eos 
eos Abidjan is the largest city and former capital of Côte d'Ivoire .
eos Abidjan is the commercial and banking center of Côte d'Ivoire as well as the de facto capital . ( Yamoussoukro is the official capital . )
eos Abidjan stands in Ébrié Lagoon on several converging peninsulas and islands , connected by bridges . There are an estimated 4 to 5 million inhabitants in the metropolitan area .
eos There are an estimated 4 to 5 million inhabitants in the metropolitan area . Abidjan is a study in contrasts . On one hand
eos Abidjan is a study in contrasts . On one hand Abidjan is hot and humid , congested and full of street hawkers . On the other hand ,
eos Abidjan is a study in contrasts . On one hand Abidjan is hot and humid , congested and full of street hawkers . On the other hand , Abidjan is referred to as the ` ` Paris of West Africa '' because of
eos On the other hand , Abidjan is referred to as the ` ` Paris of West Africa '' because of Abidjan parks , broad boulevards , universities , exotic fashions and museums . Neighborhoods include Cocody , an upscale residential area located east of the modern business district , and Treichville , located southward on Petit - Bassam Island , with its busy traditional market . Banco National Park lies north of
eos Neighborhoods include Cocody , an upscale residential area located east of the modern business district , and Treichville , located southward on Petit - Bassam Island , with its busy traditional market . Banco National Park lies north of Abidjan .
eos Banco National Park lies north of Abidjan . Abidjan harbors numerous government departments .
eos Abidjan harbors numerous government departments . Abidjan is also the hub of the national road system and the terminus of the Abidjan - Niger Railway , which extends northward into Burkina Faso . Since the start of the Ivorian Civil War in 2002 , insecurity in
eos Abidjan is also the hub of the national road system and the terminus of the Abidjan - Niger Railway , which extends northward into Burkina Faso . Since the start of the Ivorian Civil War in 2002 , insecurity in Abidjan has risen , with frequent riots targeting foreigners as well as a sharp increase in criminality . Once one of the wealthiest and most peaceful cities in Africa ,
eos Abu Dhabi ( "" Arabic : أبو ظبي "" ʼAbū Ẓaby , literally ` ` Father of Gazelle '' ) is the largest of the seven emirates that compose the United Arab Emirates and was also the largest of the former Trucial States .
eos Abu Dhabi ( "" Arabic : أبو ظبي "" ʼAbū Ẓaby , literally ` ` Father of Gazelle '' ) is the largest of the seven emirates that compose the United Arab Emirates and was also the largest of the former Trucial States . Abu_Dhabi is also a city of the same name within the Emirate that is the capital of the country , in north central UAE .
eos Abu_Dhabi lies on a T - shaped island jutting into the Persian Gulf from the central western coast . An estimated 1,000,000 people lived there in 2000 , with about an 80 % expatriate population .
eos 
eos Accra , population 1,970,400 ( 2005 ) , is the capital of Ghana .
eos Accra is Ghana 's largest city and its administrative , communications , and economic center . The primary economic activities are financial and other services , agriculture , fishing , and manufacturing such as processed food , lumber and plywood , textiles , clothing , and chemicals .
eos The primary economic activities are financial and other services , agriculture , fishing , and manufacturing such as processed food , lumber and plywood , textiles , clothing , and chemicals . Accra is located at 5 ° 30 ' North , 0 ° 10 ' West ( 5.5 , -0.1667 ) .
eos 
eos Addis_Ababa ( sometimes spelled Addis Abeba , the spelling used officially by the Ethiopian Mapping Institute ; Amharic ዲስ ባ , Āddīs Ābebā ` ` new flower '' ; Oromo Finfinne ) is the capital city of Ethiopia and the African Union , as well as its predecessor , the OAU . As a chartered city ( ras gez astedader ) ,
eos Amharic ዲስ ባ , Āddīs Ābebā ` ` new flower '' ; Oromo Finfinne ) is the capital city of Ethiopia and the African Union , as well as its predecessor , the OAU . As a chartered city ( ras gez astedader ) , Addis_Ababa has the status of both a city and a state .
eos As a chartered city ( ras gez astedader ) , Addis_Ababa has the status of both a city and a state . Addis_Ababa has as many as 80 nationalities speaking 80 languages , and Christian , Muslim , and Jewish communities .
eos Addis_Ababa has as many as 80 nationalities speaking 80 languages , and Christian , Muslim , and Jewish communities . Addis_Ababa is located about 2,500 m above sea level at ) . The site was chosen by Empress Taytu Betul and
eos Addis_Ababa is located about 2,500 m above sea level at ) . The site was chosen by Empress Taytu Betul and Addis_Ababa was founded in 1886 by her husband , Emperor Menelik II , and Addis_Ababa now has a population of around four million , and an eight per cent annual growth rate .
eos 
eos અમદાવાદ "" , "" Hindi : अहमदाबाद "" ) or Ahmadābād is the largest city in the state of Gujarat and the seventh largest urban agglomeration in India , with a population of almost 70 lakhs ( 7.0 million ) .
eos "" , "" Hindi : अहमदाबाद "" ) or Ahmadābād is the largest city in the state of Gujarat and the seventh largest urban agglomeration in India , with a population of almost 70 lakhs ( 7.0 million ) . Ahmedabad was the epicentre of many campaigns of civil disobedience to promote workers ' rights , civil rights and political independence . With the creation of the state of Gujarat in 1960 ,
eos Ahmedabad was the epicentre of many campaigns of civil disobedience to promote workers ' rights , civil rights and political independence . With the creation of the state of Gujarat in 1960 , Ahmedabad gained prominence as the political and commercial capital of the state . Once characterised by dusty roads and bungalows ,
eos With the creation of the state of Gujarat in 1960 , Ahmedabad gained prominence as the political and commercial capital of the state . Once characterised by dusty roads and bungalows , Ahmedabad is witnessing a major construction boom and population increase . A rising centre of education , information technology and scientific industries ,
eos Once characterised by dusty roads and bungalows , Ahmedabad is witnessing a major construction boom and population increase . A rising centre of education , information technology and scientific industries , Ahmedabad remains the cultural and commercial heart of Gujarat , and much of western India . Since 2000 ,
eos 
eos ( Алматы ; formerly known as Alma - Ata , also Vernyj , Vyernyi ( Верный ) in Imperial Russia ) is the largest city in Kazakhstan , with a population of 1,185,900 ( 2004 ) ( 8 % of the population of Kazakhstan ) citizens . The name ` ` Almaty '' means ` ` appled '' ( the place with apples ) , the older version of
eos the older version of Almaty name , Alma - Ata , literally means ` ` father - apple '' . In the surrounding region , unrivalled genetic diversity among the alma , the wild apples , implies that south - east Kazakhstan is where the domesticated apple is native . A troop of Siberian Cossacks from Omsk founded
eos the older version of Almaty name , Alma - Ata , literally means ` ` father - apple '' . In the surrounding region , unrivalled genetic diversity among the alma , the wild apples , implies that south - east Kazakhstan is where the domesticated apple is native . A troop of Siberian Cossacks from Omsk founded Almaty in 1854 at the foot of the Tian Shan mountain range , and renamed
eos In 1921 , the name Alma - Ata ( ` ` father - apple '' ) was created by the Bolsheviks . In a devastating earthquake in 1911 , almost the only large building that remained standing was the Russian Orthodox cathedral . In the 1920s , after the completion of the Turkestan - Siberia Railway ,
eos In a devastating earthquake in 1911 , almost the only large building that remained standing was the Russian Orthodox cathedral . In the 1920s , after the completion of the Turkestan - Siberia Railway , Almaty , as it was then known , became a major stopping point along the track . In 1929 ,
eos In the 1920s , after the completion of the Turkestan - Siberia Railway , Almaty , as it was then known , became a major stopping point along the track . In 1929 , Almaty became the capital of the Kazakh SSR . In late 1991 ,
eos In the 1920s , after the completion of the Turkestan - Siberia Railway , Almaty , as it was then known , became a major stopping point along the track . In 1929 , Almaty became the capital of the Kazakh SSR . In late 1991 , Almaty became the capital of the Republic of Kazakhstan , a designation
eos In 1929 , Almaty became the capital of the Kazakh SSR . In late 1991 , Almaty became the capital of the Republic of Kazakhstan , a designation Almaty kept until 1998 , when the capital was moved to Astana .
eos In late 1991 , Almaty became the capital of the Republic of Kazakhstan , a designation Almaty kept until 1998 , when the capital was moved to Astana . Almaty , however , remains the largest city in Kazakhstan and the country 's major commercial center . In 2005 ,
eos In late 1991 , Almaty became the capital of the Republic of Kazakhstan , a designation Almaty kept until 1998 , when the capital was moved to Astana . Almaty , however , remains the largest city in Kazakhstan and the country 's major commercial center . In 2005 , Almaty launched an Olympic application to host the XXII Olympic Winter Games in the year 2014 , which failed , as the IOC did not select
eos 
eos Amman , sometimes spelled Ammann ( Arabic عمان ʿAmmān ) , is the capital city of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan , a city of more than 1.6 million inhabitants ( 2000 ) , and the administrative capital and commercial centre of Jordan .
eos 
eos Amsterdam , the official capital of the Netherlands , lies on the banks of two bodies of water , the IJ bay and the Amstel river . Founded in the late 12th century as a small fishing village on the banks of the Amstel ,
eos Amsterdam , the official capital of the Netherlands , lies on the banks of two bodies of water , the IJ bay and the Amstel river . Founded in the late 12th century as a small fishing village on the banks of the Amstel , Amsterdam is now the largest city in the country and Amsterdam is a financial and cultural centre . As of august 1 , 2006 , the population of
eos Founded in the late 12th century as a small fishing village on the banks of the Amstel , Amsterdam is now the largest city in the country and Amsterdam is a financial and cultural centre . As of august 1 , 2006 , the population of Amsterdam is 741,329 ; the population of the greater Amsterdam area is approximately 1.5 million .
eos As of august 1 , 2006 , the population of Amsterdam is 741,329 ; the population of the greater Amsterdam area is approximately 1.5 million . Amsterdam is also one of the core urban centres of the greater metropolitan area called ` ` Randstad '' which encompasses other Dutch cities such as Haarlem , Utrecht , The Hague and Rotterdam and has a population of over 7.5 million .
eos At this time , a series of concentric , semi - circular canals ( ` ` grachten '' ) were dug around the old city centre . Along the canals houses and warehouses were built . The canals still define
eos Many fine houses and mansions are situated along the canals . Some of the narrow brick houses are gradually sinking because they are built on wooden piles to cope with the marshy subsoil . Although
eos Many fine houses and mansions are situated along the canals . Some of the narrow brick houses are gradually sinking because they are built on wooden piles to cope with the marshy subsoil . Although Amsterdam is officially designated as the capital of the Netherlands ,
eos Some of the narrow brick houses are gradually sinking because they are built on wooden piles to cope with the marshy subsoil . Although Amsterdam is officially designated as the capital of the Netherlands , Amsterdam has never been ( save a brief period between 1808 and 1810 ) , the seat of the court , government , or parliament of the Netherlands , which are all located at The Hague .
eos Some of the narrow brick houses are gradually sinking because they are built on wooden piles to cope with the marshy subsoil . Although Amsterdam is officially designated as the capital of the Netherlands , Amsterdam has never been ( save a brief period between 1808 and 1810 ) , the seat of the court , government , or parliament of the Netherlands , which are all located at The Hague . Amsterdam is also not the capital of the province in which
eos Amsterdam is also not the capital of the province in which Amsterdam is located , North Holland , whose capital is located at Haarlem . See capital of the Netherlands for more information .
eos Amsterdam is also not the capital of the province in which Amsterdam is located , North Holland , whose capital is located at Haarlem . See capital of the Netherlands for more information . Amsterdam is famous for
eos 
eos Ankara is the capital of Turkey and the country 's second largest city after İstanbul .
eos Ankara is the capital of Turkey and the country 's second largest city after İstanbul . Ankara has a population ( as of 2005 ) of 4,319,167 ( Province 5,153,000 ) , and a mean elevation of 850 m ( 2800 ft ) .
eos Ankara has a population ( as of 2005 ) of 4,319,167 ( Province 5,153,000 ) , and a mean elevation of 850 m ( 2800 ft ) . Ankara was formerly known as Angora . The Hittites gave
eos Ankara has a population ( as of 2005 ) of 4,319,167 ( Province 5,153,000 ) , and a mean elevation of 850 m ( 2800 ft ) . Ankara was formerly known as Angora . The Hittites gave Ankara the name Ankuwash , the Galatians and Romans called
eos Ankara has a population ( as of 2005 ) of 4,319,167 ( Province 5,153,000 ) , and a mean elevation of 850 m ( 2800 ft ) . Ankara was formerly known as Angora . The Hittites gave Ankara the name Ankuwash , the Galatians and Romans called Ankara Ancyra , and in the classical , Hellenistic , and Byzantine periods
eos Ankara was formerly known as Angora . The Hittites gave Ankara the name Ankuwash , the Galatians and Romans called Ankara Ancyra , and in the classical , Hellenistic , and Byzantine periods Ankara was known as Ἄγκυρα Ínkyra .
eos The Hittites gave Ankara the name Ankuwash , the Galatians and Romans called Ankara Ancyra , and in the classical , Hellenistic , and Byzantine periods Ankara was known as Ἄγκυρα Ínkyra . Ankara also serves as the capital of the Province of Ankara . Centrally located in Anatolia ,
eos Ankara also serves as the capital of the Province of Ankara . Centrally located in Anatolia , Ankara is an important commercial and industrial city .
eos Centrally located in Anatolia , Ankara is an important commercial and industrial city . Ankara is the center of the Turkish Government , and Ankara houses all foreign embassies .
eos Ankara is the center of the Turkish Government , and Ankara houses all foreign embassies . Ankara is an important crossroads of trade , strategically located at the center of Turkey 's highway and rail network , and Ankara serves as the marketing center for the surrounding agricultural area .
eos Ankara is the center of the Turkish Government , and Ankara houses all foreign embassies . Ankara is an important crossroads of trade , strategically located at the center of Turkey 's highway and rail network , and Ankara serves as the marketing center for the surrounding agricultural area . Ankara was famous for
eos Ankara is an important crossroads of trade , strategically located at the center of Turkey 's highway and rail network , and Ankara serves as the marketing center for the surrounding agricultural area . Ankara was famous for Ankara long - haired goat and its prized wool ( mohair ) , a unique breed of cat ( Angora cat ) , white rabbits and their prized wool ( Angora wool ) , pears , honey , and the region 's muscat grapes .
eos Ankara was famous for Ankara long - haired goat and its prized wool ( mohair ) , a unique breed of cat ( Angora cat ) , white rabbits and their prized wool ( Angora wool ) , pears , honey , and the region 's muscat grapes . Ankara is situated upon a steep and rocky hill , which rises 500 ft . above the plain on the left bank of the Enguri Su , a tributary of the Sakarya ( Sangarius ) river .
eos Ankara is situated upon a steep and rocky hill , which rises 500 ft . above the plain on the left bank of the Enguri Su , a tributary of the Sakarya ( Sangarius ) river . Ankara is located at 39 ° 52 ' 30 '' North , 32 ° 52 ' East ( 39.875 N 32.8333 E ) .
eos Ankara is situated upon a steep and rocky hill , which rises 500 ft . above the plain on the left bank of the Enguri Su , a tributary of the Sakarya ( Sangarius ) river . Ankara is located at 39 ° 52 ' 30 '' North , 32 ° 52 ' East ( 39.875 N 32.8333 E ) . Ankara ,
eos Ankara is located at 39 ° 52 ' 30 '' North , 32 ° 52 ' East ( 39.875 N 32.8333 E ) . Ankara , Ankara is one of the driest places in Turkey and surrounded by a barren featureless steppe vegetation , with various Hittite , Phrygian , Greek , Roman , Byzantine , and Ottoman archaeological sites .
eos 
eos 
eos ( "" Turkmen : Aşgabat "" ; "" Persian : عشق آباد "" , UniPers : Ešq - âbâd ; "" Russian : Ашхаба́д "" - Ashkhabád ) also spelled as Ashgabat , Ashkabat , Ashkhabad , Ashgabad , is the capital city of Turkmenistan , a former Soviet republic .
eos The name is believed to derive from the Persian Ashk - abad meaning ` ` the City of Arsaces '' . Another explanation is that the name is a corruption of the Persian Eshq ( Love ) + abad ( cultivated place or city ) , and hence loosely translates as ` ` The city built by / from love '' .
eos 
eos Asmara ( formerly Asmera ) is the capital city and largest settlement in Eritrea , home to a population of around 579,000 people . At an elevation of over 2,000 meters ( 7000 feet ) ,
eos 
eos The name ` ` Astana '' , which in Kazakh language means ` ` Capital city '' , was allegedly chosen because it is easily pronounced in many languages . However , in Kazakh , it is pronounced ` ` As - ta - na '' , while in English and many other international languages , the common pronunciation is ` ` As - ta - na '' .
eos However , in Kazakh , it is pronounced ` ` As - ta - na '' , while in English and many other international languages , the common pronunciation is ` ` As - ta - na '' . Astana is within Aqmola Province , though politically separate from the rest of the province , which has its own capital . The current mayor of
eos 
eos Asuncion , population 1,639,000 ( 2002 ) , is the capital of Paraguay .
eos Asuncion , population 1,639,000 ( 2002 ) , is the capital of Paraguay . Asuncion metropolitan area , named Gran Asunción , includes the cities of San Lorenzo , Fernando de la Mora , Lambaré , Luque , Mariano Roque Alonso , Ñemby and Villa Elisa ; having more than 1.5 million inhabitants .
eos Asuncion metropolitan area , named Gran Asunción , includes the cities of San Lorenzo , Fernando de la Mora , Lambaré , Luque , Mariano Roque Alonso , Ñemby and Villa Elisa ; having more than 1.5 million inhabitants . Asuncion is located at 25 ° 16 'S , 57 ° 40 ' W ( -25.2667 , -57.6667 ) .
eos 
eos Αθήνα , Athína IPA : "" IPA : / a ` θina / "" ) is the capital and largest city of Greece and the birthplace of democracy . Named after goddess Athena ,
eos Named after goddess Athena , Athens is a bustling , cosmopolitan metropolis with a population of 3.7 million people . The Athens metropolitan area is currently growing both northwards and eastwards across Attica and it constitutes the dominant center of economic , financial , industrial , cultural and political life in Greece .
eos The Athens metropolitan area is currently growing both northwards and eastwards across Attica and it constitutes the dominant center of economic , financial , industrial , cultural and political life in Greece . Athens is also rapidly becoming a leading business center in the European Union .
eos Athens is also rapidly becoming a leading business center in the European Union . Athens was a powerful polis city - state and a renowned center of learning , home of Plato 's Academy and Aristotle 's Lyceum .
eos Athens is also rapidly becoming a leading business center in the European Union . Athens was a powerful polis city - state and a renowned center of learning , home of Plato 's Academy and Aristotle 's Lyceum . Athens is considered to have been the cradle of Western civilization , largely due to the immense impact of
eos Athens was a powerful polis city - state and a renowned center of learning , home of Plato 's Academy and Aristotle 's Lyceum . Athens is considered to have been the cradle of Western civilization , largely due to the immense impact of Athens cultural and political achievements during the 5th and 4th centuries BC on the rest of the then known European Continent . The heritage of the Athenian Enlightenment is still evident in
eos Athens is considered to have been the cradle of Western civilization , largely due to the immense impact of Athens cultural and political achievements during the 5th and 4th centuries BC on the rest of the then known European Continent . The heritage of the Athenian Enlightenment is still evident in Athens , portrayed through a number of spectacular ancient monuments and artworks , the most famous of all being the Parthenon on the Acropolis . Most recently ,
eos The Auckland Metropolitan Area , or Greater Auckland , in the North Island of New Zealand , is the largest urban area in New Zealand . With over 1.2 million people it has over a quarter of the country 's population , and demographics trends still cause it to grow faster than the rest of New Zealand . It is a conurbation , made up of
eos It is a conurbation , made up of Auckland ( excluding the Hauraki Gulf islands ) , North Shore City , and the urban parts of Waitakere and Manukau cities , along with Papakura District and some nearby urban parts of Rodney and Franklin Districts . In Māori it bears the traditional name Tāmaki Makau Rau or the transcribed version of Auckland , Ākarana .
eos Auckland lies between the Hauraki Gulf of the Pacific Ocean to the east , the low Hunua Ranges to the south - east , the Manukau Harbour to the south - west , and the Waitakere Ranges and smaller ranges to the west and north - west . The central part of the urban area occupies a narrow isthmus between the Manukau Harbour on the Tasman Sea and the Waitemata Harbour on the Pacific Ocean .
eos 
eos Baghdad ( "" Arabic : بغداد "" "" Arabic transliteration : Badād "" ) is the capital of Iraq and of Baghdad Governorate .
eos "" Arabic : بغداد "" "" Arabic transliteration : Badād "" ) is the capital of Iraq and of Baghdad Governorate . Baghdad is the second - largest city in Southwest Asia after Tehran and the second - largest city in the Arab world after Cairo , and the largest city in Iraq , with a population estimated at around 7 million . Situated on the Tigris River at 33 ° 20 ` N , 44 ° 26 ` E ,
eos 
eos Bangalore or Bengalūru ( Kannada : ಬೆಂಗಳೂರು ; pronunciation : "" ` beŋgəɭuːru "" in Kannada and / ` bæŋgəlɔː ( ɹ ) / in English ) is the capital of the Indian state of Karnataka . Located on the Mysore Plateau in south - western Karnataka ,
eos Bangalore or Bengalūru ( Kannada : ಬೆಂಗಳೂರು ; pronunciation : "" ` beŋgəɭuːru "" in Kannada and / ` bæŋgəlɔː ( ɹ ) / in English ) is the capital of the Indian state of Karnataka . Located on the Mysore Plateau in south - western Karnataka , Bangalore has an estimated metropolitan population of 6.1 million ( 2006 ) , making
eos ( Kannada : ಬೆಂಗಳೂರು ; pronunciation : "" ` beŋgəɭuːru "" in Kannada and / ` bæŋgəlɔː ( ɹ ) / in English ) is the capital of the Indian state of Karnataka . Located on the Mysore Plateau in south - western Karnataka , Bangalore has an estimated metropolitan population of 6.1 million ( 2006 ) , making Bangalore India 's third - largest city and fifth - largest metropolitan area . Though historical references to
eos ( Kannada : ಬೆಂಗಳೂರು ; pronunciation : "" ` beŋgəɭuːru "" in Kannada and / ` bæŋgəlɔː ( ɹ ) / in English ) is the capital of the Indian state of Karnataka . Located on the Mysore Plateau in south - western Karnataka , Bangalore has an estimated metropolitan population of 6.1 million ( 2006 ) , making Bangalore India 's third - largest city and fifth - largest metropolitan area . Though historical references to Bangalore predate 900 CE , a written history of continuous settlement exists only from 1537 , when Kempe Gowda I , whom many regard as the architect of
eos ( Kannada : ಬೆಂಗಳೂರು ; pronunciation : "" ` beŋgəɭuːru "" in Kannada and / ` bæŋgəlɔː ( ɹ ) / in English ) is the capital of the Indian state of Karnataka . Located on the Mysore Plateau in south - western Karnataka , Bangalore has an estimated metropolitan population of 6.1 million ( 2006 ) , making Bangalore India 's third - largest city and fifth - largest metropolitan area . Though historical references to Bangalore predate 900 CE , a written history of continuous settlement exists only from 1537 , when Kempe Gowda I , whom many regard as the architect of Bangalore , built a mud fort in
eos Located on the Mysore Plateau in south - western Karnataka , Bangalore has an estimated metropolitan population of 6.1 million ( 2006 ) , making Bangalore India 's third - largest city and fifth - largest metropolitan area . Though historical references to Bangalore predate 900 CE , a written history of continuous settlement exists only from 1537 , when Kempe Gowda I , whom many regard as the architect of Bangalore , built a mud fort in Bangalore and established it as a province of the Vijayanagara Empire . During the British Raj ,
eos During the British Raj , Bangalore developed as a center for colonial rule in South India . The establishment of the Bangalore Cantonment brought in large numbers of migrant Tamil , Telugu and North Indian workers for developing and maintaining the infrastructure of the cantonment . After India gained independence in 1947 ,
eos The establishment of the Bangalore Cantonment brought in large numbers of migrant Tamil , Telugu and North Indian workers for developing and maintaining the infrastructure of the cantonment . After India gained independence in 1947 , Bangalore evolved into a manufacturing hub for public sector heavy industries - particularly aerospace , space and defence . The establishment and success of business software services firms in
eos After India gained independence in 1947 , Bangalore evolved into a manufacturing hub for public sector heavy industries - particularly aerospace , space and defence . The establishment and success of business software services firms in Bangalore after the liberalisation of India 's economy has led to the growth of India 's information technology industry .
eos The establishment and success of business software services firms in Bangalore after the liberalisation of India 's economy has led to the growth of India 's information technology industry . Bangalore is referred to as the Silicon Valley of India and Bangalore accounts for 35 percent of India 's software exports . Home to prestigious colleges and research institutions ,
eos Bangalore is referred to as the Silicon Valley of India and Bangalore accounts for 35 percent of India 's software exports . Home to prestigious colleges and research institutions , Bangalore has the second - highest literacy rate among the metropolitan cities in the nation . However , as a large and growing metropolis in the developing world ,
eos Home to prestigious colleges and research institutions , Bangalore has the second - highest literacy rate among the metropolitan cities in the nation . However , as a large and growing metropolis in the developing world , Bangalore continues to struggle with problems such as air pollution , traffic congestion , and crime . On december 11 2005 , the government of Karnataka announced that it had accepted the proposal by Jnanpith Award winner U R Ananthamurthy to rename
eos Home to prestigious colleges and research institutions , Bangalore has the second - highest literacy rate among the metropolitan cities in the nation . However , as a large and growing metropolis in the developing world , Bangalore continues to struggle with problems such as air pollution , traffic congestion , and crime . On december 11 2005 , the government of Karnataka announced that it had accepted the proposal by Jnanpith Award winner U R Ananthamurthy to rename Bangalore to
eos However , as a large and growing metropolis in the developing world , Bangalore continues to struggle with problems such as air pollution , traffic congestion , and crime . On december 11 2005 , the government of Karnataka announced that it had accepted the proposal by Jnanpith Award winner U R Ananthamurthy to rename Bangalore to Bangalore Kannada name , Bengalūru . On september 27 2006 , the Bangalore Mahanagara Palike ( BMP ) passed a resolution to implement the proposed name change , pending approvals from the government of Karnataka and citizens of
eos 
eos Bangkok , known in Thai as Krung Thep ( กรุงเทพฯ ) , is the capital and largest city of Thailand , with an official 2000 census population of 6,355,144 .
eos Bangkok , known in Thai as Krung Thep ( กรุงเทพฯ ) , is the capital and largest city of Thailand , with an official 2000 census population of 6,355,144 . Bangkok is located at , on the east bank of the Chao Phraya River , near the Gulf of Thailand . Krung Thep has been the proper name of
eos Bangkok is located at , on the east bank of the Chao Phraya River , near the Gulf of Thailand . Krung Thep has been the proper name of Bangkok for more than two centuries . However ,
eos Bangkok is located at , on the east bank of the Chao Phraya River , near the Gulf of Thailand . Krung Thep has been the proper name of Bangkok for more than two centuries . However , Bangkok original name of Bangkok ( which now is used locally to refer only to a district of
eos However , Bangkok original name of Bangkok ( which now is used locally to refer only to a district of Bangkok ) persists in being used by most foreigners . ( See History and Full Name below . )
eos ( See History and Full Name below . ) Bangkok is a fast growing , economically and culturally dynamic city in Southeast Asia . The World Meteorological Organization has dubbed
eos Bangkok is a fast growing , economically and culturally dynamic city in Southeast Asia . The World Meteorological Organization has dubbed Bangkok the world 's hottest large city . Moreover ,
eos The World Meteorological Organization has dubbed Bangkok the world 's hottest large city . Moreover , Bangkok is one of the world 's most popular tourist destinations .
eos Moreover , Bangkok is one of the world 's most popular tourist destinations . Bangkok is the wealthiest and most populated city in Thailand .
eos 
eos Banjul is the capital of The Gambia . The population of
eos Banjul is the capital of The Gambia . The population of Banjul is only 34,828 but the total urban area is many times larger with a population of 523,589 ( 2003 census ) .
eos The population of Banjul is only 34,828 but the total urban area is many times larger with a population of 523,589 ( 2003 census ) . Banjul is located on St Mary 's Island ( or Banjul Island ) where the Gambia River enters the Atlantic Ocean .
eos 
eos Basseterre , estimated population 15,500 ( 2000 ) , is the capital of the federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis in the West Indies . Geographically ,
eos Basseterre , estimated population 15,500 ( 2000 ) , is the capital of the federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis in the West Indies . Geographically , Basseterre is located at 17 ° 18 ` N , 62 ° 44 ` W , on the south western coast of Saint Kitts Island , and
eos Basseterre , estimated population 15,500 ( 2000 ) , is the capital of the federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis in the West Indies . Geographically , Basseterre is located at 17 ° 18 ` N , 62 ° 44 ` W , on the south western coast of Saint Kitts Island , and Basseterre is one of the chief commercial depots of the Leeward Islands .
eos Geographically , Basseterre is located at 17 ° 18 ` N , 62 ° 44 ` W , on the south western coast of Saint Kitts Island , and Basseterre is one of the chief commercial depots of the Leeward Islands . Basseterre lies within the parish of Saint George Basseterre and the southern part of the parish of Saint Peter Basseterre .
eos 
eos "" ( Chinese : 北京 "" Chinese Pronunciation "" ; Pinyin : Běijīng ; "" IPA : pei˨˩˦ tɕɪŋ˥˥ "" ) , a city in northern China , is the capital of the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) .
eos "" IPA : pei˨˩˦ tɕɪŋ˥˥ "" ) , a city in northern China , is the capital of the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) . Beijing was formerly known in English as Peking or Peiking "" English Pronunciation "" .
eos Beijing is also one of the four municipalities of the PRC , which are equivalent to provinces in China 's administrative structure . Beijing Municipality borders Hebei Province to the north , west , south , and for a small section in the east , and Tianjin Municipality to the southeast .
eos Beijing Municipality borders Hebei Province to the north , west , south , and for a small section in the east , and Tianjin Municipality to the southeast . Beijing is China 's second largest city in terms of population , after Shanghai .
eos Beijing Municipality borders Hebei Province to the north , west , south , and for a small section in the east , and Tianjin Municipality to the southeast . Beijing is China 's second largest city in terms of population , after Shanghai . Beijing is a major transportation hub , with dozens of railways , roads and expressways entering and leaving
eos Beijing is China 's second largest city in terms of population , after Shanghai . Beijing is a major transportation hub , with dozens of railways , roads and expressways entering and leaving Beijing in all directions .
eos Beijing is a major transportation hub , with dozens of railways , roads and expressways entering and leaving Beijing in all directions . Beijing is also the focal point of many international flights to China .
eos Beijing is also the focal point of many international flights to China . Beijing is recognized as the political , educational , and cultural center of the People 's Republic of China , while Shanghai and Hong Kong predominate in economic fields .
eos Beijing is recognized as the political , educational , and cultural center of the People 's Republic of China , while Shanghai and Hong Kong predominate in economic fields . Beijing is one of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China .
eos 
eos Beirut ( "" Arabic : بيروت "" "" Arabic transliteration : Bayrūt "" ) is the capital , largest city , and chief seaport of Lebanon .
eos Beirut ( "" Arabic : بيروت "" "" Arabic transliteration : Bayrūt "" ) is the capital , largest city , and chief seaport of Lebanon . Beirut is sometimes known by
eos "" Arabic : بيروت "" "" Arabic transliteration : Bayrūt "" ) is the capital , largest city , and chief seaport of Lebanon . Beirut is sometimes known by Beirut French name , Beyrouth .
eos "" Arabic : بيروت "" "" Arabic transliteration : Bayrūt "" ) is the capital , largest city , and chief seaport of Lebanon . Beirut is sometimes known by Beirut French name , Beyrouth . Beirut has a population of 1.5 million people in
eos Beirut is sometimes known by Beirut French name , Beyrouth . Beirut has a population of 1.5 million people in Beirut and 2.1 million people in the surrounding metropolitan areas . Beirut is the commercial center of the region and Beirut was sometimes called ` ` the Paris of the Middle East '' because of Beirut cosmopolitan atmosphere prior to the Lebanese Civil War ( some Lebanese still refuse to relinquish the title , despite Beirut being a shadow of
eos Beirut is sometimes known by Beirut French name , Beyrouth . Beirut has a population of 1.5 million people in Beirut and 2.1 million people in the surrounding metropolitan areas .
eos Beirut is sometimes known by Beirut French name , Beyrouth . Beirut has a population of 1.5 million people in Beirut and 2.1 million people in the surrounding metropolitan areas . Beirut is the commercial center of the region and Beirut was sometimes called ` ` the Paris of the Middle East '' because of
eos Beirut is sometimes known by Beirut French name , Beyrouth . Beirut has a population of 1.5 million people in Beirut and 2.1 million people in the surrounding metropolitan areas . Beirut is the commercial center of the region and Beirut was sometimes called ` ` the Paris of the Middle East '' because of Beirut cosmopolitan atmosphere prior to the Lebanese Civil War ( some Lebanese still refuse to relinquish the title , despite
eos Beirut has a population of 1.5 million people in Beirut and 2.1 million people in the surrounding metropolitan areas . Beirut is the commercial center of the region and Beirut was sometimes called ` ` the Paris of the Middle East '' because of Beirut cosmopolitan atmosphere prior to the Lebanese Civil War ( some Lebanese still refuse to relinquish the title , despite Beirut being a shadow of Beirut former glory ) . Prior to the Israeli bombings of the summer of 2006 to
eos Beirut has a population of 1.5 million people in Beirut and 2.1 million people in the surrounding metropolitan areas . Beirut is the commercial center of the region and Beirut was sometimes called ` ` the Paris of the Middle East '' because of Beirut cosmopolitan atmosphere prior to the Lebanese Civil War ( some Lebanese still refuse to relinquish the title , despite Beirut being a shadow of Beirut former glory ) . Prior to the Israeli bombings of the summer of 2006 to Beirut infrastucture , and despite the assassination of
eos Beirut has a population of 1.5 million people in Beirut and 2.1 million people in the surrounding metropolitan areas . Beirut is the commercial center of the region and Beirut was sometimes called ` ` the Paris of the Middle East '' because of Beirut cosmopolitan atmosphere prior to the Lebanese Civil War ( some Lebanese still refuse to relinquish the title , despite Beirut being a shadow of Beirut former glory ) . Prior to the Israeli bombings of the summer of 2006 to Beirut infrastucture , and despite the assassination of Beirut chief financial benefactor , former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri , in 2005 ,
eos Beirut is the commercial center of the region and Beirut was sometimes called ` ` the Paris of the Middle East '' because of Beirut cosmopolitan atmosphere prior to the Lebanese Civil War ( some Lebanese still refuse to relinquish the title , despite Beirut being a shadow of Beirut former glory ) . Prior to the Israeli bombings of the summer of 2006 to Beirut infrastucture , and despite the assassination of Beirut chief financial benefactor , former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri , in 2005 , Beirut had undergone major reconstruction in recent years and Beirut had been set to host the Jeux de la Francophonie ( Francophone Games ) in 2009 . The present state of
eos Beirut is the commercial center of the region and Beirut was sometimes called ` ` the Paris of the Middle East '' because of Beirut cosmopolitan atmosphere prior to the Lebanese Civil War ( some Lebanese still refuse to relinquish the title , despite Beirut being a shadow of Beirut former glory ) . Prior to the Israeli bombings of the summer of 2006 to Beirut infrastucture , and despite the assassination of Beirut chief financial benefactor , former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri , in 2005 , Beirut had undergone major reconstruction in recent years and Beirut had been set to host the Jeux de la Francophonie ( Francophone Games ) in 2009 . The present state of Beirut has inarguably suffered a setback in light of these events , but
eos Beirut is the commercial center of the region and Beirut was sometimes called ` ` the Paris of the Middle East '' because of Beirut cosmopolitan atmosphere prior to the Lebanese Civil War ( some Lebanese still refuse to relinquish the title , despite Beirut being a shadow of Beirut former glory ) . Prior to the Israeli bombings of the summer of 2006 to Beirut infrastucture , and despite the assassination of Beirut chief financial benefactor , former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri , in 2005 , Beirut had undergone major reconstruction in recent years and Beirut had been set to host the Jeux de la Francophonie ( Francophone Games ) in 2009 . The present state of Beirut has inarguably suffered a setback in light of these events , but Beirut still retains the necessary ingredients for the great rebirth
eos Prior to the Israeli bombings of the summer of 2006 to Beirut infrastucture , and despite the assassination of Beirut chief financial benefactor , former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri , in 2005 , Beirut had undergone major reconstruction in recent years and Beirut had been set to host the Jeux de la Francophonie ( Francophone Games ) in 2009 . The present state of Beirut has inarguably suffered a setback in light of these events , but Beirut still retains the necessary ingredients for the great rebirth Beirut had planned .
eos Beirut is considered as a possible candidate for the 2024 Summer Olympics games . The massive $ 1.2 billion Zenith project will make Lebanon capable of holding the games .
eos The massive $ 1.2 billion Zenith project will make Lebanon capable of holding the games . Beirut is home to numerous international organizations . The United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia ( ESCWA ) is headquartered in Downtown Beirut while the International Labour Organization ( ILO ) and UNESCO ( United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ) both have regional offices in
eos Beirut is home to numerous international organizations . The United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia ( ESCWA ) is headquartered in Downtown Beirut while the International Labour Organization ( ILO ) and UNESCO ( United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ) both have regional offices in Beirut covering the Arab world . The Arab Air Carriers Organization ( AACO ) is also headquartered in
eos The United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia ( ESCWA ) is headquartered in Downtown Beirut while the International Labour Organization ( ILO ) and UNESCO ( United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ) both have regional offices in Beirut covering the Arab world . The Arab Air Carriers Organization ( AACO ) is also headquartered in Beirut . In Travel and Leisure magazine 's ` World Best Awards 2006 '
eos The Arab Air Carriers Organization ( AACO ) is also headquartered in Beirut . In Travel and Leisure magazine 's ` World Best Awards 2006 ' Beirut was ranked the 9th ( out of 10 ) city in the world , falling just short of New York City and coming ahead of San Francisco .
eos In Travel and Leisure magazine 's ` World Best Awards 2006 ' Beirut was ranked the 9th ( out of 10 ) city in the world , falling just short of New York City and coming ahead of San Francisco . Beirut has both developed and less developed neighborhoods .
eos Beirut has both developed and less developed neighborhoods . Beirut most famous Sunni Muslim neighborhoods are Zarif and Verdun ; Saifi Village is
eos Beirut most famous Sunni Muslim neighborhoods are Zarif and Verdun ; Saifi Village is Beirut most prominent and expensive residential one .
eos 
eos Belgrade ( Serbian : Београд or Beograd listen ) is the capital and largest city of Serbia .
eos Belgrade ( Serbian : Београд or Beograd listen ) is the capital and largest city of Serbia . Belgrade is one of the oldest cities in Europe , first emerging as prehistoric Vināa in 4800 BC ,
eos Београд or Beograd listen ) is the capital and largest city of Serbia . Belgrade is one of the oldest cities in Europe , first emerging as prehistoric Vināa in 4800 BC , Belgrade was settled in the 3rd century BC by the Celts , before becoming the Roman settlement of Singidunum .
eos Belgrade is one of the oldest cities in Europe , first emerging as prehistoric Vināa in 4800 BC , Belgrade was settled in the 3rd century BC by the Celts , before becoming the Roman settlement of Singidunum . Belgrade is the largest city on the territory of the former Yugoslavia , and by population Belgrade ranks fourth in the South Eastern Europe behind Istanbul , Athens and Bucharest .
eos Belgrade is one of the oldest cities in Europe , first emerging as prehistoric Vināa in 4800 BC , Belgrade was settled in the 3rd century BC by the Celts , before becoming the Roman settlement of Singidunum . Belgrade is the largest city on the territory of the former Yugoslavia , and by population Belgrade ranks fourth in the South Eastern Europe behind Istanbul , Athens and Bucharest . Belgrade has the status of a separate territorial unit in Serbia , with
eos Belgrade is the largest city on the territory of the former Yugoslavia , and by population Belgrade ranks fourth in the South Eastern Europe behind Istanbul , Athens and Bucharest . Belgrade has the status of a separate territorial unit in Serbia , with Belgrade own autonomous city government .
eos Belgrade has the status of a separate territorial unit in Serbia , with Belgrade own autonomous city government . Belgrade territory is divided into 17 municipalities , each of which has its own local council . Belgrade spreads over 3.6 % of the territory of Serbia , and 21 % of the Serbian population ( excluding that of the Kosovo province ) lives in
eos Belgrade has the status of a separate territorial unit in Serbia , with Belgrade own autonomous city government . Belgrade territory is divided into 17 municipalities , each of which has its own local council .
eos Belgrade territory is divided into 17 municipalities , each of which has its own local council . Belgrade spreads over 3.6 % of the territory of Serbia , and 21 % of the Serbian population ( excluding that of the Kosovo province ) lives in Belgrade .
eos 
eos Belo_Horizonte ( a Portuguese name meaning '' "" IPA : "" beautiful horizon '' , pronounced ` bɛləʊ - əʊɹizɒnteɪ ) is the third largest metropolitan area and fifth largest city in Brazil ( after São Paulo , Rio de Janeiro , Salvador and Fortaleza ) .
eos "" IPA : "" beautiful horizon '' , pronounced ` bɛləʊ - əʊɹizɒnteɪ ) is the third largest metropolitan area and fifth largest city in Brazil ( after São Paulo , Rio de Janeiro , Salvador and Fortaleza ) . Belo_Horizonte is the capital of Minas Gerais state , located in the southeastern region of the country . With a population of almost 2.4 million and over 5 million in the official metropolitan area ,
eos "" IPA : "" beautiful horizon '' , pronounced ` bɛləʊ - əʊɹizɒnteɪ ) is the third largest metropolitan area and fifth largest city in Brazil ( after São Paulo , Rio de Janeiro , Salvador and Fortaleza ) . Belo_Horizonte is the capital of Minas Gerais state , located in the southeastern region of the country . With a population of almost 2.4 million and over 5 million in the official metropolitan area , Belo_Horizonte - or ` ` Beagá '' as
eos "" IPA : "" beautiful horizon '' , pronounced ` bɛləʊ - əʊɹizɒnteɪ ) is the third largest metropolitan area and fifth largest city in Brazil ( after São Paulo , Rio de Janeiro , Salvador and Fortaleza ) . Belo_Horizonte is the capital of Minas Gerais state , located in the southeastern region of the country . With a population of almost 2.4 million and over 5 million in the official metropolitan area , Belo_Horizonte - or ` ` Beagá '' as Belo_Horizonte is more familiarly known from the sound of
eos Belo_Horizonte is the capital of Minas Gerais state , located in the southeastern region of the country . With a population of almost 2.4 million and over 5 million in the official metropolitan area , Belo_Horizonte - or ` ` Beagá '' as Belo_Horizonte is more familiarly known from the sound of Belo_Horizonte initials BH in Portuguese - is a place of intense economical and cultural activity .
eos With a population of almost 2.4 million and over 5 million in the official metropolitan area , Belo_Horizonte - or ` ` Beagá '' as Belo_Horizonte is more familiarly known from the sound of Belo_Horizonte initials BH in Portuguese - is a place of intense economical and cultural activity . Belo_Horizonte has a good infrastructure for national and international events . The first settlements in the region occurred in the early 1700s , but
eos With a population of almost 2.4 million and over 5 million in the official metropolitan area , Belo_Horizonte - or ` ` Beagá '' as Belo_Horizonte is more familiarly known from the sound of Belo_Horizonte initials BH in Portuguese - is a place of intense economical and cultural activity . Belo_Horizonte has a good infrastructure for national and international events . The first settlements in the region occurred in the early 1700s , but Belo_Horizonte as
eos Belo_Horizonte has a good infrastructure for national and international events . The first settlements in the region occurred in the early 1700s , but Belo_Horizonte as Belo_Horizonte is known today was planned and constructed in the 1890s , in order to replace Ouro Preto as the capital of Minas Gerais .
eos 
eos Berlin is the capital city and one of the sixteen federal states of Germany . With a population of 3.4 million in
eos Berlin is the capital city and one of the sixteen federal states of Germany . With a population of 3.4 million in Berlin city limits ,
eos Berlin is the capital city and one of the sixteen federal states of Germany . With a population of 3.4 million in Berlin city limits , Berlin is the country 's largest city , and the second most populous city in the European Union .
eos With a population of 3.4 million in Berlin city limits , Berlin is the country 's largest city , and the second most populous city in the European Union . Berlin is an influential center in European politics , culture and science .
eos Berlin is an influential center in European politics , culture and science . Berlin serves as an important hub of continental transportation and Berlin is home to renowned universities , research faculties , and museums .
eos Berlin is an influential center in European politics , culture and science . Berlin serves as an important hub of continental transportation and Berlin is home to renowned universities , research faculties , and museums . Berlin is an international tourist destination known for
eos Berlin serves as an important hub of continental transportation and Berlin is home to renowned universities , research faculties , and museums . Berlin is an international tourist destination known for Berlin festivals , contemporary architecture , nightlife , and avant - garde arts . Berlin is a center for the creative industries , and Berlin is recognized for
eos Berlin serves as an important hub of continental transportation and Berlin is home to renowned universities , research faculties , and museums . Berlin is an international tourist destination known for Berlin festivals , contemporary architecture , nightlife , and avant - garde arts .
eos Berlin is an international tourist destination known for Berlin festivals , contemporary architecture , nightlife , and avant - garde arts . Berlin is a center for the creative industries , and Berlin is recognized for Berlin diverse range of convention venues , sport events , and media outlets . Being home to people from over 180 nations ,
eos Berlin is an international tourist destination known for Berlin festivals , contemporary architecture , nightlife , and avant - garde arts . Berlin is a center for the creative industries , and Berlin is recognized for Berlin diverse range of convention venues , sport events , and media outlets . Being home to people from over 180 nations , Berlin is a magnet for individuals who are attracted by
eos Berlin is a center for the creative industries , and Berlin is recognized for Berlin diverse range of convention venues , sport events , and media outlets . Being home to people from over 180 nations , Berlin is a magnet for individuals who are attracted by Berlin liberal lifestyle , urban eclecticism , and artistic freedom . First documented in the 13th century ,
eos Being home to people from over 180 nations , Berlin is a magnet for individuals who are attracted by Berlin liberal lifestyle , urban eclecticism , and artistic freedom . First documented in the 13th century , Berlin became the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701 and of the German Empire in 1871 .
eos First documented in the 13th century , Berlin became the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701 and of the German Empire in 1871 . Berlin remained so during periods of the Weimar Republic and the Third Reich until 1945 . After World War II ,
eos After World War II , Berlin was divided . East Berlin became the capital of the GDR ( East Germany ) , while West Berlin remained a West German enclave surrounded by the Berlin Wall from 1961 - 1989 . Following reunification in 1990 ,
eos 
eos Bernese German Bärn "" IPA : "" b̥æːrn "" "" ) , is the ` ` Bundesstadt '' ( administrative capital ) of Switzerland and , with 140,000 people , Berne is the fourth most populous Swiss city ( after Zürich , Geneva and Basel ) . Most of
eos The Canton of Bern has a French - speaking part . Very few people still speak the Matteänglisch , a secret language used in the former workers ' quarter Matte , but several words have found their way in the Bernese German .
eos 
eos Bishkek ( Бишкек ) is the capital of Kyrgyzstan .
eos Bishkek has a population of approximately 900,000 ( 2005 ) . Originally founded in 1878 as the Russian fortress of Pishpek ( Пишпек ) , between 1926 and 1991
eos Bishkek was known as Frunze ( Фрунзе ) , after the Bolshevik military leader Mikhail Frunze . In Kyrgyz , a Bishkek is a churn used to make fermented mare 's milk ( kumis ) , the Kyrgyz national drink .
eos Bishkek was known as Frunze ( Фрунзе ) , after the Bolshevik military leader Mikhail Frunze . In Kyrgyz , a Bishkek is a churn used to make fermented mare 's milk ( kumis ) , the Kyrgyz national drink . Bishkek , at 42 ° 52 ` N , 74 ° 34 ` E , is situated at about 800 m altitude just off the northern fringe of the Ala - Too range , an extension of the Tien Shan mountain range , which rises up to 4,800 m and provides a spectacular backdrop to
eos In Kyrgyz , a Bishkek is a churn used to make fermented mare 's milk ( kumis ) , the Kyrgyz national drink . Bishkek , at 42 ° 52 ` N , 74 ° 34 ` E , is situated at about 800 m altitude just off the northern fringe of the Ala - Too range , an extension of the Tien Shan mountain range , which rises up to 4,800 m and provides a spectacular backdrop to Bishkek . North of
eos North of Bishkek , a fertile and gently undulating steppe extends far north into neighboring Kazakhstan . The Chui river drains most of the area .
eos The Chui river drains most of the area . Bishkek is connected to the Turkestan - Siberia Railway by a spur .
eos Bishkek is connected to the Turkestan - Siberia Railway by a spur . Bishkek is a city of wide boulevards and marble - faced public buildings combined with numerous Soviet - style apartment blocks surrounding interior courtyards and , especially outside the city center , thousands of smaller , often privately built houses .
eos 
eos Bloemfontein ( IPA : "" IPA : "" ˈblʁmfɑnˌte ( ɪ ) n "" "" , Afrikaans for ` ` fountain of Bloem ( bloom ) '' or for ` ` flower fountain '' ) is one of South Africa 's three capital cities , along with Pretoria and Cape Town .
eos "" "" , Afrikaans for ` ` fountain of Bloem ( bloom ) '' or for ` ` flower fountain '' ) is one of South Africa 's three capital cities , along with Pretoria and Cape Town . Bloemfontein serves as the judicial capital , as well as the capital of the Free State province .
eos Bloemfontein serves as the judicial capital , as well as the capital of the Free State province . Bloemfontein Sesotho name is Mangaung , meaning ` ` the place where cheetahs dwell '' .
eos Bloemfontein Sesotho name is Mangaung , meaning ` ` the place where cheetahs dwell '' . Bloemfontein is popularly and poetically known as ` ` the city of roses '' , owing to the abundance of these flowers and the annual rose festival held there . Although
eos Bloemfontein Sesotho name is Mangaung , meaning ` ` the place where cheetahs dwell '' . Bloemfontein is popularly and poetically known as ` ` the city of roses '' , owing to the abundance of these flowers and the annual rose festival held there . Although Bloemfontein has a reputation for
eos Bloemfontein Sesotho name is Mangaung , meaning ` ` the place where cheetahs dwell '' . Bloemfontein is popularly and poetically known as ` ` the city of roses '' , owing to the abundance of these flowers and the annual rose festival held there . Although Bloemfontein has a reputation for Bloemfontein flowers in an otherwise arid region ,
eos Others see this proposition as a conceit , a manifestation of Political correctness and a retrospective reconstruction of history . The British Colonial Authotities did not have a great track record of naming places after local aborigines .
eos The British Colonial Authotities did not have a great track record of naming places after local aborigines . Bloemfontein is situated on dry grassland at 29 ° 06 'S , 26 ° 13 ` E , at an altitude of 1,395 metres above sea level .
eos Bloemfontein is situated on dry grassland at 29 ° 06 'S , 26 ° 13 ` E , at an altitude of 1,395 metres above sea level . Bloemfontein is home to 369,568 residents , while the Mangaung Local Municipality has a population of 645,455 .
eos 
eos 
eos Brasilia is the capital of Brazil with a population of 2,333,108 . Located in the Brazilian Federal District ,
eos Brasilia is the capital of Brazil with a population of 2,333,108 . Located in the Brazilian Federal District , Brasilia is famous for
eos 
eos Bratislava ( see below for other names ) is the capital of Slovakia and the country 's largest city , with a population of some 450,000 .
eos Bratislava ( see below for other names ) is the capital of Slovakia and the country 's largest city , with a population of some 450,000 . Bratislava is the political , cultural and economic centre of Slovakia .
eos Bratislava is the political , cultural and economic centre of Slovakia . Bratislava is the seat of the Slovak presidency , parliament and government as well as home to several universities , museums , theatres , galleries and other national economic , cultural and educational institutions . Most of Slovakia 's large businesses and financial institutions have their headquarters in
eos Bratislava is the seat of the Slovak presidency , parliament and government as well as home to several universities , museums , theatres , galleries and other national economic , cultural and educational institutions . Most of Slovakia 's large businesses and financial institutions have their headquarters in Bratislava .
eos Most of Slovakia 's large businesses and financial institutions have their headquarters in Bratislava . Bratislava past has been characterized by the strong influence of various peoples , including Slovaks , Germans , Hungarians , Czechs , Austrians and Jews .
eos Most of Slovakia 's large businesses and financial institutions have their headquarters in Bratislava . Bratislava past has been characterized by the strong influence of various peoples , including Slovaks , Germans , Hungarians , Czechs , Austrians and Jews . Bratislava still retains
eos Bratislava past has been characterized by the strong influence of various peoples , including Slovaks , Germans , Hungarians , Czechs , Austrians and Jews . Bratislava still retains Bratislava cosmopolitan spirit . Bratislava hosts many festivals and trade shows and Bratislava is famous for
eos Bratislava past has been characterized by the strong influence of various peoples , including Slovaks , Germans , Hungarians , Czechs , Austrians and Jews . Bratislava still retains Bratislava cosmopolitan spirit .
eos Bratislava past has been characterized by the strong influence of various peoples , including Slovaks , Germans , Hungarians , Czechs , Austrians and Jews . Bratislava still retains Bratislava cosmopolitan spirit . Bratislava hosts many festivals and trade shows and
eos Bratislava still retains Bratislava cosmopolitan spirit . Bratislava hosts many festivals and trade shows and Bratislava is famous for Bratislava nightlife and leisure facilities . Andrej Ďurkovský is
eos 
eos Brazzaville is the capital and largest city of the Republic of the Congo and Brazzaville is located on the Congo River .
eos Brazzaville is the capital and largest city of the Republic of the Congo and Brazzaville is located on the Congo River . Brazzaville has a population of 1,174,000 ( 2005 census ) .
eos Brazzaville is the capital and largest city of the Republic of the Congo and Brazzaville is located on the Congo River . Brazzaville has a population of 1,174,000 ( 2005 census ) . Brazzaville was founded in 1880 on the site of a village named Nkuna by an Italian born French explorer , Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza , after whom
eos Brazzaville has a population of 1,174,000 ( 2005 census ) . Brazzaville was founded in 1880 on the site of a village named Nkuna by an Italian born French explorer , Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza , after whom Brazzaville was named . Over a third of the population of the Republic of Congo lives in
eos Brazzaville has a population of 1,174,000 ( 2005 census ) . Brazzaville was founded in 1880 on the site of a village named Nkuna by an Italian born French explorer , Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza , after whom Brazzaville was named . Over a third of the population of the Republic of Congo lives in Brazzaville , and
eos Brazzaville was founded in 1880 on the site of a village named Nkuna by an Italian born French explorer , Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza , after whom Brazzaville was named . Over a third of the population of the Republic of Congo lives in Brazzaville , and Brazzaville is home to 40 % of non - agricultural employment .
eos 
eos Bridgetown , population 96,578 ( 2006 ) metropolitan area 110,000 ( 2000 ) , is the capital and largest city of the nation of Barbados . Formerly , the Town of Saint Michael the Greater Bridgetown area is located within the parish of Saint Michael .
eos Bridgetown is located at 13 ° 7 ` N , 59 ° 37 ` W , on the southwestern coast of the island along Carlisle Bay . Parts of the Greater Bridgetown area lies along the borders of the neighbouring parishes Christ Church and St. James . The present day site of
eos Parts of the Greater Bridgetown area lies along the borders of the neighbouring parishes Christ Church and St. James . The present day site of Bridgetown was established by the British in 1628 following their settlement at James Town .
eos Parts of the Greater Bridgetown area lies along the borders of the neighbouring parishes Christ Church and St. James . The present day site of Bridgetown was established by the British in 1628 following their settlement at James Town . Bridgetown is a major West Indies tourist destination , and
eos The present day site of Bridgetown was established by the British in 1628 following their settlement at James Town . Bridgetown is a major West Indies tourist destination , and Bridgetown acts as an important financial , informatics and convention centre in the Caribbean region . Each january ,
eos 
eos Brisbane ( pronounced "" IPA : / ˈbɹɪzbən / "" ) is the capital and most populous city of the Australian state of Queensland , and Brisbane is the third largest city in Australia , with a population of just under 2.0 million and an urban agglomeration of over 2.4 million people .
eos Brisbane ( pronounced "" IPA : / ˈbɹɪzbən / "" ) is the capital and most populous city of the Australian state of Queensland , and Brisbane is the third largest city in Australia , with a population of just under 2.0 million and an urban agglomeration of over 2.4 million people . Brisbane is a city set close to the Pacific Ocean , and Brisbane is situated beside the Brisbane River on plains between Moreton Bay and the Great Dividing Range in south - eastern Queensland . Named in honour of Sir Thomas Brisbane ,
eos Brisbane is a city set close to the Pacific Ocean , and Brisbane is situated beside the Brisbane River on plains between Moreton Bay and the Great Dividing Range in south - eastern Queensland . Named in honour of Sir Thomas Brisbane , Brisbane grew from a harsh penal colony established in 1824 at Redcliffe , 40 km to the north . The colony was moved to
eos Named in honour of Sir Thomas Brisbane , Brisbane grew from a harsh penal colony established in 1824 at Redcliffe , 40 km to the north . The colony was moved to Brisbane in 1825 and free settlers were permitted from 1842 .
eos The colony was moved to Brisbane in 1825 and free settlers were permitted from 1842 . Brisbane was chosen as the capital of Queensland when it was proclaimed a separate colony in 1859 .
eos The colony was moved to Brisbane in 1825 and free settlers were permitted from 1842 . Brisbane was chosen as the capital of Queensland when it was proclaimed a separate colony in 1859 . Brisbane developed slowly until after World War II , when
eos Brisbane was chosen as the capital of Queensland when it was proclaimed a separate colony in 1859 . Brisbane developed slowly until after World War II , when Brisbane played a central role in the Allied campaign as the South West Pacific headquarters for General Douglas MacArthur . More recently ,
eos 
eos Brussels ( "" French : Bruxelles "" , pronounced "" IPA : "" bʁysɛl "" "" , and sometimes "" IPA : "" bʁyksɛl "" "" by non - Belgian speakers of French ; "" Tutch : Brussel "" , pronounced "" IPA : "" brʁsəl "" "" ; "" German : Brüssel "" ) is the capital of Belgium , the French Community of Belgium , the Flemish Community and the main seat of the European Union 's institutions ( and thus often considered ` The Capital of Europe ' ) .
eos "" Tutch : Brussel "" , pronounced "" IPA : "" brʁsəl "" "" ; "" German : Brüssel "" ) is the capital of Belgium , the French Community of Belgium , the Flemish Community and the main seat of the European Union 's institutions ( and thus often considered ` The Capital of Europe ' ) . Brussels is , first of all , a city located in the centre of Belgium and Brussels is its capital , but it sometimes also refers to the largest municipality of the Brussels - Capital Region . This municipality inside
eos the three communities being ` ` the '' other component : the Brussels inhabitants must deal with either the French ( speaking ) community or the Flemish Community for matters such as culture and education .
eos : the Brussels inhabitants must deal with either the French ( speaking ) community or the Flemish Community for matters such as culture and education . Brussels is also the capital of both the French Community of Belgium ( Communauté française Wallonie - Bruxelles in French ) and of Flanders ( Vlaanderen ) ; all Flemish capital institutions are established here : Flemish Parliament , Flemish government and its administration ( though Antwerp is considered the cultural capital of Flanders ) . Two of the main institutions of the European Union - the European Commission and the Council of the European Union - have their headquarters in
eos Two of the main institutions of the European Union - the European Commission and the Council of the European Union - have their headquarters in Brussels : the Commission in the Berlaymont building and the Council in the Justus Lipsius building facing it . The third institution , the European Parliament , also has a parliamentary chamber in
eos the Commission in the Berlaymont building and the Council in the Justus Lipsius building facing it . The third institution , the European Parliament , also has a parliamentary chamber in Brussels in which its committee meet and some of its plenary sessions are held ( the other plenary sessions are held in Strasbourg , and its administrative headquarters are in Luxembourg ) .
eos The third institution , the European Parliament , also has a parliamentary chamber in Brussels in which its committee meet and some of its plenary sessions are held ( the other plenary sessions are held in Strasbourg , and its administrative headquarters are in Luxembourg ) . Brussels is also the political seat of NATO , the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation , the Western European Union ( WEU ) and EUROCONTROL , the European Organisation for the Safety of Air Navigation Due to this , some countries have three ambassadors present in
eos The ` ` language border '' divides Belgium into a northern , Dutch - speaking region , and a southern , French - speaking region . Although the real language border and the official one are largely identical , there are bilingual pockets on both sides with , in certain cases , no specific linguistic rights for the population speaking the other language . The Brussels - Capital Region is officially bilingual , while the majority of its residents speak French ( see the linguistic history of
eos Although the real language border and the official one are largely identical , there are bilingual pockets on both sides with , in certain cases , no specific linguistic rights for the population speaking the other language . The Brussels - Capital Region is officially bilingual , while the majority of its residents speak French ( see the linguistic history of Brussels in this article : linguistic situation section ) . The highest building in
eos 
eos Bucharest ( Romanian : Bucureşti / bukureʃt / ) is the capital city and industrial and commercial centre of Romania .
eos Bucharest is located in the southeast of the country , at 44 ° 25 ` N , 26 ° 06 ` E , and Bucharest lies on the banks of the Dâmboviţa River . By European standards
eos Bucharest is located in the southeast of the country , at 44 ° 25 ` N , 26 ° 06 ` E , and Bucharest lies on the banks of the Dâmboviţa River . By European standards Bucharest is not an old city ,
eos ` N , 26 ° 06 ` E , and Bucharest lies on the banks of the Dâmboviţa River . By European standards Bucharest is not an old city , Bucharest existence first being referred to by scholars as late as 1459 . Since then
eos ` N , 26 ° 06 ` E , and Bucharest lies on the banks of the Dâmboviţa River . By European standards Bucharest is not an old city , Bucharest existence first being referred to by scholars as late as 1459 . Since then Bucharest has gone through a variety of changes , becoming the state capital of Romania in 1862 and steadily consolidating
eos By European standards Bucharest is not an old city , Bucharest existence first being referred to by scholars as late as 1459 . Since then Bucharest has gone through a variety of changes , becoming the state capital of Romania in 1862 and steadily consolidating Bucharest position as the centre of the Romanian mass media , culture and arts .
eos Since then Bucharest has gone through a variety of changes , becoming the state capital of Romania in 1862 and steadily consolidating Bucharest position as the centre of the Romanian mass media , culture and arts . Bucharest eclectic architecture is a mix of historical , interbellum , Communist - era , and modern . In the period between the two World Wars , Bucharest elegant architecture and the sophistication of
eos Since then Bucharest has gone through a variety of changes , becoming the state capital of Romania in 1862 and steadily consolidating Bucharest position as the centre of the Romanian mass media , culture and arts . Bucharest eclectic architecture is a mix of historical , interbellum , Communist - era , and modern . In the period between the two World Wars , Bucharest elegant architecture and the sophistication of Bucharest elite earned
eos Since then Bucharest has gone through a variety of changes , becoming the state capital of Romania in 1862 and steadily consolidating Bucharest position as the centre of the Romanian mass media , culture and arts . Bucharest eclectic architecture is a mix of historical , interbellum , Communist - era , and modern . In the period between the two World Wars ,
eos In the period between the two World Wars , Bucharest elegant architecture and the sophistication of Bucharest elite earned Bucharest the nickname of the ` ` Paris of the East '' or ` ` Little Paris '' ( Micul Paris ) . Although many buildings and districts in the historic centre were damaged or destroyed by war , earthquakes and Nicolae Ceauşescu 's program of systematization , much survived . In recent years ,
eos Although many buildings and districts in the historic centre were damaged or destroyed by war , earthquakes and Nicolae Ceauşescu 's program of systematization , much survived . In recent years , Bucharest has been experiencing an economic and cultural boom . According to the 2002 census ,
eos According to the 2002 census , Bucharest has a population of 1,921,751 . There are approximately 2.3 million inhabitants in the greater metropolitan area . Economically ,
eos There are approximately 2.3 million inhabitants in the greater metropolitan area . Economically , Bucharest is by far the most prosperous in Romania and Bucharest is one of the main industrial centres and transportation hubs of Eastern Europe . As the most important city in Romania ,
eos Economically , Bucharest is by far the most prosperous in Romania and Bucharest is one of the main industrial centres and transportation hubs of Eastern Europe . As the most important city in Romania , Bucharest also has a broad range of educational facilities .
eos 
eos Buenos_Aires ( "" English : Fair Winds "" ; originally "" Spanish : Ciudad de la Santísima Trinidad y Puerto de Santa María de los Buenos Aires "" , ` ` City of the Most Holy Trinity and Port of Saint Mary of the Fair Winds '' ; pronounced "" IPA : "" ˈbwenɔs ˈajɾɛs "" "" ) is the capital of Argentina and its largest city and port .
eos Buenos_Aires ( "" English : Fair Winds "" ; originally "" Spanish : Ciudad de la Santísima Trinidad y Puerto de Santa María de los Buenos Aires "" , ` ` City of the Most Holy Trinity and Port of Saint Mary of the Fair Winds '' ; pronounced "" IPA : "" ˈbwenɔs ˈajɾɛs "" "" ) is the capital of Argentina and its largest city and port . Buenos_Aires is located on the southern shore of the Río de la Plata , on the southeastern coast of the South American continent , opposite Colonia del Sacramento , Uruguay , at 34 ° 40 'S , 58 ° 24 ' W ( -34.667 , -58.40 ) . Strongly influenced by European culture ,
eos Buenos_Aires is located on the southern shore of the Río de la Plata , on the southeastern coast of the South American continent , opposite Colonia del Sacramento , Uruguay , at 34 ° 40 'S , 58 ° 24 ' W ( -34.667 , -58.40 ) . Strongly influenced by European culture , Buenos_Aires is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Paris of the South '' or ` ` Paris of South America '' .
eos Buenos_Aires is located on the southern shore of the Río de la Plata , on the southeastern coast of the South American continent , opposite Colonia del Sacramento , Uruguay , at 34 ° 40 'S , 58 ° 24 ' W ( -34.667 , -58.40 ) . Strongly influenced by European culture , Buenos_Aires is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Paris of the South '' or ` ` Paris of South America '' . Buenos_Aires is one of the most sophisticated cities in Latin America , renowned for
eos Strongly influenced by European culture , Buenos_Aires is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Paris of the South '' or ` ` Paris of South America '' . Buenos_Aires is one of the most sophisticated cities in Latin America , renowned for Buenos_Aires architecture , night life , and cultural activities .
eos Buenos_Aires is one of the most sophisticated cities in Latin America , renowned for Buenos_Aires architecture , night life , and cultural activities . Buenos_Aires is also among the wealthiest cities in Latin America , housing an extensive middle - class and number of residents who have Higher Education . After the internal conflicts of the 19th century ,
eos Buenos_Aires is one of the most sophisticated cities in Latin America , renowned for Buenos_Aires architecture , night life , and cultural activities . Buenos_Aires is also among the wealthiest cities in Latin America , housing an extensive middle - class and number of residents who have Higher Education . After the internal conflicts of the 19th century , Buenos_Aires was federalised and removed from Buenos Aires Province ;
eos Buenos_Aires is also among the wealthiest cities in Latin America , housing an extensive middle - class and number of residents who have Higher Education . After the internal conflicts of the 19th century , Buenos_Aires was federalised and removed from Buenos Aires Province ; Buenos_Aires city limits were enlarged to include the former towns of Belgrano and Flores - both are now neighbourhoods in
eos After the internal conflicts of the 19th century , Buenos_Aires was federalised and removed from Buenos Aires Province ; Buenos_Aires city limits were enlarged to include the former towns of Belgrano and Flores - both are now neighbourhoods in Buenos_Aires . Argentines sometimes refer to
eos After the internal conflicts of the 19th century , Buenos_Aires was federalised and removed from Buenos Aires Province ; Buenos_Aires city limits were enlarged to include the former towns of Belgrano and Flores - both are now neighbourhoods in Buenos_Aires . Argentines sometimes refer to Buenos_Aires as Capital Federal to differentiate
eos both are now neighbourhoods in Buenos_Aires . Argentines sometimes refer to Buenos_Aires as Capital Federal to differentiate Buenos_Aires from the province of the same name . In the 1994 constitution ,
eos both are now neighbourhoods in Buenos_Aires . Argentines sometimes refer to Buenos_Aires as Capital Federal to differentiate Buenos_Aires from the province of the same name . In the 1994 constitution , Buenos_Aires was declared an autonomous city , hence
eos 
eos Bujumbura is the capital city of Burundi .
eos Bujumbura is Burundi 's largest city and its administrative , communications , and economic center . Manufactures include textiles , and soap .
eos Manufactures include textiles , and soap . Bujumbura is Burundi 's main port and Bujumbura ships most of the country 's chief export , coffee , as well as cotton , skins , and tin ore .
eos 
eos ( "" Arabic transliteration : al - Qāhirah "" ) , It comes from the arabic word ` ` قاهرة '' means ` ` Triumphant '' ,
eos , It comes from the arabic word ` ` قاهرة '' means ` ` Triumphant '' , Cairo is the capital city of Egypt ( previously the United Arab Republic ) .
eos , Cairo is the capital city of Egypt ( previously the United Arab Republic ) . Cairo has a metropolitan area population of approximately 15.2 million people .
eos Cairo has a metropolitan area population of approximately 15.2 million people . Cairo is the seventeenth most populous metropolitan area in the world ( the 10th according to 2004 statistics ) .
eos Cairo is the seventeenth most populous metropolitan area in the world ( the 10th according to 2004 statistics ) . Cairo is also the most populous metropolitan area and the most populous city in Africa .
eos Cairo is also the most populous metropolitan area and the most populous city in Africa . Cairo is located at 30 ° 2 ' North , 31 ° 13 ' East ( 30.03333 , 31.21667 ) . While al - Qāhirah is the official name of
eos Cairo is also the most populous metropolitan area and the most populous city in Africa . Cairo is located at 30 ° 2 ' North , 31 ° 13 ' East ( 30.03333 , 31.21667 ) . While al - Qāhirah is the official name of Cairo , in local speech
eos 
eos Calgary is the largest city in the province of Alberta , Canada .
eos Calgary is the largest city in the province of Alberta , Canada . Calgary is in the south of the province , in a region of foothills and high plains , approximately 80 km east of the front ranges of the Canadian Rockies .
eos Calgary is in the south of the province , in a region of foothills and high plains , approximately 80 km east of the front ranges of the Canadian Rockies . Calgary is the third largest civic municipality , by population , in Canada . As of april 2006 ,
eos As of april 2006 , Calgary population was 991,759 . The estimated metropolitan population ( CMA ) was 1,060,300 in 2005 ( see Calgary Region ) , making Greater Calgary the fifth largest Census Metropolitan Area in the country .
eos The estimated metropolitan population ( CMA ) was 1,060,300 in 2005 ( see Calgary Region ) , making Greater Calgary the fifth largest Census Metropolitan Area in the country . Calgary is located within the relatively densely populated ` ` Calgary - Edmonton Corridor '' .
eos Calgary is located within the relatively densely populated ` ` Calgary - Edmonton Corridor '' . Calgary is the largest Canadian metropolitan area between Toronto and Vancouver . A resident of
eos Calgary is the largest Canadian metropolitan area between Toronto and Vancouver . A resident of Calgary is known as a Calgarian .
eos Calgary is the largest Canadian metropolitan area between Toronto and Vancouver . A resident of Calgary is known as a Calgarian . Calgary is well - known as a destination for winter sports and ecotourism with a number of major mountain resorts near
eos A resident of Calgary is known as a Calgarian . Calgary is well - known as a destination for winter sports and ecotourism with a number of major mountain resorts near Calgary and metropolitan area .
eos A resident of Calgary is known as a Calgarian . Calgary is well - known as a destination for winter sports and ecotourism with a number of major mountain resorts near Calgary and metropolitan area . Calgary economy is mostly centred on the petroleum industry ( see Canadian Oil Patch ) , however agriculture , tourism , and the high - tech industries also contribute to
eos Calgary is well - known as a destination for winter sports and ecotourism with a number of major mountain resorts near Calgary and metropolitan area . Calgary economy is mostly centred on the petroleum industry ( see Canadian Oil Patch ) , however agriculture , tourism , and the high - tech industries also contribute to Calgary fast economic growth .
eos Calgary economy is mostly centred on the petroleum industry ( see Canadian Oil Patch ) , however agriculture , tourism , and the high - tech industries also contribute to Calgary fast economic growth . Calgary also holds many major annual festivals , including the Calgary Stampede , the Folk Music Festival , the Lilac Festival , One World Festival ( GlobalFest ) , and the second largest Caribbean festival in the country ( Carifest ) . In 1988 ,
eos 
eos Canberra is the capital city of Australia and with a population of just over 325,000 people , Canberra is Australia 's largest inland city .
eos Canberra is the capital city of Australia and with a population of just over 325,000 people , Canberra is Australia 's largest inland city . Canberra is located at the northern end of the Australian Capital Territory , 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) southwest of Sydney , and 650 kilometres ( 400 mi ) north - east of Melbourne . The site of
eos Canberra is located at the northern end of the Australian Capital Territory , 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) southwest of Sydney , and 650 kilometres ( 400 mi ) north - east of Melbourne . The site of Canberra was selected for the location of the nation 's capital in 1908 as a compromise between Sydney and Melbourne , the two largest cities .
eos The site of Canberra was selected for the location of the nation 's capital in 1908 as a compromise between Sydney and Melbourne , the two largest cities . Canberra is unusual among Australian cities as an entirely purpose - built , planned city . Following an international contest for
eos Canberra is unusual among Australian cities as an entirely purpose - built , planned city . Following an international contest for Canberra design , a design by Chicago architect Walter Burley Griffin was selected and construction commenced in 1913 .
eos Canberra is unusual among Australian cities as an entirely purpose - built , planned city . Following an international contest for Canberra design , a design by Chicago architect Walter Burley Griffin was selected and construction commenced in 1913 . Canberra design was heavily influenced by the garden city movement and incorporates significant areas of natural vegetation that have earned
eos Following an international contest for Canberra design , a design by Chicago architect Walter Burley Griffin was selected and construction commenced in 1913 . Canberra design was heavily influenced by the garden city movement and incorporates significant areas of natural vegetation that have earned Canberra the title ` ` bush capital '' . Although the growth and development of Canberra was hindered by the World Wars and the Great Depression ,
eos Following an international contest for Canberra design , a design by Chicago architect Walter Burley Griffin was selected and construction commenced in 1913 . Canberra design was heavily influenced by the garden city movement and incorporates significant areas of natural vegetation that have earned Canberra the title ` ` bush capital '' . Although the growth and development of
eos Canberra design was heavily influenced by the garden city movement and incorporates significant areas of natural vegetation that have earned Canberra the title ` ` bush capital '' . Although the growth and development of Canberra was hindered by the World Wars and the Great Depression , Canberra emerged as a thriving city after World War II . As the seat of the government of Australia ,
eos Although the growth and development of Canberra was hindered by the World Wars and the Great Depression , Canberra emerged as a thriving city after World War II . As the seat of the government of Australia , Canberra is the site of Parliament House , the High Court of Australia and numerous government departments and agencies .
eos As the seat of the government of Australia , Canberra is the site of Parliament House , the High Court of Australia and numerous government departments and agencies . Canberra is also the location of several social and cultural institutions of national significance . The federal government contributes the largest percentage of Gross State Product and is the largest employer in
eos Canberra is also the location of several social and cultural institutions of national significance . The federal government contributes the largest percentage of Gross State Product and is the largest employer in Canberra .
eos The federal government contributes the largest percentage of Gross State Product and is the largest employer in Canberra . Canberra is also a popular destination for domestic and international tourists . Most Australians pronounce
eos 
eos Kaapstad / ˈkɑːpstɑt / ; Xhosa : iKapa ) is the third most populous city in South Africa , forming part of the metropolitan municipality of the City of Cape Town .
eos ; Xhosa : iKapa ) is the third most populous city in South Africa , forming part of the metropolitan municipality of the City of Cape Town . Cape_Town is the provincial capital of the Western Cape , as well as the legislative capital of South Africa , where the National Parliament and many government offices are located .
eos ; Xhosa : iKapa ) is the third most populous city in South Africa , forming part of the metropolitan municipality of the City of Cape Town . Cape_Town is the provincial capital of the Western Cape , as well as the legislative capital of South Africa , where the National Parliament and many government offices are located . Cape_Town is famous for
eos ; Xhosa : iKapa ) is the third most populous city in South Africa , forming part of the metropolitan municipality of the City of Cape Town . Cape_Town is the provincial capital of the Western Cape , as well as the legislative capital of South Africa , where the National Parliament and many government offices are located . Cape_Town is famous for Cape_Town harbour as well as
eos Cape_Town is the provincial capital of the Western Cape , as well as the legislative capital of South Africa , where the National Parliament and many government offices are located . Cape_Town is famous for Cape_Town harbour as well as Cape_Town natural setting in the Cape floral kingdom , including such well - known landmarks as Table Mountain and Cape Point . Often regarded as one of the world 's most beautiful cities because of
eos Cape_Town is the provincial capital of the Western Cape , as well as the legislative capital of South Africa , where the National Parliament and many government offices are located . Cape_Town is famous for Cape_Town harbour as well as Cape_Town natural setting in the Cape floral kingdom , including such well - known landmarks as Table Mountain and Cape Point . Often regarded as one of the world 's most beautiful cities because of Cape_Town geography ,
eos Cape_Town is famous for Cape_Town harbour as well as Cape_Town natural setting in the Cape floral kingdom , including such well - known landmarks as Table Mountain and Cape Point . Often regarded as one of the world 's most beautiful cities because of Cape_Town geography , Cape_Town is the most popular South African destination for tourism .
eos Cape_Town originally developed as a victualling station for Dutch ships sailing to Eastern Africa , India , and Asia . Jan van Riebeeck 's arrival on 6 april 1652 established the first permanent European settlement in sub - Saharan Africa . Cape_Town quickly outgrew
eos Cape_Town originally developed as a victualling station for Dutch ships sailing to Eastern Africa , India , and Asia . Jan van Riebeeck 's arrival on 6 april 1652 established the first permanent European settlement in sub - Saharan Africa .
eos Jan van Riebeeck 's arrival on 6 april 1652 established the first permanent European settlement in sub - Saharan Africa . Cape_Town quickly outgrew Cape_Town original purpose as the first European outpost at the Castle of Good Hope .
eos Cape_Town quickly outgrew Cape_Town original purpose as the first European outpost at the Castle of Good Hope . Cape_Town was the largest city in South Africa until the growth of Johannesburg and Durban . According to the 2001 Census ,
eos Cape_Town was the largest city in South Africa until the growth of Johannesburg and Durban . According to the 2001 Census , Cape_Town has a population of 2.9 million .
eos 
eos Caracas ( pron . IPA "" IPA : "" ka ` ɾakas "" "" ) is the capital of Venezuela .
eos The valley 's temperatures are springlike , and the urbanizable terrain of the Caracas Valley lies between 2,500 and 3,000 ft ( 760 and 910 m ) above sea level . The Valley is close to the Caribbean Sea , separated from the coast by a steep mountain range ( Cerro Ívila ) that rises above 7400 ft ( 2200 m ) ; to the south lies further hills and mountains . The historic center of
eos The historic center of Caracas , known as the Libertador District , had an estimated population of 2.1 million in 2005 . In that same year , the official metropolitan area had an estimated population of 3.3 million . Distrito Capital ( Capital District ) is the name of
eos In that same year , the official metropolitan area had an estimated population of 3.3 million . Distrito Capital ( Capital District ) is the name of Caracas primary seat , covering part of Miranda State . The population of
eos 
eos Casablanca ( Spanish for ` ` white house '' ; Standard Arabic : الدار البيضاء transliterated ad - Dār al - Bayḍā ; Moroccan Arabic : dar beïda ) is a city in western Morocco , located on the Atlantic Ocean .
eos Standard Arabic : الدار البيضاء transliterated ad - Dār al - Bayḍā ; Moroccan Arabic : dar beïda ) is a city in western Morocco , located on the Atlantic Ocean . Casablanca is the capital of the Grand Casablanca region . With a population of 3.5 million ( september 2004 census ) ,
eos Casablanca is the capital of the Grand Casablanca region . With a population of 3.5 million ( september 2004 census ) , Casablanca is Morocco 's largest city as well as its chief port , and Casablanca is thus considered its economic capital , while its political capital is Rabat .
eos 
eos Castries , population 11 147 ( 1991 ) , is the capital city of Saint Lucia , a country in the West Indies .
eos Castries , population 11 147 ( 1991 ) , is the capital city of Saint Lucia , a country in the West Indies . Castries is located at 14 ° 1 ` N , 60 ° 59 ` W. The main post office is located in
eos 
eos Chennai pronunciation ( "" Tamil : செனுனை "" ) , formerly known as Madras pronunciation , is the capital of the state of Tamil Nadu and Chennai is India 's fourth largest metropolitan city .
eos Chennai pronunciation ( "" Tamil : செனுனை "" ) , formerly known as Madras pronunciation , is the capital of the state of Tamil Nadu and Chennai is India 's fourth largest metropolitan city . Chennai is located on the Coromandel Coast of the Bay of Bengal . With an estimated population of 6.96 million ( 2006 ) ,
eos Chennai is located on the Coromandel Coast of the Bay of Bengal . With an estimated population of 6.96 million ( 2006 ) , Chennai is the 34th largest metropolitan area in the world .
eos Chennai is located on the Coromandel Coast of the Bay of Bengal . With an estimated population of 6.96 million ( 2006 ) , Chennai is the 34th largest metropolitan area in the world . Chennai is a large commercial and industrial centre , and Chennai is known for
eos With an estimated population of 6.96 million ( 2006 ) , Chennai is the 34th largest metropolitan area in the world . Chennai is a large commercial and industrial centre , and Chennai is known for Chennai cultural heritage and temple architecture .
eos Chennai is a large commercial and industrial centre , and Chennai is known for Chennai cultural heritage and temple architecture . Chennai is also a hub for south Indian classical music and dance performances .
eos Chennai is also a hub for south Indian classical music and dance performances . Chennai is considered the automobile capital of India , with a major percentage of the automobile industry having a base here and a major portion of the nation 's vehicles being produced here . This has led to
eos Chennai is considered the automobile capital of India , with a major percentage of the automobile industry having a base here and a major portion of the nation 's vehicles being produced here . This has led to Chennai being referred to as the Detroit of South Asia .
eos This has led to Chennai being referred to as the Detroit of South Asia . Chennai has also become a major centre for outsourced jobs from the West . The 12-kilometre long Marina Beach forms
eos Chennai has also become a major centre for outsourced jobs from the West . The 12-kilometre long Marina Beach forms Chennai east coast and is one of the longest beaches in the world .
eos Chennai has also become a major centre for outsourced jobs from the West . The 12-kilometre long Marina Beach forms Chennai east coast and is one of the longest beaches in the world . Chennai is known for
eos The 12-kilometre long Marina Beach forms Chennai east coast and is one of the longest beaches in the world . Chennai is known for Chennai sport venues and Chennai hosts an ATP tennis event , the Chennai Open .
eos The 12-kilometre long Marina Beach forms Chennai east coast and is one of the longest beaches in the world . Chennai is known for Chennai sport venues and Chennai hosts an ATP tennis event , the Chennai Open . Chennai is also one of the rare cities to accommodate a national park , the Guindy National Park , within
eos 
eos Colombo ( කොළඹ in Sinhala ; கொழுமுபு in Tamil ) is the largest city and commercial capital of Sri Lanka , located on the southwest coast adjacent to the present administrative capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . The name Colombo is derived from the Sinhala name Kola - amba - thota which means ` ` harbour with leafy mango trees '' . Traveller Ibn Batuta in the 14th century referred to
eos 
eos Conakry ( also Konakry , Malinké Kɔnakiri ) , population 2,000,000 ( 2002 ) , is the capital of Guinea .
eos Conakry ( also Konakry , Malinké Kɔnakiri ) , population 2,000,000 ( 2002 ) , is the capital of Guinea . Conakry is a port on the Atlantic Ocean .
eos 
eos Copenhagen ( "" IPA : kəʊpənˈheɪgən "" , rhyming with pagan ( the way the Danes themselves pronounce the name of
eos "" IPA : købn̩ˈhaʊˀn "" ) is the capital of Denmark and the country 's largest city ( metropolitan population 1,211,542 ( 2006 ) ) , at present made up of 16 municipalities . It is also the name of the adjacent county .
eos It is also the name of the adjacent county . Copenhagen is the seat of the national parliament , the government , and the monarchy . The original designation for
eos Copenhagen is the seat of the national parliament , the government , and the monarchy . The original designation for Copenhagen , from which the contemporary Danish name is derived , was Kjøbmandehavn , ` ` merchants ' harbor '' . The English name for
eos Copenhagen is the seat of the national parliament , the government , and the monarchy . The original designation for Copenhagen , from which the contemporary Danish name is derived , was Kjøbmandehavn , ` ` merchants ' harbor '' . The English name for Copenhagen is derived from
eos The original designation for Copenhagen , from which the contemporary Danish name is derived , was Kjøbmandehavn , ` ` merchants ' harbor '' . The English name for Copenhagen is derived from Copenhagen German name , Kopenhagen . The element hafnium is named after
eos 
eos Dakar is the capital city of Senegal , located on the Cape Verde Peninsula , on the country 's Atlantic coast .
eos Dakar is the capital city of Senegal , located on the Cape Verde Peninsula , on the country 's Atlantic coast . Dakar position , on the western edge of Africa (
eos Dakar is the capital city of Senegal , located on the Cape Verde Peninsula , on the country 's Atlantic coast . Dakar position , on the western edge of Africa ( Dakar is the westernmost African city ) , is an advantageous departure point for trans - Atlantic and European trade ; this fact aided
eos Dakar is the capital city of Senegal , located on the Cape Verde Peninsula , on the country 's Atlantic coast . Dakar position , on the western edge of Africa ( Dakar is the westernmost African city ) , is an advantageous departure point for trans - Atlantic and European trade ; this fact aided Dakar growth into a major regional port . In 2005 the population of the metropolitan area was estimated at 2.4 million people , of which about 1 million live in
eos Dakar position , on the western edge of Africa ( Dakar is the westernmost African city ) , is an advantageous departure point for trans - Atlantic and European trade ; this fact aided Dakar growth into a major regional port . In 2005 the population of the metropolitan area was estimated at 2.4 million people , of which about 1 million live in Dakar .
eos 
eos Damascus ( "" Arabic : دمشق "" "" Arabic transliteration : Dimashq "" Also commonly : الشام ash - Shām ) is the largest city and capital of Syria .
eos Also commonly : الشام ash - Shām ) is the largest city and capital of Syria . Damascus is thought to be one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world ( see : ancient history ) , before Al Fayyum , and Gaziantep .
eos Damascus is thought to be one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world ( see : ancient history ) , before Al Fayyum , and Gaziantep . Damascus current population is estimated at about 4.5 million .
eos 
eos Dangriga , formerly known as Stann Creek Town , is a town in the south of the nation of Belize , at the mouth of the river of Stann Creek on the Caribbean Sea .
eos Dangriga , formerly known as Stann Creek Town , is a town in the south of the nation of Belize , at the mouth of the river of Stann Creek on the Caribbean Sea . Dangriga is the capital of Belize 's Stann Creek District .
eos Dangriga is the capital of Belize 's Stann Creek District . Dangriga was long the second largest population center in the country behind Belize City , but in recent years Dangriga has been surpassed by Orange Walk Town .
eos Dangriga was long the second largest population center in the country behind Belize City , but in recent years Dangriga has been surpassed by Orange Walk Town . Dangriga has some 9,100 people . In Belize
eos Dangriga was long the second largest population center in the country behind Belize City , but in recent years Dangriga has been surpassed by Orange Walk Town . Dangriga has some 9,100 people . In Belize Dangriga has gained the nickname ` ` The Culture Capital '' for
eos Dangriga has some 9,100 people . In Belize Dangriga has gained the nickname ` ` The Culture Capital '' for Dangriga mix of diverse peoples and cultures , being the home of some of Belize 's most innovative musical forms and sporting activities .
eos National Capital Territory of Delhi ( NCT ) pronunciation , which is a special union territory jointly administered by the Central government , the NCT elected government and three municipal corporations .
eos National Capital Territory of Delhi ( NCT ) pronunciation , which is a special union territory jointly administered by the Central government , the NCT elected government and three municipal corporations . Delhi and the National Capital Territory of Delhi are coextensive and for most practical purposes they are considered to be the same entity . New Delhi , an urban area within
eos Delhi and the National Capital Territory of Delhi are coextensive and for most practical purposes they are considered to be the same entity . New Delhi , an urban area within Delhi , is the seat of the Government of India .
eos New Delhi , an urban area within Delhi , is the seat of the Government of India . Delhi is the seventh most populous metropolis in the world with a population of 15.3 million ( 2005 figure ) .
eos Delhi is the seventh most populous metropolis in the world with a population of 15.3 million ( 2005 figure ) . Delhi metropolitan area , informally known as the National Capital Region ( NCR ) , comprises of the NCT and the neighbouring satellite towns of Faridabad and Gurgaon in Haryana , and Noida and Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh making it the sixth most populous agglomeration in the world , with an estimated population of 19.7 million .
eos Delhi metropolitan area , informally known as the National Capital Region ( NCR ) , comprises of the NCT and the neighbouring satellite towns of Faridabad and Gurgaon in Haryana , and Noida and Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh making it the sixth most populous agglomeration in the world , with an estimated population of 19.7 million . Delhi has a vibrant history .
eos Delhi has a vibrant history . Delhi was the capital of several empires in ancient India and Delhi has over 60,000 recognized monuments built over several millennia . Delhi derives Delhi historic importance from
eos Delhi has a vibrant history . Delhi was the capital of several empires in ancient India and Delhi has over 60,000 recognized monuments built over several millennia . Delhi derives Delhi historic importance from Delhi position in northern India between the Aravalli Hills to the southwest and the Yamuna river on whose western banks
eos Delhi has a vibrant history . Delhi was the capital of several empires in ancient India and Delhi has over 60,000 recognized monuments built over several millennia .
eos Delhi has a vibrant history . Delhi was the capital of several empires in ancient India and Delhi has over 60,000 recognized monuments built over several millennia . Delhi derives
eos Delhi was the capital of several empires in ancient India and Delhi has over 60,000 recognized monuments built over several millennia . Delhi derives Delhi historic importance from Delhi position in northern India between the Aravalli Hills to the southwest and the Yamuna river on whose western banks Delhi stands . This enabled
eos Delhi derives Delhi historic importance from Delhi position in northern India between the Aravalli Hills to the southwest and the Yamuna river on whose western banks Delhi stands . This enabled Delhi to dominate the old trade routes from northwest India to the plains of the Ganges . As a result ,
eos This enabled Delhi to dominate the old trade routes from northwest India to the plains of the Ganges . As a result , Delhi has long been an important cultural , political , and intellectual centre . Due to a high migration rate ,
eos As a result , Delhi has long been an important cultural , political , and intellectual centre . Due to a high migration rate , Delhi registers as one of the fastest growing cities in Asia . As a consequence ,
eos 
eos Dhaka ( previously Dacca ; Bangla : ঢাকা āhaka ; "" IPA : ɖʱaka "" ) is the capital of Bangladesh and the Dhaka District . Located on the banks of the Buriganga River ,
eos Dhaka ( previously Dacca ; Bangla : ঢাকা āhaka ; "" IPA : ɖʱaka "" ) is the capital of Bangladesh and the Dhaka District . Located on the banks of the Buriganga River , Dhaka and its metropolitan area have a population of 11 million , making
eos "" IPA : ɖʱaka "" ) is the capital of Bangladesh and the Dhaka District . Located on the banks of the Buriganga River , Dhaka and its metropolitan area have a population of 11 million , making Dhaka the largest city in Bangladesh and one of the most populous cities in the world . Under Mughal rule ,
eos Located on the banks of the Buriganga River , Dhaka and its metropolitan area have a population of 11 million , making Dhaka the largest city in Bangladesh and one of the most populous cities in the world . Under Mughal rule , Dhaka was also known as Jahangir Nagar .
eos Under Mughal rule , Dhaka was also known as Jahangir Nagar . Dhaka was largely developed by British authorities and Dhaka soon became the second - largest city in Bengal after Kolkata . With the partition of India ,
eos Dhaka was largely developed by British authorities and Dhaka soon became the second - largest city in Bengal after Kolkata . With the partition of India , Dhaka became the administrative capital of East Pakistan before becoming the capital of an independent Bangladesh in 1972 . During this period
eos With the partition of India , Dhaka became the administrative capital of East Pakistan before becoming the capital of an independent Bangladesh in 1972 . During this period Dhaka witnessed extensive political turmoil , including many periods of martial law , the declaration of Bangladesh 's independence , military suppression and devastation from war and natural calamities .
eos During this period Dhaka witnessed extensive political turmoil , including many periods of martial law , the declaration of Bangladesh 's independence , military suppression and devastation from war and natural calamities . Dhaka is the centre of political , cultural and economic life in Bangladesh , enjoying the highest literacy rate amongst other Bangladeshi cities and a diverse economy . While the urban infrastructure is the most developed in the country ,
eos Dhaka is the centre of political , cultural and economic life in Bangladesh , enjoying the highest literacy rate amongst other Bangladeshi cities and a diverse economy . While the urban infrastructure is the most developed in the country , Dhaka suffers from severe challenges such as pollution , congestion , supply shortages , poverty and crime . In recent decades
eos While the urban infrastructure is the most developed in the country , Dhaka suffers from severe challenges such as pollution , congestion , supply shortages , poverty and crime . In recent decades Dhaka has seen a modernisation of transport , communications and public works .
eos 
eos Dodoma "" translation : ` ` It has sunk '' "" , population 324,347 ( 2002 census ) , is the national capital of Tanzania , third biggest city in the country , and also the capital of the Dodoma region . In 1973 , plans were made to move the capital to
eos 
eos Doha ( Arabic : الدوحة ; , Ad - Dawḥah or Ad - Dōḥah ) , population 400,051 ( 2005 census ) , is the capital of Qatar , and Doha is at 25.3 N 51.5333 E , on the Persian Gulf .
eos ( Arabic : الدوحة ; , Ad - Dawḥah or Ad - Dōḥah ) , population 400,051 ( 2005 census ) , is the capital of Qatar , and Doha is at 25.3 N 51.5333 E , on the Persian Gulf . Doha is located in the Ad Dawhah municipality , sometimes also known as the capital municipality .
eos ( Arabic : الدوحة ; , Ad - Dawḥah or Ad - Dōḥah ) , population 400,051 ( 2005 census ) , is the capital of Qatar , and Doha is at 25.3 N 51.5333 E , on the Persian Gulf . Doha is located in the Ad Dawhah municipality , sometimes also known as the capital municipality . Doha is Qatar 's largest city , with over 80 % of the population residing in
eos ( Arabic : الدوحة ; , Ad - Dawḥah or Ad - Dōḥah ) , population 400,051 ( 2005 census ) , is the capital of Qatar , and Doha is at 25.3 N 51.5333 E , on the Persian Gulf . Doha is located in the Ad Dawhah municipality , sometimes also known as the capital municipality . Doha is Qatar 's largest city , with over 80 % of the population residing in Doha or
eos Doha is located in the Ad Dawhah municipality , sometimes also known as the capital municipality . Doha is Qatar 's largest city , with over 80 % of the population residing in Doha or Doha suburbs , and Doha is the economic centre of the country .
eos Doha is Qatar 's largest city , with over 80 % of the population residing in Doha or Doha suburbs , and Doha is the economic centre of the country . Doha is home to the Education City , an area devoted to research and education . Doha is currently preparing for the 2006 Asian Games , which are set to be held in
eos Doha is Qatar 's largest city , with over 80 % of the population residing in Doha or Doha suburbs , and Doha is the economic centre of the country . Doha is home to the Education City , an area devoted to research and education .
eos 
eos Douala is the largest city in Cameroon and the capital of Cameroon 's Littoral Province . Home to Cameroon 's largest port and its major international airport , Douala Airport ,
eos Douala is the largest city in Cameroon and the capital of Cameroon 's Littoral Province . Home to Cameroon 's largest port and its major international airport , Douala Airport , Douala is the commercial capital of the country . Conseqeuently ,
eos Home to Cameroon 's largest port and its major international airport , Douala Airport , Douala is the commercial capital of the country . Conseqeuently , Douala handles most of the country 's major exports , such as oil , cocoa and coffee , as well as trade to or from Chad .
eos 
eos ( "" Irish : Baile Ítha Cliath "" ) is the capital and the largest city of the Republic of Ireland , located near the midpoint of Ireland 's east coast , at the mouth of the River Liffey and Dublin forms the centre of the Dublin Region . Originally founded as a centre of Viking settlement ,
eos Baile Ítha Cliath "" ) is the capital and the largest city of the Republic of Ireland , located near the midpoint of Ireland 's east coast , at the mouth of the River Liffey and Dublin forms the centre of the Dublin Region . Originally founded as a centre of Viking settlement , Dublin has been Ireland 's capital city since mediæval times .
eos However , when most people talk about ` Dublin ' , they also refer to the contiguous suburban areas that run into the adjacent counties of Dun Laoghaire - Rathdown , Fingal and South Dublin . This area is sometimes known as ` Urban Dublin ' or the ` Dublin Metropolitan Area ' . The population within
eos The population within Dublin ( i.e. the administrative area controlled by Dublin City Council ) was 505,739 at the census of 2006 . Beyond this , at the same census the Dublin Region population was 1,186,159 , whilst the Greater Dublin Area had a figure of 1,661,185 . A person from
eos Beyond this , at the same census the Dublin Region population was 1,186,159 , whilst the Greater Dublin Area had a figure of 1,661,185 . A person from Dublin is known as a Dubliner or a Dub . In a 2003 survey ,
eos 
eos Dushanbe ( Tajik : Душанбе , دوشنبه ) , population 562,000 people ( 2000 census ) , is the capital of Tajikistan . The name is derived from the Persian word for ` ` Monday '' ( du ` ` two '' + shamba or shanbe ` ` day '' , lit . ` ` day two '' ) and refers to the fact that
eos ( Tajik : Душанбе , دوشنبه ) , population 562,000 people ( 2000 census ) , is the capital of Tajikistan . The name is derived from the Persian word for ` ` Monday '' ( du ` ` two '' + shamba or shanbe ` ` day '' , lit . ` ` day two '' ) and refers to the fact that Dushanbe was a popular Monday marketplace .
eos 
eos Faisalabad ( Urdu : ِیصل آباد ) is located in Punjab , Pakistan .
eos Faisalabad ( Urdu : ِیصل آباد ) is located in Punjab , Pakistan . Faisalabad is the third largest city in Pakistan with an estimated 2006 population of 2.6 million (
eos Faisalabad is the third largest city in Pakistan with an estimated 2006 population of 2.6 million ( Faisalabad ) . The entire district had a population of about 5.4 million in 1998 .
eos 
eos Freetown , population 1,070,200 ( 2004 ) , is the largest city and capital of Sierra Leone , lying on the Freetown Peninsula on the Atlantic coast .
eos Freetown , population 1,070,200 ( 2004 ) , is the largest city and capital of Sierra Leone , lying on the Freetown Peninsula on the Atlantic coast . Freetown is a port on the Atlantic Ocean .
eos Freetown , population 1,070,200 ( 2004 ) , is the largest city and capital of Sierra Leone , lying on the Freetown Peninsula on the Atlantic coast . Freetown is a port on the Atlantic Ocean . Freetown economy revolves largely around
eos 
eos Funafuti is the capital of the small island nation of Tuvalu .
eos Funafuti is the capital of the small island nation of Tuvalu . Funafuti has a population of 4,492 ( 2002 Census ) , making
eos Funafuti is the capital of the small island nation of Tuvalu . Funafuti has a population of 4,492 ( 2002 Census ) , making Funafuti the most populated atoll in this country .
eos Funafuti is a narrow sweep of land between 20 and 400 meters wide , encircling a large lagoon . There is an airstrip , hotel ( Vaiaku Langi Hotel ) , and administrative buildings , as well as homes , constructed both in the traditional manner , out of palm fronds , and more recently out of cement blocks . The most prominent building on
eos There is an airstrip , hotel ( Vaiaku Langi Hotel ) , and administrative buildings , as well as homes , constructed both in the traditional manner , out of palm fronds , and more recently out of cement blocks . The most prominent building on Funafuti is the Church of Tuvalu . Other sites of interest are the remains of American aircraft that crashed on
eos The most prominent building on Funafuti is the Church of Tuvalu . Other sites of interest are the remains of American aircraft that crashed on Funafuti during World War II , when the airstrip was used by the American forces to defend the Gilbert Islands ( now Kiribati ) . The USA claimed
eos The largest island is Fongafale . On this island , there are four villages , of which one is Vaiaku , where the government is located . The capital of Tuvalu is sometimes given as Fongafale or Vaiaku , but
eos 
eos gɛnf "" / , Italian : Ginevra ) is the second most populous city in Switzerland ( after Zürich ) , and Geneva is the most populous city of Romandy ( the French - speaking part of Switzerland ) .
eos Geneva is situated where Lake Geneva ( French Lac Léman ) flows into the Rhône River , and Geneva is the capital of the Canton of Geneva . The population within the city limits is 185,526 ( 2004 ) and that of the metropolitan area - which extends into France and Vaud - is about 700,000 .
eos The population within the city limits is 185,526 ( 2004 ) and that of the metropolitan area - which extends into France and Vaud - is about 700,000 . Geneva is widely regarded as a global city , mainly due to the presence of numerous international organizations , including the European headquarters of the United Nations . A 2006 survey found
eos Geneva is widely regarded as a global city , mainly due to the presence of numerous international organizations , including the European headquarters of the United Nations . A 2006 survey found Geneva to have the second highest quality of living in the world ( again , after Zürich ) . See Names of European cities in different languages for a list of the name of
eos 
eos Georgetown_Guyana , estimated population 250,000 ( 1998 ) , is the capital and largest city of Guyana , located in the Demerara - Mahaica region .
eos Georgetown_Guyana , estimated population 250,000 ( 1998 ) , is the capital and largest city of Guyana , located in the Demerara - Mahaica region . Georgetown_Guyana is situated on the Atlantic Ocean coast at the mouth of the Demerara River and is nicknamed ` Garden City of the Caribbean . '
eos Georgetown_Guyana , estimated population 250,000 ( 1998 ) , is the capital and largest city of Guyana , located in the Demerara - Mahaica region . Georgetown_Guyana is situated on the Atlantic Ocean coast at the mouth of the Demerara River and is nicknamed ` Garden City of the Caribbean . ' Georgetown_Guyana is located at 6 ° 48 ` N , 58 ° 10 ` W.
eos Georgetown_Guyana is situated on the Atlantic Ocean coast at the mouth of the Demerara River and is nicknamed ` Garden City of the Caribbean . ' Georgetown_Guyana is located at 6 ° 48 ` N , 58 ° 10 ` W. Georgetown_Guyana serves primarily as a retail and administrative centre .
eos 
eos Guatemala_City ( in full , La Nueva Guatemala de la Asunción ; locally known as Guatemala or Guate ) is the capital and largest city of the nation of Guatemala .
eos Guatemala_City ( in full , La Nueva Guatemala de la Asunción ; locally known as Guatemala or Guate ) is the capital and largest city of the nation of Guatemala . Guatemala_City is also the largest city in Central America . Population estimates for
eos Guatemala_City is also the largest city in Central America . Population estimates for Guatemala_City is 2,541,581 .
eos 
eos Guayaquil , or just Guayaquil ( IPA : "" IPA : "" guaʁakʊʟ "" "" ; Spanish : Guayaquil , IPA : "" IPA : "" uaʁakiʟ "" "" ) , is the largest and the most populous city in Ecuador , as well as that nation 's main sea port .
eos "" IPA : "" uaʁakiʟ "" "" ) , is the largest and the most populous city in Ecuador , as well as that nation 's main sea port . Guayaquil is on the west margin of the Guayas River , which flows into the Gulf of Guayaquil in the Pacific Ocean .
eos Guayaquil is on the west margin of the Guayas River , which flows into the Gulf of Guayaquil in the Pacific Ocean . Guayaquil is at 2.21 ° S 79.90 ° W , about 250 km south - southwest of the capital of Ecuador , Quito . According to the most recent census ( 2001 ) ,
eos According to the most recent census ( 2001 ) , Guayaquil population was 2,189,865 . However , the estimated metropolitan population was 2,908,338 .
eos Guayaquil is the capital of the Ecuadorian province of Guayas and the seat of the namesake canton . ( In Ecuador , a cantón ( canton ) is a second - order subnational entity below a first - order province . )
eos ( In Ecuador , a cantón ( canton ) is a second - order subnational entity below a first - order province . ) Guayaquil is the center of Ecuador 's fishing and manufacturing industries .
eos 
eos Gujranwala ( Urdu : گجرانوالہ ) is a city in Punjab , Pakistan with a population of more than 4 million .
eos Gujranwala is located at 32.16 ° North , 74.18 ° East and Gujranwala is 700 feet above sea - level . The division of Gujranwala , with a population of about 11 million has an area of 3198 km ² .
eos The division of Gujranwala , with a population of about 11 million has an area of 3198 km ² . Gujranwala is the 5th largest city in Pakistan .
eos Gujranwala borders with Ghakhar Mandi and some small towns and villages . Punjabi is the local language , however English and Urdu are also common , particularly in schools and offices , as is the case in almost all over Pakistan .
eos Recently , the University of the Punjab 's Gujranwala campus has also started working . Rachna Engineering University Gujranwala now stands fourth best public engineering university in the country . Gujranwala is renowned all over Pakistan for
eos Rachna Engineering University Gujranwala now stands fourth best public engineering university in the country . Gujranwala is renowned all over Pakistan for Gujranwala food , especially Barbecue meat dishes like ` ` Mutton Tikka '' of ` ` Haji Allah Rakha '' . Gujranwala has always been famous for
eos Rachna Engineering University Gujranwala now stands fourth best public engineering university in the country . Gujranwala is renowned all over Pakistan for Gujranwala food , especially Barbecue meat dishes like ` ` Mutton Tikka '' of ` ` Haji Allah Rakha '' . Gujranwala has always been famous for Gujranwala pehlwans ( wrestlers ) which is why
eos Rachna Engineering University Gujranwala now stands fourth best public engineering university in the country . Gujranwala is renowned all over Pakistan for Gujranwala food , especially Barbecue meat dishes like ` ` Mutton Tikka '' of ` ` Haji Allah Rakha '' .
eos 
eos Harare ( pronounced "" IPA : / ` hʌ ɹɑ ' ɹi / "" , formerly Salisbury ) is the capital city of Zimbabwe .
eos Harare ( pronounced "" IPA : / ` hʌ ɹɑ ' ɹi / "" , formerly Salisbury ) is the capital city of Zimbabwe . Harare has an estimated population 1,600,000 , with 2,800,000 in
eos Harare ( pronounced "" IPA : / ` hʌ ɹɑ ' ɹi / "" , formerly Salisbury ) is the capital city of Zimbabwe . Harare has an estimated population 1,600,000 , with 2,800,000 in Harare metropolitan area ( 2006 ) .
eos Harare has an estimated population 1,600,000 , with 2,800,000 in Harare metropolitan area ( 2006 ) . Harare is Zimbabwe 's largest city and its administrative , commercial , and communications centre .
eos Manufactures include textiles , steel , and chemicals . Gold is mined in the area . .
eos Gold is mined in the area . . Harare is at an elevation of 4,865 feet ( 1,483 metres ) and Harare has a temperate climate . Despite the renaming of
eos Harare is at an elevation of 4,865 feet ( 1,483 metres ) and Harare has a temperate climate . Despite the renaming of Harare , some suburbs have retained their European names , such as Warren Park ' D ' , Borrowdale , Mount Pleasant , Tynwald and Avondale . Harare is famous for
eos Harare is at an elevation of 4,865 feet ( 1,483 metres ) and Harare has a temperate climate . Despite the renaming of Harare , some suburbs have retained their European names , such as Warren Park ' D ' , Borrowdale , Mount Pleasant , Tynwald and Avondale .
eos Despite the renaming of Harare , some suburbs have retained their European names , such as Warren Park ' D ' , Borrowdale , Mount Pleasant , Tynwald and Avondale . Harare is famous for Harare beautiful jacaranda - lined streets , especially in the ` ` Avenues '' suburbs to the immediate north of the city centre .
eos 
eos La Habana , formerly named San Cristóbal de La Habana ; UN / LOCODE : CU HAV ) is the capital of Cuba .
eos CU HAV ) is the capital of Cuba . Havana also forms one of the 14 provinces of Cuba . With a population of more than 2.2 million ,
eos Havana also forms one of the 14 provinces of Cuba . With a population of more than 2.2 million , Havana is the largest city in both Cuba and the Caribbean .
eos With a population of more than 2.2 million , Havana is the largest city in both Cuba and the Caribbean . Havana is located just over 90 miles ( 144 km ) south - southwest of Key West , Florida .
eos 
eos ( Vietnamese : Thành phố Hồ Chí Minh pronunciation ) is the largest city in Vietnam and Ho_Chi_Minh_City is located near the Mekong River delta . Under the name Prey Nokor ( Khmer : ) ,
eos Thành phố Hồ Chí Minh pronunciation ) is the largest city in Vietnam and Ho_Chi_Minh_City is located near the Mekong River delta . Under the name Prey Nokor ( Khmer : ) , Ho_Chi_Minh_City was the main port of Cambodia , before being conquered by the Vietnamese in the 16th century . Known as Saigon ( pronunciation ) until the end of the Vietnam War ,
eos Under the name Prey Nokor ( Khmer : ) , Ho_Chi_Minh_City was the main port of Cambodia , before being conquered by the Vietnamese in the 16th century . Known as Saigon ( pronunciation ) until the end of the Vietnam War , Ho_Chi_Minh_City was the capital of the French colony of Cochinchina , and later of the former state of South Vietnam from 1954 to 1975 . In 1975 ,
eos 
eos ( Urdu / Sindhi : حيدر آباد ) is located in the Sindh province of Pakistan ( formerly known as Neroon Kot نيرِون ڪوٽ ) . Formerly the capital of Sindh and known as the city of perfumes ,
eos حيدر آباد ) is located in the Sindh province of Pakistan ( formerly known as Neroon Kot نيرِون ڪوٽ ) . Formerly the capital of Sindh and known as the city of perfumes , Hyderabad_Pakistan is now a regional headquarter of the district of Hyderabad . Before the creation of Pakistan ,
eos حيدر آباد ) is located in the Sindh province of Pakistan ( formerly known as Neroon Kot نيرِون ڪوٽ ) . Formerly the capital of Sindh and known as the city of perfumes , Hyderabad_Pakistan is now a regional headquarter of the district of Hyderabad . Before the creation of Pakistan , Hyderabad_Pakistan was known as the Paris of India , for
eos Formerly the capital of Sindh and known as the city of perfumes , Hyderabad_Pakistan is now a regional headquarter of the district of Hyderabad . Before the creation of Pakistan , Hyderabad_Pakistan was known as the Paris of India , for Hyderabad_Pakistan roads used to be washed with perfume every day . The regional and political boundaries stage
eos Before the creation of Pakistan , Hyderabad_Pakistan was known as the Paris of India , for Hyderabad_Pakistan roads used to be washed with perfume every day . The regional and political boundaries stage Hyderabad_Pakistan as a district .
eos The regional and political boundaries stage Hyderabad_Pakistan as a district . Hyderabad_Pakistan is a hot and humid city in the south of the nation and Hyderabad_Pakistan has been a staging point for literary campaign and a birthplace of many a poets . Rich with culture and tradition ,
eos 
eos Ibadan ( Èbá - Ọdàn ) , reputed to be the largest indigenous city in Africa south of the Sahara , is the capital of Ọyọ State .
eos Ibadan ( Èbá - Ọdàn ) , reputed to be the largest indigenous city in Africa south of the Sahara , is the capital of Ọyọ State . Ibadan is located in south - western Nigeria , 78 miles inland from Lagos and Ibadan is a prominent transit point between the coastal region and the areas to the north .
eos Ibadan is located in south - western Nigeria , 78 miles inland from Lagos and Ibadan is a prominent transit point between the coastal region and the areas to the north . Ibadan population is estimated to be about 3,800,000 according to 2006 estimates .
eos Ibadan is located in south - western Nigeria , 78 miles inland from Lagos and Ibadan is a prominent transit point between the coastal region and the areas to the north . Ibadan population is estimated to be about 3,800,000 according to 2006 estimates . Ibadan had been the centre of administration of the old Western Region , Nigeria since the days of the British colonial rule , and parts of
eos Ibadan population is estimated to be about 3,800,000 according to 2006 estimates . Ibadan had been the centre of administration of the old Western Region , Nigeria since the days of the British colonial rule , and parts of Ibadan ancient protective walls still stand till today . The principal inhabitants of
eos 
eos Ilorin is one of the largest cities in Nigeria and Ilorin is the capital of Kwara State .
eos 
eos Islamabad ( Urdu : اسلام آباد , abode of Islam ) , is the capital city of Pakistan , and Islamabad is located in the Potohar Plateau in the northwest of the country .
eos ( Urdu : اسلام آباد , abode of Islam ) , is the capital city of Pakistan , and Islamabad is located in the Potohar Plateau in the northwest of the country . Islamabad is located within the Islamabad Capital Territory , though the area has historically been a part of the crossroads of the Punjab region and the North - West Frontier Province ( the Margalla pass being a historic gateway to the North - West Frontier Province , and the Potwar Plateau historically a part of the Punjab ) .
eos 
eos "" Turkish : İstanbul "" , Greek : "" Greek : Κωνσταντινορπολη "" Konstandinoúpoli , historically known in English as Constantinople ; see other names ) is Turkey 's most populous city , and its cultural and economic centre .
eos "" Greek : Κωνσταντινορπολη "" Konstandinoúpoli , historically known in English as Constantinople ; see other names ) is Turkey 's most populous city , and its cultural and economic centre . Istanbul is the capital of the Province of Istanbul .
eos Istanbul is the capital of the Province of Istanbul . Istanbul is located at 41 ° N 28 ° E , on the Bosphorus strait , and Istanbul encompasses the natural harbor known as the Golden Horn ( Turkish : Haliç ) , in the northwest of the country .
eos Istanbul is located at 41 ° N 28 ° E , on the Bosphorus strait , and Istanbul encompasses the natural harbor known as the Golden Horn ( Turkish : Haliç ) , in the northwest of the country . Istanbul extends both on the European ( Thrace ) and on the Asian ( Anatolia ) side of the Bosphorus , and Istanbul is thereby the only metropolis in the world which is situated on two continents .
eos Istanbul is also the only city in the world which served as the capital to three different Empires : The Roman Empire ( 330 - 395 ) , Byzantine Empire ( 395 - 1453 ) and the Ottoman Empire ( 1453 - 1923 ) . In 1923 , following the establishment of the Republic of Turkey , the capital was moved to Ankara . According to the 2000 census , the population is 8,803,468 (
eos Istanbul is also the only city in the world which served as the capital to three different Empires : The Roman Empire ( 330 - 395 ) , Byzantine Empire ( 395 - 1453 ) and the Ottoman Empire ( 1453 - 1923 ) . In 1923 , following the establishment of the Republic of Turkey , the capital was moved to Ankara . According to the 2000 census , the population is 8,803,468 ( Istanbul ) and 10,018,735 ( metro area ) , making
eos According to the 2000 census , the population is 8,803,468 ( Istanbul ) and 10,018,735 ( metro area ) , making Istanbul the second largest city in Europe . The census bureau estimate for july 20 , 2005 is 11,322,000 for the province , which is generally considered as the metropolitan area , making it one of the twenty largest metropolitan areas in the world .
eos The census bureau estimate for july 20 , 2005 is 11,322,000 for the province , which is generally considered as the metropolitan area , making it one of the twenty largest metropolitan areas in the world . Istanbul was chosen as the European Capital of Culture for 2010 ( along with Pécs , Hungary and Essen , Germany ) .
eos The census bureau estimate for july 20 , 2005 is 11,322,000 for the province , which is generally considered as the metropolitan area , making it one of the twenty largest metropolitan areas in the world . Istanbul was chosen as the European Capital of Culture for 2010 ( along with Pécs , Hungary and Essen , Germany ) . Istanbul has had many names through the years and according to the culture , language and religion of
eos Istanbul has had many names through the years and according to the culture , language and religion of Istanbul inhabitants . Byzantium , Constantinople and Stamboul are examples that may still be found in active use . The etymology of the names and an extended list of old names can be found under Istanbul ( etymology ) .
eos Istanbul has had many names through the years and according to the culture , language and religion of Istanbul inhabitants . Byzantium , Constantinople and Stamboul are examples that may still be found in active use . The etymology of the names and an extended list of old names can be found under Istanbul ( etymology ) . Istanbul has also been nicknamed ` ` The City on Seven Hills '' because the historic peninsula ( the oldest part of
eos 
eos Jakarta ( also Djakarta or DKI Jakarta ) , formerly known as Sunda Kelapa , Jayakarta and Batavia is the capital and largest city of Indonesia . Located on the northwest coast of the island of Java ,
eos Jakarta ( also Djakarta or DKI Jakarta ) , formerly known as Sunda Kelapa , Jayakarta and Batavia is the capital and largest city of Indonesia . Located on the northwest coast of the island of Java , Jakarta has an area of 661.52 km ² and a population of 8,792,000 ( 2004 ) .
eos Located on the northwest coast of the island of Java , Jakarta has an area of 661.52 km ² and a population of 8,792,000 ( 2004 ) . Jakarta has been developed for more than 490 years and Jakarta currently is the ninth most densely populated city in the world with 44,283 people per sq mile .
eos Jakarta has been developed for more than 490 years and Jakarta currently is the ninth most densely populated city in the world with 44,283 people per sq mile . Jakarta metropolitan area is called Jabotabek and contains more than 23 million people , and it comprises an even larger Jakarta - Bandung megalopolis .
eos Jakarta metropolitan area is called Jabotabek and contains more than 23 million people , and it comprises an even larger Jakarta - Bandung megalopolis . Jakarta is served by the Soekarno - Hatta International Airport . Since 2004 , Jakarta , under the governance of Sutiyoso , has developed Jakarta new transportation system , which is known as ` ` TransJakarta '' or ` ` Busway '' and in 2007 , Jakarta will establish
eos Jakarta metropolitan area is called Jabotabek and contains more than 23 million people , and it comprises an even larger Jakarta - Bandung megalopolis . Jakarta is served by the Soekarno - Hatta International Airport . Since 2004 ,
eos Jakarta metropolitan area is called Jabotabek and contains more than 23 million people , and it comprises an even larger Jakarta - Bandung megalopolis . Jakarta is served by the Soekarno - Hatta International Airport . Since 2004 , Jakarta , under the governance of Sutiyoso , has developed
eos Jakarta metropolitan area is called Jabotabek and contains more than 23 million people , and it comprises an even larger Jakarta - Bandung megalopolis . Jakarta is served by the Soekarno - Hatta International Airport . Since 2004 , Jakarta , under the governance of Sutiyoso , has developed Jakarta new transportation system , which is known as ` ` TransJakarta '' or ` ` Busway '' and in 2007 ,
eos Jakarta is served by the Soekarno - Hatta International Airport . Since 2004 , Jakarta , under the governance of Sutiyoso , has developed Jakarta new transportation system , which is known as ` ` TransJakarta '' or ` ` Busway '' and in 2007 , Jakarta will establish Jakarta newest transportation system , the Jakarta Monorail .
eos 
eos Arabic : القُدس , al - Quds ( ` ` the Holy '' ) ; official Arabic in Israel : أورشليم القدس , Urshalim - al - Quds ( combining the Biblical and common usage Arabic names ) is the capital and largest city of the State of Israel with a population of 724,000 ( as of May 24 , 2006 ) contained in 123 km ² . An ancient Middle Eastern city on the watershed between the Mediterranean Sea and the Dead Sea at an elevation of 650 - 840 metres ( about 2000 - 2500 feet ) ,
eos official Arabic in Israel : أورشليم القدس , Urshalim - al - Quds ( combining the Biblical and common usage Arabic names ) is the capital and largest city of the State of Israel with a population of 724,000 ( as of May 24 , 2006 ) contained in 123 km ² . An ancient Middle Eastern city on the watershed between the Mediterranean Sea and the Dead Sea at an elevation of 650 - 840 metres ( about 2000 - 2500 feet ) , Jerusalem is located southeast of Tel Aviv , south of Ramallah , west of Jericho and north of Bethlehem .
eos An ancient Middle Eastern city on the watershed between the Mediterranean Sea and the Dead Sea at an elevation of 650 - 840 metres ( about 2000 - 2500 feet ) , Jerusalem is located southeast of Tel Aviv , south of Ramallah , west of Jericho and north of Bethlehem . Jerusalem is the holiest city of Judaism ( since the 10th century BCE ) and some denominations of Christianity ( since the 5th century CE ) . Jewish law holds that the more important Jewish prayers should be conducted facing the direction of
eos Jerusalem is the holiest city of Judaism ( since the 10th century BCE ) and some denominations of Christianity ( since the 5th century CE ) . Jewish law holds that the more important Jewish prayers should be conducted facing the direction of Jerusalem , specifically in the direction of the Temple Mount .
eos Jerusalem is the holiest city of Judaism ( since the 10th century BCE ) and some denominations of Christianity ( since the 5th century CE ) . Jewish law holds that the more important Jewish prayers should be conducted facing the direction of Jerusalem , specifically in the direction of the Temple Mount . Jerusalem is generally regarded by Muslims as the location of the third holiest site of Islam , and
eos Jewish law holds that the more important Jewish prayers should be conducted facing the direction of Jerusalem , specifically in the direction of the Temple Mount . Jerusalem is generally regarded by Muslims as the location of the third holiest site of Islam , and Jerusalem was the original Qibla ( direction of prayer ) for Muslims prior to Mecca .
eos Jerusalem is generally regarded by Muslims as the location of the third holiest site of Islam , and Jerusalem was the original Qibla ( direction of prayer ) for Muslims prior to Mecca . Jerusalem appears in the Hebrew Bible 669 times while Zion ( which usually means Jerusalem , sometimes the Land of Israel ) appears 154 times . The New Testament mentions
eos Jerusalem appears in the Hebrew Bible 669 times while Zion ( which usually means Jerusalem , sometimes the Land of Israel ) appears 154 times . The New Testament mentions Jerusalem 154 times and Zion 7 times . A heterogeneous city ,
eos A heterogeneous city , Jerusalem represents a wide range of national , religious , and socioeconomic groups . The section called the ` ` Old City '' is surrounded by walls and consists of four quarters : Armenian , Christian , Jewish , and Muslim . The status of
eos The section called the ` ` Old City '' is surrounded by walls and consists of four quarters : Armenian , Christian , Jewish , and Muslim . The status of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital is not universally recognised by the international community , and Israel 's annexation of East Jerusalem is particularly controversial . East Jerusalem , if not
eos The status of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital is not universally recognised by the international community , and Israel 's annexation of East Jerusalem is particularly controversial . East Jerusalem , if not Jerusalem , is claimed by Palestinians as the desired capital for a future Palestinian state . The current Israeli mayor of
eos 
eos Johannesburg , also known as eGoli , is the most populous city in South Africa .
eos Johannesburg , also known as eGoli , is the most populous city in South Africa . Johannesburg is affectionately known as ` ` Jo ` burg '' , ` ` Jozi '' and ` ` JHB '' by South Africans .
eos Johannesburg is affectionately known as ` ` Jo ` burg '' , ` ` Jozi '' and ` ` JHB '' by South Africans . Johannesburg is the provincial capital of Gauteng Province , the wealthiest province in South Africa , and the site of the South African Constitutional Court .
eos Johannesburg is the provincial capital of Gauteng Province , the wealthiest province in South Africa , and the site of the South African Constitutional Court . Johannesburg is one of the 40 largest metropolitan areas in the world , and Africa 's only global city ( classified as a gamma world city ) . Whilst sometimes mistakenly assumed to be South Africa 's capital city ,
eos Johannesburg is one of the 40 largest metropolitan areas in the world , and Africa 's only global city ( classified as a gamma world city ) . Whilst sometimes mistakenly assumed to be South Africa 's capital city , Johannesburg is not even one of South Africa 's three official capital cities ( although Pretoria , which is part of the same province , is ) .
eos Johannesburg is one of the 40 largest metropolitan areas in the world , and Africa 's only global city ( classified as a gamma world city ) . Whilst sometimes mistakenly assumed to be South Africa 's capital city , Johannesburg is not even one of South Africa 's three official capital cities ( although Pretoria , which is part of the same province , is ) . Johannesburg is the site of a large - scale gold and diamond trade due to
eos Whilst sometimes mistakenly assumed to be South Africa 's capital city , Johannesburg is not even one of South Africa 's three official capital cities ( although Pretoria , which is part of the same province , is ) . Johannesburg is the site of a large - scale gold and diamond trade due to Johannesburg location on the mineral - rich Witwatersrand range of hills .
eos Johannesburg is the site of a large - scale gold and diamond trade due to Johannesburg location on the mineral - rich Witwatersrand range of hills . Johannesburg is also served by OR Tambo International Airport , the largest and busiest airport in Africa and a gateway for international air travel to and from the rest of southern Africa . According to the 2001 Census , the population of
eos Johannesburg is also served by OR Tambo International Airport , the largest and busiest airport in Africa and a gateway for international air travel to and from the rest of southern Africa . According to the 2001 Census , the population of Johannesburg is more than three million .
eos Johannesburg land area of 1,644 km ² is very large when compared to other cities , resulting in a population density of only 1,962 / km ² . The population of the Greater Johannesburg Metropolitan Area is almost eight million .
eos 
eos Kabul , Kâb ' l ( locally : کابل ) , is the capital and largest city of Afghanistan with a population of approximately 3 million people .
eos ( locally : کابل ) , is the capital and largest city of Afghanistan with a population of approximately 3 million people . Kabul is an economic and cultural center strategically situated in a narrow valley along the Kabul River , high in the mountains before the Khyber Pass .
eos Kabul is an economic and cultural center strategically situated in a narrow valley along the Kabul River , high in the mountains before the Khyber Pass . Kabul is linked with Ghazni , Kandahar , Herat and Mazari Sharif via a long beltway ( circular highway ) that stretches across Afghanistan .
eos Kabul is linked with Ghazni , Kandahar , Herat and Mazari Sharif via a long beltway ( circular highway ) that stretches across Afghanistan . Kabul is also linked by highways with Pakistan to the southeast and Tajikistan to the north , and Kabul is 5,900 feet ( 1,800 metres ) above sea level .
eos Kabul is linked with Ghazni , Kandahar , Herat and Mazari Sharif via a long beltway ( circular highway ) that stretches across Afghanistan . Kabul is also linked by highways with Pakistan to the southeast and Tajikistan to the north , and Kabul is 5,900 feet ( 1,800 metres ) above sea level . Kabul main products include ordnance , cloth , furniture , and beet sugar , though , since 1978 , a state of nearly continuous war has limited the economic productivity of
eos Kabul is also linked by highways with Pakistan to the southeast and Tajikistan to the north , and Kabul is 5,900 feet ( 1,800 metres ) above sea level . Kabul main products include ordnance , cloth , furniture , and beet sugar , though , since 1978 , a state of nearly continuous war has limited the economic productivity of Kabul .
eos Kabul is also linked by highways with Pakistan to the southeast and Tajikistan to the north , and Kabul is 5,900 feet ( 1,800 metres ) above sea level . Kabul main products include ordnance , cloth , furniture , and beet sugar , though , since 1978 , a state of nearly continuous war has limited the economic productivity of Kabul . Kabul population is multicultural and multi - ethnic , reflecting the diversity of Afghanistan , with Pashtuns , Tajiks , Hazaras , Uzbeks and others all comprising the bulk of
eos Kabul main products include ordnance , cloth , furniture , and beet sugar , though , since 1978 , a state of nearly continuous war has limited the economic productivity of Kabul . Kabul population is multicultural and multi - ethnic , reflecting the diversity of Afghanistan , with Pashtuns , Tajiks , Hazaras , Uzbeks and others all comprising the bulk of Kabul population .
eos 
eos Kampala is the capital city of Uganda . With a population of 1,208,544 ( 2002 ) ,
eos Kampala is the capital city of Uganda . With a population of 1,208,544 ( 2002 ) , Kampala is the largest urban settlement in Uganda .
eos 
eos Kano is the administrative center of the Kano State and the third largest city in Nigeria , in terms of geographical size , after Ibadan and Lagos . Also , in population ,
eos Kano is the administrative center of the Kano State and the third largest city in Nigeria , in terms of geographical size , after Ibadan and Lagos . Also , in population , Kano is the third most populous city ( with a population of 3,626,204 ) in the country , trailing Lagos and Ibadan in that order .
eos Also , in population , Kano is the third most populous city ( with a population of 3,626,204 ) in the country , trailing Lagos and Ibadan in that order . Kano has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria , and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts .
eos Kano has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria , and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts . Kano houses the Bayero University and a railway station with trains to Lagos routed through Kaduna , while Kano International Airport lies nearby .
eos Kano has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria , and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts . Kano houses the Bayero University and a railway station with trains to Lagos routed through Kaduna , while Kano International Airport lies nearby . Kano has long been a centre for Nigeria 's Islamic culture ; one of the country 's finest mosques lies in
eos 
eos Karachi ( Urdu : كراچى , Sindhi : ڪراچي ) is the capital of the province of Sindh , and the most populated city in Pakistan , sometimes known as the City of Quaid ( شہرِ قائد ) , after Muhammad Ali Jinnah the founder of Pakistan .
eos ( Urdu : كراچى , Sindhi : ڪراچي ) is the capital of the province of Sindh , and the most populated city in Pakistan , sometimes known as the City of Quaid ( شہرِ قائد ) , after Muhammad Ali Jinnah the founder of Pakistan . Karachi is located on the coast of the Arabian Sea in southeastern Pakistan , northwest of the Indus Delta .
eos Karachi is located on the coast of the Arabian Sea in southeastern Pakistan , northwest of the Indus Delta . Karachi is the financial and commercial centre as well as the largest port of Pakistan . The site of an ancient community of fishing villages ,
eos Karachi is the financial and commercial centre as well as the largest port of Pakistan . The site of an ancient community of fishing villages , Karachi was developed by authorities of the British Raj in the 19th century . Upon the creation of Pakistan in 1947 ,
eos Karachi is the financial and commercial centre as well as the largest port of Pakistan . The site of an ancient community of fishing villages , Karachi was developed by authorities of the British Raj in the 19th century . Upon the creation of Pakistan in 1947 , Karachi was selected to become the national capital , and Karachi was exposed to a massive influx of immigrants from India , which radically expanded
eos The site of an ancient community of fishing villages , Karachi was developed by authorities of the British Raj in the 19th century . Upon the creation of Pakistan in 1947 , Karachi was selected to become the national capital , and Karachi was exposed to a massive influx of immigrants from India , which radically expanded Karachi population and transformed the demographics and economy .
eos The site of an ancient community of fishing villages , Karachi was developed by authorities of the British Raj in the 19th century . Upon the creation of Pakistan in 1947 , Karachi was selected to become the national capital , and Karachi was exposed to a massive influx of immigrants from India , which radically expanded Karachi population and transformed the demographics and economy . Karachi has faced major infrastructural and socio - economic challenges , but modern industries and businesses have developed in
eos Upon the creation of Pakistan in 1947 , Karachi was selected to become the national capital , and Karachi was exposed to a massive influx of immigrants from India , which radically expanded Karachi population and transformed the demographics and economy . Karachi has faced major infrastructural and socio - economic challenges , but modern industries and businesses have developed in Karachi , and the population expanded even after the capital was moved to Islamabad in august 1960 .
eos Karachi has faced major infrastructural and socio - economic challenges , but modern industries and businesses have developed in Karachi , and the population expanded even after the capital was moved to Islamabad in august 1960 . Karachi is ethnically and religiously a diverse city in the nation . In the 1980s and early 1990s ,
eos Karachi is ethnically and religiously a diverse city in the nation . In the 1980s and early 1990s , Karachi witnessed a major influx of refugees from the war in Afghanistan , and increasing political and sectarian violence between the Punjabi and Sindhi communities , and the Mohajirs ( descendants of immigrants from India ) . The intervention of the Pakistani army and martial law scarred
eos Karachi is ethnically and religiously a diverse city in the nation . In the 1980s and early 1990s , Karachi witnessed a major influx of refugees from the war in Afghanistan , and increasing political and sectarian violence between the Punjabi and Sindhi communities , and the Mohajirs ( descendants of immigrants from India ) . The intervention of the Pakistani army and martial law scarred Karachi , but a national economic boom in the early 21st century has resulted in economic growth and prosperity for
eos In the 1980s and early 1990s , Karachi witnessed a major influx of refugees from the war in Afghanistan , and increasing political and sectarian violence between the Punjabi and Sindhi communities , and the Mohajirs ( descendants of immigrants from India ) . The intervention of the Pakistani army and martial law scarred Karachi , but a national economic boom in the early 21st century has resulted in economic growth and prosperity for Karachi . As of 2006
eos In the 1980s and early 1990s , Karachi witnessed a major influx of refugees from the war in Afghanistan , and increasing political and sectarian violence between the Punjabi and Sindhi communities , and the Mohajirs ( descendants of immigrants from India ) . The intervention of the Pakistani army and martial law scarred Karachi , but a national economic boom in the early 21st century has resulted in economic growth and prosperity for Karachi . As of 2006 Karachi has an estimated population of 11.5 million , making
eos 
eos Kathmandu ( Nepali : काठमाडौं , Nepal Bhasa : यें ) is the capital city of Nepal and
eos Kathmandu ( Nepali : काठमाडौं , Nepal Bhasa : यें ) is the capital city of Nepal and Kathmandu is also the largest city in Nepal .
eos Kathmandu ( Nepali : काठमाडौं , Nepal Bhasa : यें ) is the capital city of Nepal and Kathmandu is also the largest city in Nepal . Kathmandu stands at an elevation of approximately 4,265 ft ( 1,300 m ) .
eos Kathmandu is an urban and suburban area of about 1.5 million inhabitants in the tri - city area in the Kathmandu Valley in central Nepal , along the Bagmati River . The two other cities are Patan and Bhaktapur .
eos 
eos Kigali , population 851,024 ( 2005 ) , is the capital and largest city of Rwanda .
eos Kigali , population 851,024 ( 2005 ) , is the capital and largest city of Rwanda . Kigali is situated in the center of the nation , and Kigali has been the economic , cultural , and transport center of Rwanda since
eos Kigali , population 851,024 ( 2005 ) , is the capital and largest city of Rwanda . Kigali is situated in the center of the nation , and Kigali has been the economic , cultural , and transport center of Rwanda since Kigali became capital at independence in 1962 . The main home and offices of the Rwandan president , Paul Kagame , are located in
eos Kigali is situated in the center of the nation , and Kigali has been the economic , cultural , and transport center of Rwanda since Kigali became capital at independence in 1962 . The main home and offices of the Rwandan president , Paul Kagame , are located in Kigali , as are the government ministries .
eos 
eos Kingston_Jamaica is the capital and largest city of Jamaica .
eos Kingston_Jamaica is the capital and largest city of Jamaica . Kingston_Jamaica is located on the southeastern coast of the island country at 17 ° 59 ` N , 76 ° 48 ` W.
eos Kingston_Jamaica is the capital and largest city of Jamaica . Kingston_Jamaica is located on the southeastern coast of the island country at 17 ° 59 ` N , 76 ° 48 ` W. Kingston_Jamaica faces a natural harbour protected by the Palisadoes , a long sandspit which connects Port Royal and the Norman Manley International Airport to the rest of the island . In the Western Hemisphere ,
eos The local government bodies of the parishes of Kingston and St. Andrew were amalgamated by the Kingston and St Andrew Corporation Act of 1923 , to form the Kingston and St Andrew Corporation ( KSAC ) . Greater Kingston or the ` ` Corporate Area '' refers to the KSAC , and not just the Parish of Kingston , which consists of only the old downtown and Port Royal . Two parts make up the central area of
eos The local government bodies of the parishes of Kingston and St. Andrew were amalgamated by the Kingston and St Andrew Corporation Act of 1923 , to form the Kingston and St Andrew Corporation ( KSAC ) . Greater Kingston or the ` ` Corporate Area '' refers to the KSAC , and not just the Parish of Kingston , which consists of only the old downtown and Port Royal . Two parts make up the central area of Kingston_Jamaica : the historic but troubled Downtown , and New Kingston , which is home to
eos Greater Kingston or the ` ` Corporate Area '' refers to the KSAC , and not just the Parish of Kingston , which consists of only the old downtown and Port Royal . Two parts make up the central area of Kingston_Jamaica : the historic but troubled Downtown , and New Kingston , which is home to Kingston_Jamaica most visited attraction , the Bob Marley Museum ( built at his former residence ) . Several other reggae stars , including Buju Banton , Sean Paul and Beenie Man , also hail from
eos Several other reggae stars , including Buju Banton , Sean Paul and Beenie Man , also hail from Kingston_Jamaica . Other attractions include the nearby Hellshire and Lime Cay beaches , the National Gallery of Jamaica , the ruins of Port Royal , and Devon House , a mansion with adjoining park that once belonged to Jamaica 's first black millionaire .
eos Other attractions include the nearby Hellshire and Lime Cay beaches , the National Gallery of Jamaica , the ruins of Port Royal , and Devon House , a mansion with adjoining park that once belonged to Jamaica 's first black millionaire . Kingston_Jamaica is served by Norman Manley International Airport and also by the smaller and primarily domestic Tinson Pen Airport . Several annual and well - visited festivals are held in
eos 
eos Kinshasa ( formerly Léopoldville ) is the capital and largest city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo . With a population of about 7.5 million ( 2005 census ) ,
eos 
eos Kochi_India ( pronunciation ; Malayalam : കൊച ചി IPA : koˈʧːi ) ; formerly known as Cochin ) is a city in the Indian state of Kerala .
eos ചി IPA : koˈʧːi ) ; formerly known as Cochin ) is a city in the Indian state of Kerala . Kochi_India is one of the principal seaports of the country and Kochi_India is located in the district of Ernakulam , about 220 kilometres ( 140 mi ) north of the state capital , Thiruvananthapuram .
eos ചി IPA : koˈʧːi ) ; formerly known as Cochin ) is a city in the Indian state of Kerala . Kochi_India is one of the principal seaports of the country and Kochi_India is located in the district of Ernakulam , about 220 kilometres ( 140 mi ) north of the state capital , Thiruvananthapuram . Kochi_India has an estimated population of 600,000 , with an extended metropolitan population of about 1.5 million , making
eos Kochi_India is one of the principal seaports of the country and Kochi_India is located in the district of Ernakulam , about 220 kilometres ( 140 mi ) north of the state capital , Thiruvananthapuram . Kochi_India has an estimated population of 600,000 , with an extended metropolitan population of about 1.5 million , making Kochi_India the largest urban agglomeration and the second largest city in Kerala after the capital . Since 1102 CE ,
eos Kochi_India has an estimated population of 600,000 , with an extended metropolitan population of about 1.5 million , making Kochi_India the largest urban agglomeration and the second largest city in Kerala after the capital . Since 1102 CE , Kochi_India was the seat of the Kingdom of Cochin , a princely state which traces its lineage to the Kulasekhara empire . Heralded as the Queen of the Arabian Sea ,
eos Since 1102 CE , Kochi_India was the seat of the Kingdom of Cochin , a princely state which traces its lineage to the Kulasekhara empire . Heralded as the Queen of the Arabian Sea , Kochi_India was an important spice trading centre on the Arabian Sea coast from the 14th century onwards . Ancient travellers and tradesmen referred to
eos Since 1102 CE , Kochi_India was the seat of the Kingdom of Cochin , a princely state which traces its lineage to the Kulasekhara empire . Heralded as the Queen of the Arabian Sea , Kochi_India was an important spice trading centre on the Arabian Sea coast from the 14th century onwards . Ancient travellers and tradesmen referred to Kochi_India in their writings , variously alluding to
eos Heralded as the Queen of the Arabian Sea , Kochi_India was an important spice trading centre on the Arabian Sea coast from the 14th century onwards . Ancient travellers and tradesmen referred to Kochi_India in their writings , variously alluding to Kochi_India as Cocym , Cochym , Cochin , and Cochi . Occupied by the Portuguese in 1503 ,
eos Ancient travellers and tradesmen referred to Kochi_India in their writings , variously alluding to Kochi_India as Cocym , Cochym , Cochin , and Cochi . Occupied by the Portuguese in 1503 , Kochi_India was the site of the first European colonial settlement in India .
eos Occupied by the Portuguese in 1503 , Kochi_India was the site of the first European colonial settlement in India . Kochi_India remained the capital of Portuguese India until 1530 , when Goa became the capital .
eos Kochi_India remained the capital of Portuguese India until 1530 , when Goa became the capital . Kochi_India was later occupied by the Dutch , the Mysore and the British .
eos Kochi_India was later occupied by the Dutch , the Mysore and the British . Kochi_India was the first princely state to willingly join the Indian Union , when India gained independence in 1947 .
eos Kochi_India was later occupied by the Dutch , the Mysore and the British . Kochi_India was the first princely state to willingly join the Indian Union , when India gained independence in 1947 . Kochi_India experienced decades of economic stagnation from independence until 2003 , when
eos Kochi_India was later occupied by the Dutch , the Mysore and the British . Kochi_India was the first princely state to willingly join the Indian Union , when India gained independence in 1947 . Kochi_India experienced decades of economic stagnation from independence until 2003 , when Kochi_India entered a period of economic growth , leading to a spurt in
eos Kochi_India was the first princely state to willingly join the Indian Union , when India gained independence in 1947 . Kochi_India experienced decades of economic stagnation from independence until 2003 , when Kochi_India entered a period of economic growth , leading to a spurt in Kochi_India development . A growing centre of information technology , tourism and international trade ,
eos Kochi_India experienced decades of economic stagnation from independence until 2003 , when Kochi_India entered a period of economic growth , leading to a spurt in Kochi_India development . A growing centre of information technology , tourism and international trade , Kochi_India is the commercial hub of Kerala , and one of the fastest growing second - tier metros in India . Like other large cities in the developing world ,
eos A growing centre of information technology , tourism and international trade , Kochi_India is the commercial hub of Kerala , and one of the fastest growing second - tier metros in India . Like other large cities in the developing world , Kochi_India continues to struggle with urbanisation problems like substandard sanitation and traffic congestion . Successive waves of migration over the course of several millennia have made
eos Like other large cities in the developing world , Kochi_India continues to struggle with urbanisation problems like substandard sanitation and traffic congestion . Successive waves of migration over the course of several millennia have made Kochi_India a cultural melting pot . Despite the risk of overdevelopment ,
eos Like other large cities in the developing world , Kochi_India continues to struggle with urbanisation problems like substandard sanitation and traffic congestion . Successive waves of migration over the course of several millennia have made Kochi_India a cultural melting pot . Despite the risk of overdevelopment , Kochi_India retains
eos 
eos ( IPA : IPA : ` kolkat̪a Bengali : কলকাতা ) ( formerly Calcutta ) is the capital of the Indian state of West Bengal .
eos IPA : ` kolkat̪a Bengali : কলকাতা ) ( formerly Calcutta ) is the capital of the Indian state of West Bengal . Kolkata is located in eastern India on the east bank of the River Hooghly .
eos IPA : ` kolkat̪a Bengali : কলকাতা ) ( formerly Calcutta ) is the capital of the Indian state of West Bengal . Kolkata is located in eastern India on the east bank of the River Hooghly . Kolkata has a population of almost 5 million , with an extended metropolitan population of over 14 million , making
eos Kolkata is located in eastern India on the east bank of the River Hooghly . Kolkata has a population of almost 5 million , with an extended metropolitan population of over 14 million , making Kolkata the third - largest urban agglomeration and the fourth - largest city in India .
eos Kolkata has a population of almost 5 million , with an extended metropolitan population of over 14 million , making Kolkata the third - largest urban agglomeration and the fourth - largest city in India . Kolkata served as the capital in India during the British Raj until 1911 . Once the centre of modern education , science , culture and politics in India ,
eos Kolkata served as the capital in India during the British Raj until 1911 . Once the centre of modern education , science , culture and politics in India , Kolkata witnessed economic stagnation in the years following India 's independence in 1947 . Since 2000 however , an economic rejuvenation has arrested the morbid decline , leading to a spurt in
eos Once the centre of modern education , science , culture and politics in India , Kolkata witnessed economic stagnation in the years following India 's independence in 1947 . Since 2000 however , an economic rejuvenation has arrested the morbid decline , leading to a spurt in Kolkata growth . Like other large cities ,
eos Since 2000 however , an economic rejuvenation has arrested the morbid decline , leading to a spurt in Kolkata growth . Like other large cities , Kolkata continues to struggle with urbanisation problems like poverty , pollution and traffic congestion . A vibrant city with a distinct socio - political culture , Kolkata is noted for
eos Since 2000 however , an economic rejuvenation has arrested the morbid decline , leading to a spurt in Kolkata growth . Like other large cities , Kolkata continues to struggle with urbanisation problems like poverty , pollution and traffic congestion . A vibrant city with a distinct socio - political culture ,
eos Like other large cities , Kolkata continues to struggle with urbanisation problems like poverty , pollution and traffic congestion . A vibrant city with a distinct socio - political culture , Kolkata is noted for Kolkata revolutionary history , ranging from the Indian struggle for independence to the leftist and trade union movements . Referred to as the ` ` Cultural Capital of India '' , ` ` The City of Processions '' , and the ` ` City of Joy '' ,
eos 
eos Koror is the state comprising the main commercial center of the country of Palau .
eos Koror is the state comprising the main commercial center of the country of Palau . Koror consists of several islands , the most prominent being Koror Island ( also Oreor Island ) .
eos * Malakal Island , the site of Koror 's port . Koror Island is also connected by a bridge to the state of Airai in the island of Babeldaob , where Palau 's international airport is located . Besides the former capital , Koror , and the town of Meyuns , there are a total of 11 villages in
eos 
eos Kotte , ( ශ රී ජයවර ධනපුර කෝට ටේ in Sinhala , ஸ்ரீ ஜயவர்த்தனபுரம் கோட்டே in Tamil ) also known as Kotte , is the capital of Sri Lanka .
eos Kotte is located beyond the eastern suburbs of the business capital Colombo . The Parliament of Sri Lanka has been based here since the formal inauguration of its new building on 29 april 1982 .
eos 
eos Kuwait_City ( also Al - Kuwait - الكويت ) , population 32,403 ( 2005 Census ) , is the capital of the emirate of Kuwait and part of the Al - Asimah governorate . Locally known as ` ` The City '' ( Al - Diera - ألديره ) ,
eos Kuwait_City ( also Al - Kuwait - الكويت ) , population 32,403 ( 2005 Census ) , is the capital of the emirate of Kuwait and part of the Al - Asimah governorate . Locally known as ` ` The City '' ( Al - Diera - ألديره ) , Kuwait_City contains the Majlis Al - Umma ( Kuwait 's parliament ) , most Governmental offices , the headquarters of most Kuwaiti corporations and banks , the Liberation Tower and the Kuwait Towers .
eos Locally known as ` ` The City '' ( Al - Diera - ألديره ) , Kuwait_City contains the Majlis Al - Umma ( Kuwait 's parliament ) , most Governmental offices , the headquarters of most Kuwaiti corporations and banks , the Liberation Tower and the Kuwait Towers . Kuwait_City is located at 29 ° 22 ' 11 '' North , 47 ° 58 ' 42 '' East ( 29.369722 , 47.978333 ) .
eos 
eos La_Paz or Chuquiyapu ( ` ` chuqui '' , ` gold ' , ` ` yapu '' , ` farm ' ) is the administrative capital of Bolivia , as well as the departmental capital of La Paz Department . As of the 2001 census ,
eos La_Paz or Chuquiyapu ( ` ` chuqui '' , ` gold ' , ` ` yapu '' , ` farm ' ) is the administrative capital of Bolivia , as well as the departmental capital of La Paz Department . As of the 2001 census , La_Paz had a population of about one million .
eos Atop the plateau is the city of El Alto , where the international airport is located . Transportation links between the two cities has improved in recent years .
eos Transportation links between the two cities has improved in recent years . La_Paz is located at 16 ° 30 ' South , 68 ° 8 ' West ( -16.5 , -68.1333 ) .
eos La_Paz is located at 16 ° 30 ' South , 68 ° 8 ' West ( -16.5 , -68.1333 ) . La_Paz name is translated into English as ` ` The Peace '' or ` ` peace . ''
eos La_Paz is located at 16 ° 30 ' South , 68 ° 8 ' West ( -16.5 , -68.1333 ) . La_Paz name is translated into English as ` ` The Peace '' or ` ` peace . '' La_Paz is renowned for
eos La_Paz name is translated into English as ` ` The Peace '' or ` ` peace . '' La_Paz is renowned for La_Paz unique markets , very unusual topography , and traditional culture .
eos 
eos Lagos is the largest city in Nigeria . As only two censuses ( in 1972 and 1991 ) have been taken since independence , estimates of
eos Lagos is the largest city in Nigeria . As only two censuses ( in 1972 and 1991 ) have been taken since independence , estimates of Lagos population vary considerably , but generally range from 10 to 15.5 million people , making
eos Lagos is the largest city in Nigeria . As only two censuses ( in 1972 and 1991 ) have been taken since independence , estimates of Lagos population vary considerably , but generally range from 10 to 15.5 million people , making Lagos one of the most populous cities in Africa .
eos As only two censuses ( in 1972 and 1991 ) have been taken since independence , estimates of Lagos population vary considerably , but generally range from 10 to 15.5 million people , making Lagos one of the most populous cities in Africa . Lagos has grown from a small Yoruba settlement , and undergone periods of domination by two European powers , to become the commercial and population center of Nigeria .
eos As only two censuses ( in 1972 and 1991 ) have been taken since independence , estimates of Lagos population vary considerably , but generally range from 10 to 15.5 million people , making Lagos one of the most populous cities in Africa . Lagos has grown from a small Yoruba settlement , and undergone periods of domination by two European powers , to become the commercial and population center of Nigeria . Lagos is also the former capital city of Nigeria ;
eos Lagos has grown from a small Yoruba settlement , and undergone periods of domination by two European powers , to become the commercial and population center of Nigeria . Lagos is also the former capital city of Nigeria ; Lagos has since been replaced by Abuja . Abuja city officially gained its status as the capital city of Nigeria on 12 december 1991 ; although
eos Lagos has grown from a small Yoruba settlement , and undergone periods of domination by two European powers , to become the commercial and population center of Nigeria . Lagos is also the former capital city of Nigeria ; Lagos has since been replaced by Abuja . Abuja city officially gained its status as the capital city of Nigeria on 12 december 1991 ; although Lagos was stripped of this title much earlier ,
eos 
eos Lahore ( Urdu : لاہور ) is the capital of the province of Punjab , and the second most populated city in Pakistan , sometimes known as the Gardens of the Mughals , after the significant rich heritage of the Mughal Empire .
eos Lahore ( Urdu : لاہور ) is the capital of the province of Punjab , and the second most populated city in Pakistan , sometimes known as the Gardens of the Mughals , after the significant rich heritage of the Mughal Empire . Lahore is located near the river Ravi and the Indian border , Wagah .
eos Lahore ( Urdu : لاہور ) is the capital of the province of Punjab , and the second most populated city in Pakistan , sometimes known as the Gardens of the Mughals , after the significant rich heritage of the Mughal Empire . Lahore is located near the river Ravi and the Indian border , Wagah . Lahore is estimated to have approximately 6.5 million inhabitants , which makes
eos Lahore is located near the river Ravi and the Indian border , Wagah . Lahore is estimated to have approximately 6.5 million inhabitants , which makes Lahore the second largest city in Pakistan , after Karachi .
eos Lahore is estimated to have approximately 6.5 million inhabitants , which makes Lahore the second largest city in Pakistan , after Karachi . Lahore is considered to be one of the thirty largest cities of the world . Since the rise of the Persian Empire ,
eos Lahore is considered to be one of the thirty largest cities of the world . Since the rise of the Persian Empire , Lahore has been given the status of being the capital of nearly every empire that has ruled the region . During 1021 , Mahmud appointed the throne to Ayaz , making
eos Since the rise of the Persian Empire , Lahore has been given the status of being the capital of nearly every empire that has ruled the region . During 1021 , Mahmud appointed the throne to Ayaz , making Lahore the capital of the Ghaznavid Empire . After the fall of the Ghaznavid Empire ,
eos During 1021 , Mahmud appointed the throne to Ayaz , making Lahore the capital of the Ghaznavid Empire . After the fall of the Ghaznavid Empire , Lahore was ruled by various Muslim dynasties including the Khiljis , Tughlaqs , Sayyid , Lodhis and Suris . It was not until 1524AD that
eos After the fall of the Ghaznavid Empire , Lahore was ruled by various Muslim dynasties including the Khiljis , Tughlaqs , Sayyid , Lodhis and Suris . It was not until 1524AD that Lahore became part of the Mughal Empire . It was in 1585AD that Mughal emperor Akbar decided to make
eos It was not until 1524AD that Lahore became part of the Mughal Empire . It was in 1585AD that Mughal emperor Akbar decided to make Lahore the capital of the Mughal Empire . During Akbar 's reign he built the fort that was once the citadel of
eos It was in 1585AD that Mughal emperor Akbar decided to make Lahore the capital of the Mughal Empire . During Akbar 's reign he built the fort that was once the citadel of Lahore . After his death , his son Jahangir took over control and
eos It was in 1585AD that Mughal emperor Akbar decided to make Lahore the capital of the Mughal Empire . During Akbar 's reign he built the fort that was once the citadel of Lahore . After his death , his son Jahangir took over control and Lahore remained the capital for over a century until the Mughal Empire fell and
eos During Akbar 's reign he built the fort that was once the citadel of Lahore . After his death , his son Jahangir took over control and Lahore remained the capital for over a century until the Mughal Empire fell and Lahore was taken over by the Sikhs . The Sikhs ruled the Punjab region for over half a century until the British Raj took control and
eos Mughal architecture can be seen at its full splendour in the Badshahi Mosque , Lahore Fort , Shalimar Gardens and the mausoleums of Jehangir and Nur Jehan . Various buildings originally built by the British ( such as the Lahore High Court ) still retain their Mughal - Gothic style . Punjabi is the language of the province , and is the most widely spoken language in
eos Various buildings originally built by the British ( such as the Lahore High Court ) still retain their Mughal - Gothic style . Punjabi is the language of the province , and is the most widely spoken language in Lahore . Punjabi spoken by the people of
eos Various buildings originally built by the British ( such as the Lahore High Court ) still retain their Mughal - Gothic style . Punjabi is the language of the province , and is the most widely spoken language in Lahore . Punjabi spoken by the people of Lahore is known as Lahori Punjabi due to a mixture of Punjabi and colloquial Urdu spoken in
eos Punjabi is the language of the province , and is the most widely spoken language in Lahore . Punjabi spoken by the people of Lahore is known as Lahori Punjabi due to a mixture of Punjabi and colloquial Urdu spoken in Lahore .
eos Punjabi spoken by the people of Lahore is known as Lahori Punjabi due to a mixture of Punjabi and colloquial Urdu spoken in Lahore . Lahore is largely thought of as the cultural centre of Pakistan .
eos 
eos Libreville ( population 578,156 january 1 , 2005 ) is the capital and largest city of Gabon .
eos Libreville ( population 578,156 january 1 , 2005 ) is the capital and largest city of Gabon . Libreville is a port on the Gabon River , near the Gulf of Guinea , and a trade center for a timber region .
eos 
eos Lilongwe , estimated population 597,619 ( 2003 census ) , is the capital of Malawi .
eos Lilongwe , estimated population 597,619 ( 2003 census ) , is the capital of Malawi . Lilongwe lies in the country 's central region , on the Lilongwe river , near the border of Malawi , Mozambique , and Zambia , and on the main north - south highway of Malawi , the M1 .
eos 
eos Lima is the capital and largest city in Peru , as well as the capital of Lima Province .
eos Lima is the capital and largest city in Peru , as well as the capital of Lima Province . Lima is the cultural , industrial , financial , and transport hub of the country .
eos Lima is the cultural , industrial , financial , and transport hub of the country . Lima is located in an area encompassing the valleys of the Chillón , Rímac and Lurín rivers .
eos Lima is the cultural , industrial , financial , and transport hub of the country . Lima is located in an area encompassing the valleys of the Chillón , Rímac and Lurín rivers . Lima lies on a desertic coast adjacent to the bay in the Pacific Ocean where
eos Lima is located in an area encompassing the valleys of the Chillón , Rímac and Lurín rivers . Lima lies on a desertic coast adjacent to the bay in the Pacific Ocean where Lima port was built and named Callao . Founded by Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro ,
eos Lima lies on a desertic coast adjacent to the bay in the Pacific Ocean where Lima port was built and named Callao . Founded by Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro , Lima is also known as the City of Kings . For more than three centuries ,
eos Founded by Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro , Lima is also known as the City of Kings . For more than three centuries , Lima was the most important city and the greatest metropolis in South America . More than four centuries have passed since Lima founding as a Spanish city , and Lima has become an expression of Peru 's heritage , with nearly one - third of the nation 's population living in
eos Founded by Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro , Lima is also known as the City of Kings . For more than three centuries , Lima was the most important city and the greatest metropolis in South America . More than four centuries have passed since
eos Founded by Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro , Lima is also known as the City of Kings . For more than three centuries , Lima was the most important city and the greatest metropolis in South America . More than four centuries have passed since Lima founding as a Spanish city , and
eos For more than three centuries , Lima was the most important city and the greatest metropolis in South America . More than four centuries have passed since Lima founding as a Spanish city , and Lima has become an expression of Peru 's heritage , with nearly one - third of the nation 's population living in Lima metropolitan area . While there is no formal administrative definition for
eos For more than three centuries , Lima was the most important city and the greatest metropolis in South America . More than four centuries have passed since Lima founding as a Spanish city , and Lima has become an expression of Peru 's heritage , with nearly one - third of the nation 's population living in Lima metropolitan area . While there is no formal administrative definition for Lima ,
eos More than four centuries have passed since Lima founding as a Spanish city , and Lima has become an expression of Peru 's heritage , with nearly one - third of the nation 's population living in Lima metropolitan area . While there is no formal administrative definition for Lima , Lima is generally considered to be comprised of the central 30 out of the 43 districts of Lima province , corresponding roughly to the urban area centered on the historic Cercado de Lima district .
eos 
eos ( Portuguese : Lisboa , IPA : "" IPA : "" liʒ ` boɐ "" "" ) is the capital and largest city of Portugal .
eos "" IPA : "" liʒ ` boɐ "" "" ) is the capital and largest city of Portugal . Lisbon is the seat of the district of Lisbon and capital of Lisboa region .
eos Lisbon has a population of 564 477 ( 2001 ) , and the Lisbon Metropolitan Area has around 2,700,000 inhabitants ( 2005 ) . Lisbon region is the wealthiest region in Portugal and it is well above the European Union 's per capita GDP average .
eos Lisbon hosts two important European Union agencies namely , the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction ( EMCDDA ) and the European Maritime Safety Agency ( EMSA ) . The CPLP ( Community of Portuguese Language Countries ) , is also headquartered in
eos 
eos Ljubljana ( IPA : "" IPA : "" ljub ` ljʌna "" "" ) is the capital and largest city in Slovenia .
eos is the capital and largest city in Slovenia . Ljubljana is the cultural , scientific , economic , political and administrative center of Slovenia .
eos Ljubljana is the cultural , scientific , economic , political and administrative center of Slovenia . Ljubljana is situated in central Slovenia , between the Alps and the Mediterranean .
eos Ljubljana is the cultural , scientific , economic , political and administrative center of Slovenia . Ljubljana is situated in central Slovenia , between the Alps and the Mediterranean . Ljubljana transport connections , concentration of industry , scientific and research institutions and industrial tradition underlie
eos Ljubljana is situated in central Slovenia , between the Alps and the Mediterranean . Ljubljana transport connections , concentration of industry , scientific and research institutions and industrial tradition underlie Ljubljana leading economic position .
eos Ljubljana transport connections , concentration of industry , scientific and research institutions and industrial tradition underlie Ljubljana leading economic position . Ljubljana is the seat of the central government , administrative bodies and all government ministries .
eos 
eos Los_Angeles_California , known around the world as ` ` LA '' or by locals as the ` ` City of Angels '' , is the most populous city in the state of California and the second - most in the United States . One of the world 's major global cities ,
eos One of the world 's major global cities , Los_Angeles_California is located in Southern California and Los_Angeles_California has a population of just over 4 million people , spanning 498 square miles . According to the US Census Bureau , the Los Angeles metropolitan area has a total area of 4,850 square miles and is home to roughly 13 million people .
eos According to the US Census Bureau , the Los Angeles metropolitan area has a total area of 4,850 square miles and is home to roughly 13 million people . Los_Angeles_California is also one of the world 's most multicultural cities .
eos According to the US Census Bureau , the Los Angeles metropolitan area has a total area of 4,850 square miles and is home to roughly 13 million people . Los_Angeles_California is also one of the world 's most multicultural cities . Los_Angeles_California was founded in 1781 though
eos Los_Angeles_California is also one of the world 's most multicultural cities . Los_Angeles_California was founded in 1781 though Los_Angeles_California was not incorporated as a municipality until april 4 , 1850 - five months before California achieved statehood - and Los_Angeles_California is the county seat of Los Angeles County .
eos Los_Angeles_California was founded in 1781 though Los_Angeles_California was not incorporated as a municipality until april 4 , 1850 - five months before California achieved statehood - and Los_Angeles_California is the county seat of Los Angeles County . Los_Angeles_California is one of the world 's most important centers of culture , science , technology , international trade , and higher education , and Los_Angeles_California is home to numerous world - renowned institutions in a broad range of professional and cultural fields .
eos Los_Angeles_California is one of the world 's most important centers of culture , science , technology , international trade , and higher education , and Los_Angeles_California is home to numerous world - renowned institutions in a broad range of professional and cultural fields . Los_Angeles_California has a wide and diverse range of museums , theatres , and galleries . In addition ,
eos Los_Angeles_California is one of the world 's most important centers of culture , science , technology , international trade , and higher education , and Los_Angeles_California is home to numerous world - renowned institutions in a broad range of professional and cultural fields . Los_Angeles_California has a wide and diverse range of museums , theatres , and galleries . In addition , Los_Angeles_California is a leading producer of popular entertainment - such as motion pictures , television , and recorded music - which forms the base of
eos Los_Angeles_California has a wide and diverse range of museums , theatres , and galleries . In addition , Los_Angeles_California is a leading producer of popular entertainment - such as motion pictures , television , and recorded music - which forms the base of Los_Angeles_California international fame and global status . In many circles ,
eos Los_Angeles_California has a wide and diverse range of museums , theatres , and galleries . In addition , Los_Angeles_California is a leading producer of popular entertainment - such as motion pictures , television , and recorded music - which forms the base of Los_Angeles_California international fame and global status . In many circles , Los_Angeles_California is considered the leading center of American popular culture and
eos 
eos Luanda ( formerly called Loanda ) is the largest city and capital of Angola . Located on the Atlantic Ocean ,
eos Luanda ( formerly called Loanda ) is the largest city and capital of Angola . Located on the Atlantic Ocean , Luanda is both Angola 's chief seaport and administrative centre .
eos Located on the Atlantic Ocean , Luanda is both Angola 's chief seaport and administrative centre . Luanda has a population of approximately 4.5 million ( UN 2004 estimates ) , and Luanda is the capital city of Luanda Province .
eos Luanda is located at 8 ° 50 ' 18 '' South , 13 ° 14 ' 4 '' East ( -8.83833 , 13.23444 ) . Manufacturing includes processed foods , beverages , textiles , cement and other construction materials , plastic products , metalware , cigarettes , and shoes . Petroleum , found nearby , is refined in
eos Manufacturing includes processed foods , beverages , textiles , cement and other construction materials , plastic products , metalware , cigarettes , and shoes . Petroleum , found nearby , is refined in Luanda although this facility has been repeatedly damaged during the civil war .
eos Petroleum , found nearby , is refined in Luanda although this facility has been repeatedly damaged during the civil war . Luanda has an excellent natural harbour , and the chief exports are coffee , cotton , sugar , diamonds , iron , and salt .
eos Luanda is divided into two parts , the baixa ( old city ) and the cidade alta ( new part ) . The baixa is situated next to the port and has narrow streets and old colonial buildings . The inhabitants of
eos 
eos Madrid is the capital of Spain and the third most populous city in the European Union .
eos Madrid is the capital of Spain and the third most populous city in the European Union . Madrid is also the largest city in Spain , as well as in the province and the autonomous community of the same name .
eos Madrid is also the largest city in Spain , as well as in the province and the autonomous community of the same name . Madrid is located on the river Manzanares in the center of the country , between the autonomous communities of Castilla - León and Castilla - La Mancha . Due to
eos Madrid is also the largest city in Spain , as well as in the province and the autonomous community of the same name . Madrid is located on the river Manzanares in the center of the country , between the autonomous communities of Castilla - León and Castilla - La Mancha . Due to Madrid geographical location , wealth and history ,
eos Madrid is located on the river Manzanares in the center of the country , between the autonomous communities of Castilla - León and Castilla - La Mancha . Due to Madrid geographical location , wealth and history , Madrid is considered one of the financial centers of the Iberian Peninsula , together with Lisbon , and the political center of Spain . As the capital of the Spanish Empire ,
eos Due to Madrid geographical location , wealth and history , Madrid is considered one of the financial centers of the Iberian Peninsula , together with Lisbon , and the political center of Spain . As the capital of the Spanish Empire , Madrid is a city of great cultural and political importance . While
eos Due to Madrid geographical location , wealth and history , Madrid is considered one of the financial centers of the Iberian Peninsula , together with Lisbon , and the political center of Spain . As the capital of the Spanish Empire , Madrid is a city of great cultural and political importance . While Madrid possesses a modern infrastructure ,
eos Due to Madrid geographical location , wealth and history , Madrid is considered one of the financial centers of the Iberian Peninsula , together with Lisbon , and the political center of Spain . As the capital of the Spanish Empire , Madrid is a city of great cultural and political importance . While Madrid possesses a modern infrastructure , Madrid has preserved the look and feel of many of
eos As the capital of the Spanish Empire , Madrid is a city of great cultural and political importance . While Madrid possesses a modern infrastructure , Madrid has preserved the look and feel of many of Madrid historic neighborhoods and streets .
eos While Madrid possesses a modern infrastructure , Madrid has preserved the look and feel of many of Madrid historic neighborhoods and streets . Madrid landmarks include the huge Royal Palace of Madrid ; a restored 1850 opera house ; the Buen Retiro park , opened in 1631 ; the imposing 19th - century building containing the Spanish National Library ( founded 1712 ) ; the national archives ; an archaeological museum of international reptuation ; and three superb art museums : Prado Museum , which houses one of the finest art collections in the world , the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía , a museum of modern art , and the Thyssen - Bornemisza Museum , housed in the renovated Villahermosa Palace . The population of
eos The population of Madrid was 3.5 million ( december 2005 ) , while the estimated urban area population is 5.5 million . The entire population of the Madrid metropolitan area ( urban area and suburbs ) is calculated to be 5.84 million .
eos The entire population of the Madrid metropolitan area ( urban area and suburbs ) is calculated to be 5.84 million . Madrid spans a total of 607 km ² ( 234 square miles ) . Following the restoration of democracy in 1975 and Spain 's integration into the European Union ,
eos The entire population of the Madrid metropolitan area ( urban area and suburbs ) is calculated to be 5.84 million . Madrid spans a total of 607 km ² ( 234 square miles ) . Following the restoration of democracy in 1975 and Spain 's integration into the European Union , Madrid has played an increasing role in European finances , marking
eos Madrid spans a total of 607 km ² ( 234 square miles ) . Following the restoration of democracy in 1975 and Spain 's integration into the European Union , Madrid has played an increasing role in European finances , marking Madrid as one of the most important European metropolises . The residents of
eos Following the restoration of democracy in 1975 and Spain 's integration into the European Union , Madrid has played an increasing role in European finances , marking Madrid as one of the most important European metropolises . The residents of Madrid are called Madrileños , and the current mayor is Alberto Ruiz - Gallardón , of the centre - right Partido Popular . See Wiktionary for the name of
eos 
eos Majuro , population 25,400 ( as of 2004 ) , is the capital of the Republic of the Marshall Islands . Built on an atoll of 64 islands , the Majuro Atoll ,
eos Darrit is mostly residential and has a primary and a secondary school . At the western end of the atoll , about 30 miles from D - U - D by road , is the community of Laura , a growing residential area with a popular beach . Marshall Islands High School is near the north end of
eos At the western end of the atoll , about 30 miles from D - U - D by road , is the community of Laura , a growing residential area with a popular beach . Marshall Islands High School is near the north end of Majuro , in Rita .
eos The atoll itself has a land area of only 3.75 sq mi ( 9.7 km ² ) , but encloses a lagoon of 113.92 sq mi ( 295 km ² ) . Sport fishing is popular , and underwater divers are attracted to the area .
eos The atoll itself has a land area of only 3.75 sq mi ( 9.7 km ² ) , but encloses a lagoon of 113.92 sq mi ( 295 km ² ) . Sport fishing is popular , and underwater divers are attracted to the area . Majuro and Kwajalein serve as the transportation hubs for the Marshall Islands , both for air service and shipping , though
eos Sport fishing is popular , and underwater divers are attracted to the area . Majuro and Kwajalein serve as the transportation hubs for the Marshall Islands , both for air service and shipping , though Majuro is more used because of Kwajalein 's restricted military status . During World War II , on january 30 , 1944 United States troops invaded
eos 
eos Malabo is the capital city of Equatorial Guinea , located on the northern coast of Bioko Island ( formerly Fernando Póo ) .
eos Malabo is the capital city of Equatorial Guinea , located on the northern coast of Bioko Island ( formerly Fernando Póo ) . Malabo population has grown rapidly over the past ten years to about 100,000 .
eos Malabo population has grown rapidly over the past ten years to about 100,000 . Malabo is located at 3 ° 45 ' North , 8 ° 45 ' East ( 3.75 , 8.75 ) .
eos Malabo is located at 3 ° 45 ' North , 8 ° 45 ' East ( 3.75 , 8.75 ) . Malabo was first founded by the British in 1827 , who leased the island from Spain during the colonial period . Named Port Clarence ,
eos Named Port Clarence , Malabo was used as a naval station in the effort to suppress the slave trade . Many newly freed slaves were also settled there , prior to the establishment of Sierra Leone as a colony for freed slaves . While many of them later relocated to Sierra Leone , some of their descendants , called Fernandinos , can still be found in
eos Many newly freed slaves were also settled there , prior to the establishment of Sierra Leone as a colony for freed slaves . While many of them later relocated to Sierra Leone , some of their descendants , called Fernandinos , can still be found in Malabo and the surrounding area , where they constitute a distinct ethnic group , speaking their own Afro - Portuguese pidgin dialect . When the island reverted to complete Spanish control ,
eos While many of them later relocated to Sierra Leone , some of their descendants , called Fernandinos , can still be found in Malabo and the surrounding area , where they constitute a distinct ethnic group , speaking their own Afro - Portuguese pidgin dialect . When the island reverted to complete Spanish control , Malabo was renamed Santa Isabel .
eos When the island reverted to complete Spanish control , Malabo was renamed Santa Isabel . Malabo was chosen to replace the mainland town of Bata as the capital of the country in 1969 , and Malabo was renamed Malabo in 1973 as part of President Francisco Macías Nguema 's campaign to replace European place names with ` ` authentic '' African ones . During his ` ` reign of terror , '' Macías Nguema led a near - genocide of the country 's Bubi minority , which formed the majority on Bioko Island , and brought many of his own tribespeople , the Fang to
eos Malabo was chosen to replace the mainland town of Bata as the capital of the country in 1969 , and Malabo was renamed Malabo in 1973 as part of President Francisco Macías Nguema 's campaign to replace European place names with ` ` authentic '' African ones . During his ` ` reign of terror , '' Macías Nguema led a near - genocide of the country 's Bubi minority , which formed the majority on Bioko Island , and brought many of his own tribespeople , the Fang to Malabo . In the final years of his rule , when Equatorial Guinea was sometimes known as the ` ` Auschwitz of Africa , '' much of
eos During his ` ` reign of terror , '' Macías Nguema led a near - genocide of the country 's Bubi minority , which formed the majority on Bioko Island , and brought many of his own tribespeople , the Fang to Malabo . In the final years of his rule , when Equatorial Guinea was sometimes known as the ` ` Auschwitz of Africa , '' much of Malabo population fled as , indeed , about one - third of the country 's population .
eos 
eos Male ( Dhivehi : މާލެ ) , ( pronounced : ` ` Maa - lay '' ) population 81,647 ( 2004 ) , is the capital of the Republic of Maldives .
eos population 81,647 ( 2004 ) , is the capital of the Republic of Maldives . Male is located on Malé Island in the Kaafu Atoll . Although
eos population 81,647 ( 2004 ) , is the capital of the Republic of Maldives . Male is located on Malé Island in the Kaafu Atoll . Although Male is geographically located in Kaafu Atoll , administratively
eos Malé International Airport is on adjacent Hulhule Island which includes a seaplane base for internal transportation . Several land reclamation projects have expanded the harbour .
eos Several land reclamation projects have expanded the harbour . Male is located at 4 ° 10 ' North , 73 ° 30 ' East ( 4.1667 , 73.5 ) .
eos Male is located at 4 ° 10 ' North , 73 ° 30 ' East ( 4.1667 , 73.5 ) . Male was founded by Portuguese traders in the 16th century . The island is heavily urbanised ,
eos Male was founded by Portuguese traders in the 16th century . The island is heavily urbanised , Male taking up essentially its entire landmass .
eos The island is heavily urbanised , Male taking up essentially its entire landmass . Male is the world 's most densely populated city ( see list of selected cities by population density ) . Slightly less than one third of the nation 's population lives in
eos Slightly less than one third of the nation 's population lives in Male . Many , if not most , Maldivians and foreign workers in Maldives find themselves in occasional short term residence on the island due to it being the only entry point to the nation and the center of all administration and bureaucracy .
eos Many , if not most , Maldivians and foreign workers in Maldives find themselves in occasional short term residence on the island due to it being the only entry point to the nation and the center of all administration and bureaucracy . Male is divided into four divisions ; Henveiru , Galolhu , Maafannu and Machangolhi .
eos Male is divided into four divisions ; Henveiru , Galolhu , Maafannu and Machangolhi . Male was struck by the tsunami that swept across the western coast of Sumatra on december 26 2004 .
eos Male is divided into four divisions ; Henveiru , Galolhu , Maafannu and Machangolhi . Male was struck by the tsunami that swept across the western coast of Sumatra on december 26 2004 . Male was affected by the Indian Ocean earthquake which followed with the waves flooding two - thirds of
eos 
eos Managua , with a population of about 1,380,100 , is the capital city of Nicaragua . Situated on the southwestern shore of Lake Managua , at 12 ° 9 ` N , 86 ° 16 ` W ,
eos Managua , with a population of about 1,380,100 , is the capital city of Nicaragua . Situated on the southwestern shore of Lake Managua , at 12 ° 9 ` N , 86 ° 16 ` W , Managua was made the national capital in 1857 ; previously the capital had alternated between the cities of León and Granada .
eos Managua is overwhelmingly populated by Spanish - speaking Whites and Mestizos . There are also third , fourth and fifth generation communities of Catalonians , Germans , Italians , and French as well as Middle Easterners . Asians - entirely Japanese and Chinese ( both Mainlanders and Taiwanese ) - recently there has also been a growing number of Americans moving to
eos There are also third , fourth and fifth generation communities of Catalonians , Germans , Italians , and French as well as Middle Easterners . Asians - entirely Japanese and Chinese ( both Mainlanders and Taiwanese ) - recently there has also been a growing number of Americans moving to Managua and Nicaragua in general due to cheap real estate prices compared to neighbouring Costa Rica .
eos Asians - entirely Japanese and Chinese ( both Mainlanders and Taiwanese ) - recently there has also been a growing number of Americans moving to Managua and Nicaragua in general due to cheap real estate prices compared to neighbouring Costa Rica . Managua is considered to be the safest city in Central America and one of the safest cities in all of the Americas , surprisingly much more than many North American cities .
eos Managua is considered to be the safest city in Central America and one of the safest cities in all of the Americas , surprisingly much more than many North American cities . Managua has been witness to many of the rises and falls of political powers across the history of Nicaragua , and also suffering two devastating earthquakes in the 20th century alone . Nonetheless
eos Managua is considered to be the safest city in Central America and one of the safest cities in all of the Americas , surprisingly much more than many North American cities . Managua has been witness to many of the rises and falls of political powers across the history of Nicaragua , and also suffering two devastating earthquakes in the 20th century alone . Nonetheless Managua has proved to be a tenacious city and Managua still stands , as
eos Managua has been witness to many of the rises and falls of political powers across the history of Nicaragua , and also suffering two devastating earthquakes in the 20th century alone . Nonetheless Managua has proved to be a tenacious city and Managua still stands , as Managua continues to be an interesting and developing place , growing quite impressively .
eos Nonetheless Managua has proved to be a tenacious city and Managua still stands , as Managua continues to be an interesting and developing place , growing quite impressively . Managua is also considered somewhat confusing for visitors , because street names are generally not used . After the 1972 earthquake many of
eos 
eos Maputo is the capital of Mozambique . A port on the Indian Ocean ,
eos Maputo is the capital of Mozambique . A port on the Indian Ocean , Maputo economy is centered around the harbour .
eos Maputo has an official population of approximately 966,837 ( 1997 ) , but the actual population is estimated to be much higher due to slums and other unofficial settlements . Coal , cotton , sugar , chrome , sisal , copra , and hardwood are the chief exports .
eos Maputo manufactures cement , pottery , furniture , shoes , and rubber . There is also a large aluminium smelting plant , Mozal .
eos Maputo manufactures cement , pottery , furniture , shoes , and rubber . There is also a large aluminium smelting plant , Mozal . Maputo is surrounded by Maputo Province , but Maputo is administered as
eos There is also a large aluminium smelting plant , Mozal . Maputo is surrounded by Maputo Province , but Maputo is administered as Maputo own province .
eos Maputo is surrounded by Maputo Province , but Maputo is administered as Maputo own province . Maputo is located at 25 ° 54 ' 55 '' South , 32 ° 34 ' 35 '' East ( -25.915278 , 32.576389 ) .
eos The bay is 95 km ( 50 mi ) long and 30 km ( 20 mi ) wide . The Maputo River empties into the southern end of the bay . Founded in the late 18th century ,
eos The Maputo River empties into the southern end of the bay . Founded in the late 18th century , Maputo was named Lourenço Marques for Lourenço Marques , the Portuguese trader who was the first European to explore the area in 1544 . In 1895 , construction of a railroad to Pretoria , South Africa caused
eos Founded in the late 18th century , Maputo was named Lourenço Marques for Lourenço Marques , the Portuguese trader who was the first European to explore the area in 1544 . In 1895 , construction of a railroad to Pretoria , South Africa caused Maputo population to grow . In 1898 ,
eos In 1895 , construction of a railroad to Pretoria , South Africa caused Maputo population to grow . In 1898 , Maputo became the capital of Mozambique . During the Second Boer War , Winston Churchill , after being captured by the Boers , made a daring escape to
eos In 1898 , Maputo became the capital of Mozambique . During the Second Boer War , Winston Churchill , after being captured by the Boers , made a daring escape to Maputo by slipping past the sentries . After independence ,
eos During the Second Boer War , Winston Churchill , after being captured by the Boers , made a daring escape to Maputo by slipping past the sentries . After independence , Maputo name was changed to Maputo .
eos After independence , Maputo name was changed to Maputo . Maputo name reputedly has its origin in an old , fierce tribal leader , Maputa , who once ruled over the region .
eos Maputo name reputedly has its origin in an old , fierce tribal leader , Maputa , who once ruled over the region . Maputo holds the Universidade Eduardo Mondlane , Mozambique 's first university .
eos Maputo holds the Universidade Eduardo Mondlane , Mozambique 's first university . Maputo also has a museum of Mozambique history , a military museum , and the Roman Catholic Cathedral of Our Lady of Fatima .
eos Maputo also has a museum of Mozambique history , a military museum , and the Roman Catholic Cathedral of Our Lady of Fatima . Maputo is a planned city with square blocks and wide avenues , with Portuguese traces and their typical architecture of the 70s . The Portuguese left in massive numbers at the end of the independence war in 1975 , and the resultant lack of skills and capital , in the context of a fierce civil war and government mismanagement , contributed to
eos Maputo is a planned city with square blocks and wide avenues , with Portuguese traces and their typical architecture of the 70s . The Portuguese left in massive numbers at the end of the independence war in 1975 , and the resultant lack of skills and capital , in the context of a fierce civil war and government mismanagement , contributed to Maputo state of dereliction in the years following the declaration of peace . Nevertheless ,
eos Maputo is a planned city with square blocks and wide avenues , with Portuguese traces and their typical architecture of the 70s . The Portuguese left in massive numbers at the end of the independence war in 1975 , and the resultant lack of skills and capital , in the context of a fierce civil war and government mismanagement , contributed to Maputo state of dereliction in the years following the declaration of peace . Nevertheless , Maputo was never damaged , since
eos The Maputo beach has been spoiled by waste dumped into the bay , so not many people want to spend time on it . However , the sea condition seems to be improving , and hopefuly , if linked with proper sanitary measures , changes could be noticeable in the future . Nowadays ,
eos 
eos Mbabane , with an estimated population of 70,000 ( 2003 ) , is the capital of Swaziland .
eos Mbabane , with an estimated population of 70,000 ( 2003 ) , is the capital of Swaziland . Mbabane is located on the Mbabane River and its tributary the Polinjane River in the Mdimba Mountains at 26 ° 19 ' South , 31 ° 8 ' East ( -26.31667 , 31.1333 ) .
eos Mbabane is located on the Mbabane River and its tributary the Polinjane River in the Mdimba Mountains at 26 ° 19 ' South , 31 ° 8 ' East ( -26.31667 , 31.1333 ) . Mbabane grew after the nation 's administrative centre moved from Manzini in 1902 .
eos Mbabane grew after the nation 's administrative centre moved from Manzini in 1902 . Mbabane is also a commercial hub for the surrounding region , while tin and iron are mined nearby .
eos Mbabane is also a commercial hub for the surrounding region , while tin and iron are mined nearby . Mbabane closest border crossing to South Africa is Ngwenya - Oshoek , and though siSwati is the primary language , English is widespread .
eos 
eos Melbourne ( pronounced either "" IPA : / ˈmelbən / "" or "" IPA : / ˈmælbən / "" ) is the second most populous city in Australia , with a metropolitan area population of approximately 3.7 million ( 2006 estimate ) . Located in the country 's south - east ,
eos is the second most populous city in Australia , with a metropolitan area population of approximately 3.7 million ( 2006 estimate ) . Located in the country 's south - east , Melbourne is the state capital of Victoria and Melbourne is home to over 70 % of all Victorians . Founded by free - settlers in 1835 , 47 years after the first European settlement of Australia ,
eos Located in the country 's south - east , Melbourne is the state capital of Victoria and Melbourne is home to over 70 % of all Victorians . Founded by free - settlers in 1835 , 47 years after the first European settlement of Australia , Melbourne was transformed from a small pastoral settlement into a growing metropolis by the Victorian gold rush in the 1850s . By 1865 ,
eos Founded by free - settlers in 1835 , 47 years after the first European settlement of Australia , Melbourne was transformed from a small pastoral settlement into a growing metropolis by the Victorian gold rush in the 1850s . By 1865 , Melbourne was Australia 's most populous and important city .
eos By 1865 , Melbourne was Australia 's most populous and important city . Melbourne served as the temporary national capital from the Federation of Australia until the construction of Canberra in 1927 . Today ,
eos Melbourne served as the temporary national capital from the Federation of Australia until the construction of Canberra in 1927 . Today , Melbourne is a major centre of commerce , industry and cultural activity . Often referred to as both the ` ` cultural capital of Australia '' and the ` ` sporting capital of Australia '' ,
eos 
eos Muqdisho , popularly Xamar ; "" Arabic : مقديشو "" Maqadīshū ; "" Italian : Mogadiscio "" ) , is the largest city in Somalia , and its nominal capital .
eos Muqdisho , popularly Xamar ; "" Arabic : مقديشو "" Maqadīshū ; "" Italian : Mogadiscio "" ) , is the largest city in Somalia , and its nominal capital . Mogadishu lies on the historically important Indian Ocean Benadir coast , and
eos "" Italian : Mogadiscio "" ) , is the largest city in Somalia , and its nominal capital . Mogadishu lies on the historically important Indian Ocean Benadir coast , and Mogadishu has served as an important regional port for centuries . With the 1991 collapse of central governance in Somalia ,
eos Mogadishu lies on the historically important Indian Ocean Benadir coast , and Mogadishu has served as an important regional port for centuries . With the 1991 collapse of central governance in Somalia , Mogadishu has seen 15 years of fighting by rival militias . However , since june 2006 ,
eos With the 1991 collapse of central governance in Somalia , Mogadishu has seen 15 years of fighting by rival militias . However , since june 2006 , Mogadishu has seen unusual peace and stabiliy , thanks to the Islamic Courts Union - though the group is thought by some to have links within the courts with al - Qaeda with plans to overthrow the Somali government . With no government and an unstable situation , estimates of
eos 
eos Montevideo - pron "" IPA : monteβi ` ðeo "" is the capital , largest city , and chief port of Uruguay . Given that
eos Montevideo - pron "" IPA : monteβi ` ðeo "" is the capital , largest city , and chief port of Uruguay . Given that Montevideo is more than twice as large as any other city in the country ,
eos Montevideo - pron "" IPA : monteβi ` ðeo "" is the capital , largest city , and chief port of Uruguay . Given that Montevideo is more than twice as large as any other city in the country , Montevideo is considered a primate city . As of april 2006 ,
eos 
eos mɒ̃ɾeal / "" in some varieties of Quebec French ) is the second largest city in Canada and the largest city in the province of Quebec .
eos "" in some varieties of Quebec French ) is the second largest city in Canada and the largest city in the province of Quebec . Montreal is the largest French speaking city in the Western Hemisphere , and Montreal is the French language hub outside of France . At the 2001 Canadian Census , 1,588,590 people lived on the current territory of
eos At the 2001 Canadian Census , 1,588,590 people lived on the current territory of Montreal ( new 2006 demerged territory / the island of Montreal is about 1,900,000 ) . The population of the Montreal Census Metropolitan Area ( also known as Greater Montreal Area ) is estimated at 3,720,000 in 2006 .
eos The population of the Montreal Census Metropolitan Area ( also known as Greater Montreal Area ) is estimated at 3,720,000 in 2006 . Montreal is ranked as the 15th - largest metropolitan area in Northern America and 77th in the world . In 2006 , both Traveler 's Digest and AskMendotcom ranked
eos The population of the Montreal Census Metropolitan Area ( also known as Greater Montreal Area ) is estimated at 3,720,000 in 2006 . Montreal is ranked as the 15th - largest metropolitan area in Northern America and 77th in the world . In 2006 , both Traveler 's Digest and AskMendotcom ranked Montreal as the number one city in the world to live in for
eos 
eos Moscow ( "" Russian : Москва́ "" , Moskva , IPA : "" mʌsk ` va "" ) is the capital of Russia and the country 's principal political , economic , financial , educational , and transportation center , located on the Moskva River in the Central Federal District , located in the European part of Russia .
eos "" mʌsk ` va "" ) is the capital of Russia and the country 's principal political , economic , financial , educational , and transportation center , located on the Moskva River in the Central Federal District , located in the European part of Russia . Moscow population of 10.4 million permanent inhabitants within the city boundaries constitutes about 7 % of the total Russian population . Likewise ,
eos Moscow population of 10.4 million permanent inhabitants within the city boundaries constitutes about 7 % of the total Russian population . Likewise , Moscow is the most populous city in Europe . Historically ,
eos Likewise , Moscow is the most populous city in Europe . Historically , Moscow position was central in the Russian homeland .
eos Historically , Moscow position was central in the Russian homeland . Moscow was the capital of the former Soviet Union and Muscovite Russia , the pre - Imperial Russian state .
eos Moscow was the capital of the former Soviet Union and Muscovite Russia , the pre - Imperial Russian state . Moscow is the site of the famous Kremlin , which now serves as the ceremonial residence of the President .
eos Moscow is the site of the famous Kremlin , which now serves as the ceremonial residence of the President . Moscow architecture and performing arts culture are world - renowned .
eos Moscow is also well known as the site of Saint Basil 's Cathedral , with its elegant onion domes , as well as the Cathedral of Christ the Savior . The Patriarch of Moscow , whose residence is the Danilov Monastery , serves as the head of the Russian Orthodox Church . Moscow also remains a major economic center and Moscow is home to a large number of billionaires ;
eos Moscow is also well known as the site of Saint Basil 's Cathedral , with its elegant onion domes , as well as the Cathedral of Christ the Savior . The Patriarch of Moscow , whose residence is the Danilov Monastery , serves as the head of the Russian Orthodox Church .
eos The Patriarch of Moscow , whose residence is the Danilov Monastery , serves as the head of the Russian Orthodox Church . Moscow also remains a major economic center and Moscow is home to a large number of billionaires ; Moscow is perennially considered one of the most expensive cities for expatriate employees in the world .
eos Moscow also remains a major economic center and Moscow is home to a large number of billionaires ; Moscow is perennially considered one of the most expensive cities for expatriate employees in the world . Moscow is home to many scientific and educational institutions , as well as numerous sport facilities .
eos Moscow is home to many scientific and educational institutions , as well as numerous sport facilities . Moscow possesses a complex transport system that includes the world 's busiest metro system , which is famous for its architecture .
eos 
eos Multan ( Urdu : ملتان ) is a city in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , and capital of Multan District .
eos Multan ( Urdu : ملتان ) is a city in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , and capital of Multan District . Multan is located in the southern part of the province , and Multan is steeped in history .
eos Multan ( Urdu : ملتان ) is a city in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , and capital of Multan District . Multan is located in the southern part of the province , and Multan is steeped in history . Multan has a population of over 3.8 million ( according to 1998 census ) , making
eos Multan is located in the southern part of the province , and Multan is steeped in history . Multan has a population of over 3.8 million ( according to 1998 census ) , making Multan the sixth largest city in Pakistan .
eos Multan has a population of over 3.8 million ( according to 1998 census ) , making Multan the sixth largest city in Pakistan . Multan is built just east of the Chenab River , more or less in the geographic center of the country , and about 966 km from Karachi .
eos 
eos Muscat_Oman ( Arabic : مسقط ) is the capital and largest city in the Sultanate of Oman .
eos Muscat_Oman ( Arabic : مسقط ) is the capital and largest city in the Sultanate of Oman . Muscat_Oman is the largest city in the mintaqah ( governorate ) of Muscat ( sometimes referred to as Masqat to differentiate it from
eos Muscat_Oman ( Arabic : مسقط ) is the capital and largest city in the Sultanate of Oman . Muscat_Oman is the largest city in the mintaqah ( governorate ) of Muscat ( sometimes referred to as Masqat to differentiate it from Muscat_Oman ) .
eos Muscat_Oman is the largest city in the mintaqah ( governorate ) of Muscat ( sometimes referred to as Masqat to differentiate it from Muscat_Oman ) . Muscat_Oman has a 2005 estimated population of 650,000 . The greater metropolitan area of
eos Muscat_Oman has a 2005 estimated population of 650,000 . The greater metropolitan area of Muscat_Oman , known locally as the ` Capital Area ' , currently covers an area of approximately 1500 km ² . Since Oman 's ` Renaissance ' of modernization began in 1970 ( see below ) ,
eos Muscat_Oman has a 2005 estimated population of 650,000 . The greater metropolitan area of Muscat_Oman , known locally as the ` Capital Area ' , currently covers an area of approximately 1500 km ² . Since Oman 's ` Renaissance ' of modernization began in 1970 ( see below ) , Muscat_Oman has seen an explosion of infrastructure development and urbanization , and , as has been the case in so many other cities worldwide , towns which were once distinct have been subsumed within the sprawling growth of
eos * East Muscat : Wuttayah , Ruwi , Matrah , Kalbuh , Old Muscat , Sidab and Al - Bustan In general ,
eos Wuttayah , Ruwi , Matrah , Kalbuh , Old Muscat , Sidab and Al - Bustan In general , Muscat_Oman presents a relatively homogeneous appearance of low ( rarely more than five story ) , generally white buildings , with residential , government , and commercial architecture frequently recalling , at least by allusion , historic regional styles . For a city at the edge of the Arabian peninsula and in Oman 's sometimes fierce climate ,
eos 
eos NDjamena ( IPA : "" IPA : "" nˈʤɑmɛnə "" "" , Arabic Niǧāmīnā نجامينا ) , population 721,000 ( 2005 ) , is the capital of Chad , and also by far the country 's biggest city . A port on the Chari River , near to the confluence with the Logone River ,
eos NDjamena ( IPA : "" IPA : "" nˈʤɑmɛnə "" "" , Arabic Niǧāmīnā نجامينا ) , population 721,000 ( 2005 ) , is the capital of Chad , and also by far the country 's biggest city . A port on the Chari River , near to the confluence with the Logone River , NDjamena directly faces the Cameroonian town of Kousséri , by which
eos "" IPA : "" nˈʤɑmɛnə "" "" , Arabic Niǧāmīnā نجامينا ) , population 721,000 ( 2005 ) , is the capital of Chad , and also by far the country 's biggest city . A port on the Chari River , near to the confluence with the Logone River , NDjamena directly faces the Cameroonian town of Kousséri , by which NDjamena is connected by a bridge .
eos A port on the Chari River , near to the confluence with the Logone River , NDjamena directly faces the Cameroonian town of Kousséri , by which NDjamena is connected by a bridge . NDjamena is also a special statute region , divided in 10 arondissements .
eos 
eos Nagpur pronunciation ( ` Marathi : ' ` नागपुर ' ) is the largest city in central India and the third largest city in the western state of Maharashtra after Mumbai and Pune . With a population of 2.1 million ( 2001 Census ) ,
eos Nagpur pronunciation ( ` Marathi : ' ` नागपुर ' ) is the largest city in central India and the third largest city in the western state of Maharashtra after Mumbai and Pune . With a population of 2.1 million ( 2001 Census ) , Nagpur was the nation 's 13th largest urban conglomeration in 2001 and the foremost city in Maharashtra 's eastern Vidarbha region , in addition to being the state 's Winter Capital and the headquarters of Nagpur District and Nagpur Division administrations . On a global scale ,
eos With a population of 2.1 million ( 2001 Census ) , Nagpur was the nation 's 13th largest urban conglomeration in 2001 and the foremost city in Maharashtra 's eastern Vidarbha region , in addition to being the state 's Winter Capital and the headquarters of Nagpur District and Nagpur Division administrations . On a global scale , Nagpur is estimated to be the 114th largest city and 143rd largest urban area in the world in 2006 in terms of population .
eos With a population of 2.1 million ( 2001 Census ) , Nagpur was the nation 's 13th largest urban conglomeration in 2001 and the foremost city in Maharashtra 's eastern Vidarbha region , in addition to being the state 's Winter Capital and the headquarters of Nagpur District and Nagpur Division administrations . On a global scale , Nagpur is estimated to be the 114th largest city and 143rd largest urban area in the world in 2006 in terms of population . Nagpur is also important geographically as
eos On a global scale , Nagpur is estimated to be the 114th largest city and 143rd largest urban area in the world in 2006 in terms of population . Nagpur is also important geographically as Nagpur lies practically at the centre of India with the country 's geographical centre ( Zero Mile ) being situated here .
eos On a global scale , Nagpur is estimated to be the 114th largest city and 143rd largest urban area in the world in 2006 in terms of population . Nagpur is also important geographically as Nagpur lies practically at the centre of India with the country 's geographical centre ( Zero Mile ) being situated here . Nagpur is also famous throughout India as a trade centre for high - quality oranges grown in the region and hence
eos Nagpur is also important geographically as Nagpur lies practically at the centre of India with the country 's geographical centre ( Zero Mile ) being situated here . Nagpur is also famous throughout India as a trade centre for high - quality oranges grown in the region and hence Nagpur is also known as Santra Nagari ( Hindi and Marathi for ` Orange City ' ) . Recently ,
eos Nagpur is also important geographically as Nagpur lies practically at the centre of India with the country 's geographical centre ( Zero Mile ) being situated here . Nagpur is also famous throughout India as a trade centre for high - quality oranges grown in the region and hence Nagpur is also known as Santra Nagari ( Hindi and Marathi for ` Orange City ' ) . Recently , Nagpur celebrated 300 years of
eos 
eos Naypyidaw ( also spelt Nay Pyi Taw ) is the national capital of Myanmar , located in Pyinmana Township of Mandalay Division . The administrative capital of Myanmar was officially moved to a militarised greenfield site two miles west of Pyinmana on 6 november 2005 .
eos The administrative capital of Myanmar was officially moved to a militarised greenfield site two miles west of Pyinmana on 6 november 2005 . Naypyidaw is approximately 320 kilometres north of Yangon .
eos 
eos Nicosia , known locally as Lefkosia ( Greek : Λευκωσία , also colloquially Khora , Χώρα or Turkish : Lefkoşa ) is the capital and largest city of Cyprus .
eos Λευκωσία , also colloquially Khora , Χώρα or Turkish : Lefkoşa ) is the capital and largest city of Cyprus . Nicosia is located at 35 ° 10 ' north , 33 ° 21 ' east ( 35.1667 , 33.35 ) . Located on the Pedieos river and situated roughly in the centre of the island ,
eos Nicosia is located at 35 ° 10 ' north , 33 ° 21 ' east ( 35.1667 , 33.35 ) . Located on the Pedieos river and situated roughly in the centre of the island , Nicosia is the seat of government as well as the main business centre .
eos Nicosia is located at 35 ° 10 ' north , 33 ° 21 ' east ( 35.1667 , 33.35 ) . Located on the Pedieos river and situated roughly in the centre of the island , Nicosia is the seat of government as well as the main business centre . Nicosia is the center and capital of an administrative district ( Nicosia District ) , and after the fall of the Berlin Wall ,
eos Located on the Pedieos river and situated roughly in the centre of the island , Nicosia is the seat of government as well as the main business centre . Nicosia is the center and capital of an administrative district ( Nicosia District ) , and after the fall of the Berlin Wall , Nicosia is currently the only divided capital city in the world , with the northern ( Turkish ) and southern ( Greek ) portions divided by the ` ` Green Line '' , a demilitarized zone maintained by the United Nations , although unlike Cold War East and West Berlin , few use the terms ` ` North Nicosia '' and ` ` South Nicosia '' . The 1974 Turkish invasion and occupation of 36 percent of the island 's territory literally cut
eos Nicosia is the center and capital of an administrative district ( Nicosia District ) , and after the fall of the Berlin Wall , Nicosia is currently the only divided capital city in the world , with the northern ( Turkish ) and southern ( Greek ) portions divided by the ` ` Green Line '' , a demilitarized zone maintained by the United Nations , although unlike Cold War East and West Berlin , few use the terms ` ` North Nicosia '' and ` ` South Nicosia '' . The 1974 Turkish invasion and occupation of 36 percent of the island 's territory literally cut Nicosia in half . The Turkish Cypriots use
eos The 1974 Turkish invasion and occupation of 36 percent of the island 's territory literally cut Nicosia in half . The Turkish Cypriots use Nicosia as the capital of the area known as the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus , which is a state not recognized by any country in the world , except Turkey . The population of the part of
eos The Turkish Cypriots use Nicosia as the capital of the area known as the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus , which is a state not recognized by any country in the world , except Turkey . The population of the part of Nicosia under the control of the Republic of Cyprus is 206,200 ( end of 2001 ) .
eos The population of the part of Nicosia under the control of the Republic of Cyprus is 206,200 ( end of 2001 ) . Nicosia is a modern , dynamic capital with lots of shops , restaurants and entertainment .
eos Nicosia is a trade center and manufactures textiles , leather , pottery , plastic , and other products . Copper mines are nearby .
eos 
eos Nouakchott ( Arabic : نواكشوط or انواكشوط "" alleged translation from berberic ` ` The place of the winds '' "" Nawākšūṭ ) is the capital and by far the largest city of Mauritania , and Nouakchott is Sahara 's largest city if one excludes marginal cases like Cairo ( in the Nile River Delta ) and the cities north of the Atlas Mountains on Africa 's northern coast .
eos 
eos Omdurman or Omdur ( Standard Arabic Umm Durmān أم درمان ) is the largest city in Sudan , lying on the western banks of the river Nile , opposite the capital , Khartoum .
eos ( Standard Arabic Umm Durmān أم درمان ) is the largest city in Sudan , lying on the western banks of the river Nile , opposite the capital , Khartoum . Omdurman has a population of over 1.2 million ( 1993 ) and Omdurman is the largest city in the country and the national center of commerce . With Khartoum and Khartoum North or Bahri ,
eos 
eos Panama_City ( Spanish : Ciudad de Panamá ) , population 708,738 , with a total metro population of 1,063,000 is the capital of Panama , located at the Pacific entrance of the Panama Canal , at 8 ° 58 ` N , 79 ° 32 ` W.
eos Panama_City ( Spanish : Ciudad de Panamá ) , population 708,738 , with a total metro population of 1,063,000 is the capital of Panama , located at the Pacific entrance of the Panama Canal , at 8 ° 58 ` N , 79 ° 32 ` W. Panama_City is the political , administrative and cultural center of the country . Juan Carlos Navarro is the current mayor of
eos 
eos Paramaribo ( nicknamed Par ` bo ) is the capital of Suriname , located in the Paramaribo district , with a population of roughly 250,000 people .
eos Paramaribo ( nicknamed Par ` bo ) is the capital of Suriname , located in the Paramaribo district , with a population of roughly 250,000 people . Paramaribo lies on the Suriname River , approximately 15 km inland from the Atlantic Ocean .
eos Paramaribo ( nicknamed Par ` bo ) is the capital of Suriname , located in the Paramaribo district , with a population of roughly 250,000 people . Paramaribo lies on the Suriname River , approximately 15 km inland from the Atlantic Ocean . Paramaribo is located at 5 ° 52 ' North , 55 ° 10 ' West ( 5.83 N 55.17 W ) , and
eos 
eos Paris is the capital city of France and a French département ( 75 ) . Situated on the banks of the river Seine in north - central France ,
eos Paris is the capital city of France and a French département ( 75 ) . Situated on the banks of the river Seine in north - central France , Paris is also the capital of the Île - de - France région ( also known as ` ` Paris Region '' ) , which encompasses
eos Paris is the capital city of France and a French département ( 75 ) . Situated on the banks of the river Seine in north - central France , Paris is also the capital of the Île - de - France région ( also known as ` ` Paris Region '' ) , which encompasses Paris and
eos Paris is the capital city of France and a French département ( 75 ) . Situated on the banks of the river Seine in north - central France , Paris is also the capital of the Île - de - France région ( also known as ` ` Paris Region '' ) , which encompasses Paris and Paris suburbs .
eos It produces more than a quarter of France 's wealth , with a GDP of € 478.7 billion ( US$ 595.3 billion ) in 2005 . With La Défense , the largest business district in Europe , the Paris urban area ( unité urbaine ) also hosts the head offices of almost half of the major French companies , as well as the offices of major international firms .
eos With La Défense , the largest business district in Europe , the Paris urban area ( unité urbaine ) also hosts the head offices of almost half of the major French companies , as well as the offices of major international firms . Paris is a leading global cultural , business and political centre and Paris has a major international influence in fashion , gastronomy and the arts .
eos Paris is a leading global cultural , business and political centre and Paris has a major international influence in fashion , gastronomy and the arts . Paris is widely regarded as one of the world 's major global cities , with the headquarters of international organisations such as UNESCO , the OECD , the ICC , or the informal Paris Club . Paris ,
eos Paris is a leading global cultural , business and political centre and Paris has a major international influence in fashion , gastronomy and the arts . Paris is widely regarded as one of the world 's major global cities , with the headquarters of international organisations such as UNESCO , the OECD , the ICC , or the informal Paris Club . Paris , Paris is renowned for
eos Paris is a leading global cultural , business and political centre and Paris has a major international influence in fashion , gastronomy and the arts . Paris is widely regarded as one of the world 's major global cities , with the headquarters of international organisations such as UNESCO , the OECD , the ICC , or the informal Paris Club .
eos Paris is widely regarded as one of the world 's major global cities , with the headquarters of international organisations such as UNESCO , the OECD , the ICC , or the informal Paris Club . Paris , Paris is renowned for Paris defining neo - classical architecture , hosts many museums and galleries and Paris has an active nightlife . The most recognisable symbol of
eos The most recognisable symbol of Paris is the 324 metre ( 1,063 ft ) Eiffel Tower on the banks of the Seine . Dubbed ` ` the City of Light '' ( la Ville Lumière ) since the 19th century ,
eos Dubbed ` ` the City of Light '' ( la Ville Lumière ) since the 19th century , Paris is regarded by some as one of the most romantic cities in the world .
eos 
eos Perth_Western_Australia is the capital of the Australian state of Western Australia . A population of 1,477,800 ( june 2005 ) makes
eos Perth_Western_Australia is the capital of the Australian state of Western Australia . A population of 1,477,800 ( june 2005 ) makes Perth_Western_Australia the largest city in Western Australia and home to three - quarters of the state 's residents .
eos Perth_Western_Australia is also the fourth most populous urban area in Australia . The metropolitan area is located in the south west of the continent between the Indian Ocean and a low coastal escarpment known as the Darling Range . The central business district and suburbs of
eos Peshāwar ( Pashto : پښور ; Urdu : پشاور ) literally means City on the Frontier in Persian and Peshawar is known as Pai - khawar in Pashto .
eos Peshāwar ( Pashto : پښور ; Urdu : پشاور ) literally means City on the Frontier in Persian and Peshawar is known as Pai - khawar in Pashto . Peshawar is the provincial capital of Pakistan 's North - West Frontier Province . Located on the edge of the Khyber Pass ,
eos Peshawar is the provincial capital of Pakistan 's North - West Frontier Province . Located on the edge of the Khyber Pass , Peshawar is the commercial , economic , political and cultural capital of the Pakistani frontier and , particularly , of the Pashtuns . In ancient times
eos Peshawar is the provincial capital of Pakistan 's North - West Frontier Province . Located on the edge of the Khyber Pass , Peshawar is the commercial , economic , political and cultural capital of the Pakistani frontier and , particularly , of the Pashtuns . In ancient times Peshawar was known as Purushapura when
eos Located on the edge of the Khyber Pass , Peshawar is the commercial , economic , political and cultural capital of the Pakistani frontier and , particularly , of the Pashtuns . In ancient times Peshawar was known as Purushapura when Peshawar was officially founded by the Kushans . For much of
eos Located on the edge of the Khyber Pass , Peshawar is the commercial , economic , political and cultural capital of the Pakistani frontier and , particularly , of the Pashtuns . In ancient times Peshawar was known as Purushapura when Peshawar was officially founded by the Kushans . For much of Peshawar history ,
eos 
eos ( Khmer : ភ ន ពេញ ; official Romanization : Phnum Pénh ; IPA : "" IPA : "" pʰnum peːɲ "" "" ) is the largest , most populous and capital city of Cambodia .
eos Phnom_Penh is also the capital of the Phnom Penh municipality . Once known as the Pearl of Asia in the 1920s , Phnom Penh , along with Siem Reap , is a significant global and domestic tourist destination for Cambodia .
eos Phnom_Penh is also the capital of the Phnom Penh municipality . Once known as the Pearl of Asia in the 1920s , Phnom Penh , along with Siem Reap , is a significant global and domestic tourist destination for Cambodia . Phnom_Penh is known for
eos Once known as the Pearl of Asia in the 1920s , Phnom Penh , along with Siem Reap , is a significant global and domestic tourist destination for Cambodia . Phnom_Penh is known for Phnom_Penh traditional Khmer and French influenced architecture .
eos 
eos Podgorica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Подгорица , "" IPA : ˈpɔdgɔˌriʦa "" ) is the capital and largest city of Republic of Montenegro .
eos Podgorica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Подгорица , "" IPA : ˈpɔdgɔˌriʦa "" ) is the capital and largest city of Republic of Montenegro . Podgorica is located at 42 ° 28 ' 12N , 19 ° 16 ' 48E , 44 m above sea level . A census in 2003 put
eos Podgorica is located at 42 ° 28 ' 12N , 19 ° 16 ' 48E , 44 m above sea level . A census in 2003 put Podgorica population at 136,473 . The favorable geographical position of
eos Podgorica is located at 42 ° 28 ' 12N , 19 ° 16 ' 48E , 44 m above sea level . A census in 2003 put Podgorica population at 136,473 . The favorable geographical position of Podgorica , at the confluence of the Ribnica and Morača rivers , on the meeting point of fertile Zeta plain and Bjelopavlići Valley has made
eos A census in 2003 put Podgorica population at 136,473 . The favorable geographical position of Podgorica , at the confluence of the Ribnica and Morača rivers , on the meeting point of fertile Zeta plain and Bjelopavlići Valley has made Podgorica an attractive location for settlement .
eos Podgorica is situated only a few tens of kilometers from both winter ski centers in the north and seaside resorts on Adriatic Sea . The municipality of Podgorica accounts for 10.4 % of Montenegro 's territory and 27.3 % of its population . Besides being an administrative center of Montenegro ,
eos 
eos Port_Moresby , ( 9 ° 30 'S , 147 ° 12 ` E ) , population 255,000 ( 2000 ) , is the capital of Papua New Guinea .
eos Port_Moresby , ( 9 ° 30 'S , 147 ° 12 ` E ) , population 255,000 ( 2000 ) , is the capital of Papua New Guinea . Port_Moresby is located on the shores of the Gulf of Papua , on the southeastern coast of the island of New Guinea . The area on which
eos Port_Moresby is located on the shores of the Gulf of Papua , on the southeastern coast of the island of New Guinea . The area on which Port_Moresby was founded was first sighted by a European in 1873 by Captain John Moresby .
eos 
eos Porto-Novo ( also known as Hogbonou and Adjacé ( population 223,552 as of a 2002 census ) is the official capital of the West African nation of Benin .
eos Porto-Novo ( also known as Hogbonou and Adjacé ( population 223,552 as of a 2002 census ) is the official capital of the West African nation of Benin . Porto-Novo is a port on an inlet of the Gulf of Guinea , in the southeastern portion of the country .
eos Porto-Novo is a port on an inlet of the Gulf of Guinea , in the southeastern portion of the country . Porto-Novo is Benin 's second largest city , but the city of Cotonou is more important , culturally and politically . The region around
eos Porto-Novo is Benin 's second largest city , but the city of Cotonou is more important , culturally and politically . The region around Porto-Novo produces palm oil , cotton and kapok . Petroleum was discovered off the coast of
eos The region around Porto-Novo produces palm oil , cotton and kapok . Petroleum was discovered off the coast of Porto-Novo in the 1990s , and has become an important export .
eos 
eos ( Czech : Praha ( IPA : "" IPA : "" ˈpraɦa "" "" ) , see also other names ) is the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic . Situated on the Vltava river in central Bohemia ,
eos Situated on the Vltava river in central Bohemia , Prague is home to approximately 1.2 million people . ( It can be derived from jobs statistics , however , that an additional 300,000 work there without having registered as residents . ) Nicknames for
eos ( It can be derived from jobs statistics , however , that an additional 300,000 work there without having registered as residents . ) Nicknames for Prague have included ` ` city of a hundred spires '' and ` ` the golden city '' . Since 1992 , the historic center of
eos 
eos Praia ( Portuguese for ` ` beach '' ) , population 113,664 ( 2005 ) , is the capital of Cape Verde , an island nation in the Atlantic Ocean west of Senegal .
eos Praia ( Portuguese for ` ` beach '' ) , population 113,664 ( 2005 ) , is the capital of Cape Verde , an island nation in the Atlantic Ocean west of Senegal . Praia is also the largest city in Cape Verde after Mindelo and municipally Santa Catarina .
eos Praia is also the largest city in Cape Verde after Mindelo and municipally Santa Catarina . Praia lies on Santiago island in the Sotavento archipelago .
eos Praia is the island 's ferry port and Praia is home to one of the nation 's two international airports . The city centre is known as Platô due to its location on a small plateau .
eos The city centre is known as Platô due to its location on a small plateau . Praia is located at 14 ° 55 ' North , 23 ° 31 ' West ( 14.91667 , -23.51667 ) .
eos Praia is located at 14 ° 55 ' North , 23 ° 31 ' West ( 14.91667 , -23.51667 ) . Praia is Cape Verde 's largest city , and a commercial center and a port that ships coffee , sugar cane , and tropical fruits .
eos Praia also has a fishing industry . There are resort beaches nearby . A variant of Capeverdean Crioulo spoken in
eos 
eos Pretoria is a city located in the northern part of Gauteng Province , South Africa .
eos Pretoria is a city located in the northern part of Gauteng Province , South Africa . Pretoria is one of the country 's three capital cities , serving as the executive ( administrative ) capital ; the other two being Cape Town and Bloemfontein , respectively the legislative and judicial capitals .
eos Pretoria is one of the country 's three capital cities , serving as the executive ( administrative ) capital ; the other two being Cape Town and Bloemfontein , respectively the legislative and judicial capitals . Pretoria is contained in the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality as one of several constituent former administrations ( among which also Centurion and Soshanguve ) , and therefore sometimes incorrectly referred to as Tshwane - this contentious issue is still being decided as of january 2006 ; see the discussion further down in this article .
eos 
eos Pune ( "" IPA : pʊɳe "" , Marathi : पुणे ) is a city located in the western Indian state of Maharashtra .
eos Pune ( "" IPA : pʊɳe "" , Marathi : पुणे ) is a city located in the western Indian state of Maharashtra . Pune is the capital of Pune District in which
eos ( "" IPA : pʊɳe "" , Marathi : पुणे ) is a city located in the western Indian state of Maharashtra . Pune is the capital of Pune District in which Pune is located .
eos Pune is the capital of Pune District in which Pune is located . Pune is the 7th largest city in India with a population of 4.5 million , and the second largest in the state of Maharashtra .
eos Pune is the 7th largest city in India with a population of 4.5 million , and the second largest in the state of Maharashtra . Pune is located roughly 120 kilometres east of Mumbai at an altitude of 560 metres above sea level .
eos Pune is located roughly 120 kilometres east of Mumbai at an altitude of 560 metres above sea level . Pune is situated at the eastern edge of the Western ghats on the Deccan plateau .
eos Pune is located roughly 120 kilometres east of Mumbai at an altitude of 560 metres above sea level . Pune is situated at the eastern edge of the Western ghats on the Deccan plateau . Pune has a reputation for
eos Pune is located roughly 120 kilometres east of Mumbai at an altitude of 560 metres above sea level . Pune is situated at the eastern edge of the Western ghats on the Deccan plateau . Pune has a reputation for Pune several esteemed colleges and educational institutions , a reason why
eos Pune is situated at the eastern edge of the Western ghats on the Deccan plateau . Pune has a reputation for Pune several esteemed colleges and educational institutions , a reason why Pune is called ` Oxford of the East ' ( or ` Oxford of India ' ) .
eos Pune has a reputation for Pune several esteemed colleges and educational institutions , a reason why Pune is called ` Oxford of the East ' ( or ` Oxford of India ' ) . Pune is also home to many software and IT companies .
eos Pune is also home to many software and IT companies . Pune is widely considered the cultural capital of Marathi - speaking Maharashtrians . Although Marathi is the main language of
eos Pune is also home to many software and IT companies . Pune is widely considered the cultural capital of Marathi - speaking Maharashtrians . Although Marathi is the main language of Pune ,
eos 
eos Quezon_City ( Filipino : Lungsod Quezon ) is the former capital and the most populous city in the Philippines . Located on the island of Luzon ,
eos ( Filipino : Lungsod Quezon ) is the former capital and the most populous city in the Philippines . Located on the island of Luzon , Quezon_City is one of the cities and municipalities that comprise Metro Manila , the National Capital Region .
eos ( Filipino : Lungsod Quezon ) is the former capital and the most populous city in the Philippines . Located on the island of Luzon , Quezon_City is one of the cities and municipalities that comprise Metro Manila , the National Capital Region . Quezon_City was named after Manuel L Quezon , the former president of the Commonwealth of the Philippines who founded
eos ( Filipino : Lungsod Quezon ) is the former capital and the most populous city in the Philippines . Located on the island of Luzon , Quezon_City is one of the cities and municipalities that comprise Metro Manila , the National Capital Region . Quezon_City was named after Manuel L Quezon , the former president of the Commonwealth of the Philippines who founded Quezon_City and developed
eos Located on the island of Luzon , Quezon_City is one of the cities and municipalities that comprise Metro Manila , the National Capital Region . Quezon_City was named after Manuel L Quezon , the former president of the Commonwealth of the Philippines who founded Quezon_City and developed Quezon_City to replace Manila as the country 's capital .
eos Quezon_City was named after Manuel L Quezon , the former president of the Commonwealth of the Philippines who founded Quezon_City and developed Quezon_City to replace Manila as the country 's capital . Quezon_City is not located in and should not be confused with Quezon province , which was also named after the president . Being the former capital , many government offices are located in
eos Being the former capital , many government offices are located in Quezon_City , including the Batasang Pambansa , the seat of the House of Representatives , which is the lower chamber in the Philippine Congress . The main campuses of noteworthy Philippine universities such as the Ateneo de Manila University and the University of the Philippines are also located here .
eos The main campuses of noteworthy Philippine universities such as the Ateneo de Manila University and the University of the Philippines are also located here . Quezon_City is the richest local government unit in the country in terms of current assets , cash in banks , share of internal revenue allotment ( IRA ) , gross income , and gross net income . Quezon_City remains the only Philippine city without any debt to banks as
eos The main campuses of noteworthy Philippine universities such as the Ateneo de Manila University and the University of the Philippines are also located here . Quezon_City is the richest local government unit in the country in terms of current assets , cash in banks , share of internal revenue allotment ( IRA ) , gross income , and gross net income .
eos Quezon_City is the richest local government unit in the country in terms of current assets , cash in banks , share of internal revenue allotment ( IRA ) , gross income , and gross net income . Quezon_City remains the only Philippine city without any debt to banks as Quezon_City operates on a surplus fund of over 2 billion pesos .
eos Quezon_City remains the only Philippine city without any debt to banks as Quezon_City operates on a surplus fund of over 2 billion pesos . Quezon_City features many spacious parks , tree - lined boulevards , and lots of commercial areas , popular with shoppers all over the metropolis . Most of
eos Quezon_City features many spacious parks , tree - lined boulevards , and lots of commercial areas , popular with shoppers all over the metropolis . Most of Quezon_City is composed of residential areas .
eos Most of Quezon_City is composed of residential areas . Quezon_City is also the major entertainment capital of the Philippines , as many Filipino TV Shows , music , and movies are produced here . The major TV networks in the Philippines have their main stations in
eos The major TV networks in the Philippines have their main stations in Quezon_City . In 1984 , The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints built the scenic Manila Philippines Temple here because of the large number of members in the region . The Iglesia ni Cristo installed in
eos 
eos Quito ( official name : San Francisco de Quito ) is the capital city of Ecuador in northwestern South America .
eos Quito ( official name : San Francisco de Quito ) is the capital city of Ecuador in northwestern South America . Quito is located in northern Ecuador ( see map ) in the Guayllabamba river basin on the eastern slopes of the Pichincha ( 15,728 ft ; 4,794 m ) , an active stratovolcano in the Andes mountains .
eos Quito ( official name : San Francisco de Quito ) is the capital city of Ecuador in northwestern South America . Quito is located in northern Ecuador ( see map ) in the Guayllabamba river basin on the eastern slopes of the Pichincha ( 15,728 ft ; 4,794 m ) , an active stratovolcano in the Andes mountains . Quito elevation is 9,300 ft ( 2,850 m ) above sea level ( measured at the Plaza de la Independencia ) , making
eos Quito is located in northern Ecuador ( see map ) in the Guayllabamba river basin on the eastern slopes of the Pichincha ( 15,728 ft ; 4,794 m ) , an active stratovolcano in the Andes mountains . Quito elevation is 9,300 ft ( 2,850 m ) above sea level ( measured at the Plaza de la Independencia ) , making Quito the second highest capital city in the world .
eos Quito population according to the most recent census ( 2001 ) was 1,399,378 . In 2005 , however , the estimated population was 1,865,541 ( canton ) . The area of
eos In 2005 , however , the estimated population was 1,865,541 ( canton ) . The area of Quito is approximately 112 square miles ( 290 km ² ) . There is some confusion about
eos There is some confusion about Quito position as the second highest ( elevation ) capital in the world , but La Paz , Bolivia , which is where the Bolivian government functions , is the governmental capital of Bolivia . Sucre is the legal capital of Bolivia .
eos Quito is located about 15 miles ( 25 km ) south of the equator . A monument marking the equator is known locally as la mitad del mundo ( the middle of the world ) . Due to Quito altitude and location , the climate in
eos Quito is located about 15 miles ( 25 km ) south of the equator . A monument marking the equator is known locally as la mitad del mundo ( the middle of the world ) . Due to
eos A monument marking the equator is known locally as la mitad del mundo ( the middle of the world ) . Due to Quito altitude and location , the climate in Quito is mild to cool , fairly constant all year round , with a high temperature typically around 67 degrees Fahrenheit ( 20 ° C ) on any given day , and a low around 49 degrees Fahrenheit ( 10 ° C ) at night .
eos Due to Quito altitude and location , the climate in Quito is mild to cool , fairly constant all year round , with a high temperature typically around 67 degrees Fahrenheit ( 20 ° C ) on any given day , and a low around 49 degrees Fahrenheit ( 10 ° C ) at night . Quito experiences only two seasons : summer ( the dry season ) and winter ( the rainy season ) .
eos 
eos Rabat ( Arabic الرباط , transliterated ar - Rabāṭ or ar - Ribāṭ ) , population 1.2 million ( 2005 estimate ) , is the capital of the Kingdom of Morocco .
eos Rabat ( Arabic الرباط , transliterated ar - Rabāṭ or ar - Ribāṭ ) , population 1.2 million ( 2005 estimate ) , is the capital of the Kingdom of Morocco . Rabat is also the capital of the Rabat - Salé - Zemmour - Zaer region .
eos Rabat is also the capital of the Rabat - Salé - Zemmour - Zaer region . Rabat is located on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the river Bou Regreg . On the facing shore of the river lies Salé ,
eos On the facing shore of the river lies Salé , Rabat bedroom community . Together the two cities account for a population of 1.3 million .
eos Together the two cities account for a population of 1.3 million . Rabat is located at 34 ° 1 ' 60 '' North , 6 ° 49 ' 60 '' West ( 34.0333 , -6.8333 ) . Unfortunately , silting problems have diminished
eos Together the two cities account for a population of 1.3 million . Rabat is located at 34 ° 1 ' 60 '' North , 6 ° 49 ' 60 '' West ( 34.0333 , -6.8333 ) . Unfortunately , silting problems have diminished Rabat role as a port ; however ,
eos Rabat is located at 34 ° 1 ' 60 '' North , 6 ° 49 ' 60 '' West ( 34.0333 , -6.8333 ) . Unfortunately , silting problems have diminished Rabat role as a port ; however , Rabat and Salé still maintain relatively important textile , food processing and construction industries ; some are from sweatshop labor by major multinational corporations ( see Salé ) . In addition , tourism and the presence of all foreign embassies in Morocco serve to make
eos 
eos Reykjavik ( "" IPA : ˈreiːcaˌviːk "" ) is the capital of Iceland , its largest city , and the world 's most northern national capital (
eos ( "" IPA : ˈreiːcaˌviːk "" ) is the capital of Iceland , its largest city , and the world 's most northern national capital ( Reykjavik latitude being 64 ° 08 ' N , not far from the Arctic Circle ) .
eos N , not far from the Arctic Circle ) . Reykjavik receives only four hours of daylight per day in the depth of winter , and during the summer the nights are almost as bright as the days .
eos 
eos ( Latvian : Rīga , "" Estonian : Riia "" , "" Russian : "" "" "" ) , the capital of Latvia , is situated on the Baltic Sea coast on the mouth of the River Daugava , at 56 ° 58 ` N , 24 ° 8 ` E.
eos "" Estonian : Riia "" , "" Russian : "" "" "" ) , the capital of Latvia , is situated on the Baltic Sea coast on the mouth of the River Daugava , at 56 ° 58 ` N , 24 ° 8 ` E. Riga is the largest city in the Baltic states . The Historic Centre of
eos "" Estonian : Riia "" , "" Russian : "" "" "" ) , the capital of Latvia , is situated on the Baltic Sea coast on the mouth of the River Daugava , at 56 ° 58 ` N , 24 ° 8 ` E. Riga is the largest city in the Baltic states . The Historic Centre of Riga has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site , and
eos "" Estonian : Riia "" , "" Russian : "" "" "" ) , the capital of Latvia , is situated on the Baltic Sea coast on the mouth of the River Daugava , at 56 ° 58 ` N , 24 ° 8 ` E. Riga is the largest city in the Baltic states . The Historic Centre of Riga has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site , and Riga is particularly notable for
eos IPA "" IPA : "" ˈʁiu dʒi ʒaˈneiɾu "" "" ; Portuguese for River of january ) is the name of both a state and a city in southeastern Brazil .
eos Portuguese for River of january ) is the name of both a state and a city in southeastern Brazil . Rio_de_Janeiro was the capital of Brazil ( 1763 - 1960 ) and of the Portuguese Empire ( 1808 - 1821 ) . Commonly known as just Rio ( particularly in English and by
eos Portuguese for River of january ) is the name of both a state and a city in southeastern Brazil . Rio_de_Janeiro was the capital of Brazil ( 1763 - 1960 ) and of the Portuguese Empire ( 1808 - 1821 ) . Commonly known as just Rio ( particularly in English and by Rio_de_Janeiro inhabitants ) ,
eos Rio_de_Janeiro was the capital of Brazil ( 1763 - 1960 ) and of the Portuguese Empire ( 1808 - 1821 ) . Commonly known as just Rio ( particularly in English and by Rio_de_Janeiro inhabitants ) , Rio_de_Janeiro is also nicknamed A Cidade Maravilhosa - ` ` The Marvelous City '' .
eos Rio_de_Janeiro was the capital of Brazil ( 1763 - 1960 ) and of the Portuguese Empire ( 1808 - 1821 ) . Commonly known as just Rio ( particularly in English and by Rio_de_Janeiro inhabitants ) , Rio_de_Janeiro is also nicknamed A Cidade Maravilhosa - ` ` The Marvelous City '' . Rio_de_Janeiro is famous for
eos Rio_de_Janeiro was the capital of Brazil ( 1763 - 1960 ) and of the Portuguese Empire ( 1808 - 1821 ) . Commonly known as just Rio ( particularly in English and by Rio_de_Janeiro inhabitants ) , Rio_de_Janeiro is also nicknamed A Cidade Maravilhosa - ` ` The Marvelous City '' . Rio_de_Janeiro is famous for Rio_de_Janeiro spectacular natural setting ,
eos Rio_de_Janeiro was the capital of Brazil ( 1763 - 1960 ) and of the Portuguese Empire ( 1808 - 1821 ) . Commonly known as just Rio ( particularly in English and by Rio_de_Janeiro inhabitants ) , Rio_de_Janeiro is also nicknamed A Cidade Maravilhosa - ` ` The Marvelous City '' . Rio_de_Janeiro is famous for Rio_de_Janeiro spectacular natural setting , Rio_de_Janeiro Carnival celebrations , samba and other music , hotel - lined tourist beaches , such as Copacabana , Ipanema , and Leblon , pavements decorated with black and cream swirl pattern mosaics , and the easygoing lifestyle of
eos Rio_de_Janeiro is famous for Rio_de_Janeiro spectacular natural setting , Rio_de_Janeiro Carnival celebrations , samba and other music , hotel - lined tourist beaches , such as Copacabana , Ipanema , and Leblon , pavements decorated with black and cream swirl pattern mosaics , and the easygoing lifestyle of Rio_de_Janeiro inhabitants . Some of the most famous local landmarks in addition to the beaches include the giant statue of Jesus , known as Christ the Redeemer ( ` Cristo Redentor ' ) atop Corcovado mountain ; Sugar Loaf mountain ( Pão de Açúcar ) with its cable car ; the Sambódromo , a giant permanent parade stand used during Carnival ; and Maracanã stadium , one of the world 's largest .
eos Some of the most famous local landmarks in addition to the beaches include the giant statue of Jesus , known as Christ the Redeemer ( ` Cristo Redentor ' ) atop Corcovado mountain ; Sugar Loaf mountain ( Pão de Açúcar ) with its cable car ; the Sambódromo , a giant permanent parade stand used during Carnival ; and Maracanã stadium , one of the world 's largest . Rio_de_Janeiro also boasts the world 's largest forest inside an urban area , called Floresta da Tijuca , or ` Tijuca Forest ' .
eos Rio_de_Janeiro also boasts the world 's largest forest inside an urban area , called Floresta da Tijuca , or ` Tijuca Forest ' . Rio_de_Janeiro is located at 22 degrees , 54 minutes south latitude , 43 degrees 14 minutes west longitude ( 22 ° 54 'S , 43 ° 14 ` W ) . The population of
eos The population of Rio_de_Janeiro is about 6,094,183 ( 2005 IBGE estimate ) , occupying an area of 1182.3 km ² ( 456.5 mi ² ) . The larger metropolitan area population is estimated at 11 - 12 million .
eos The population of Rio_de_Janeiro is about 6,094,183 ( 2005 IBGE estimate ) , occupying an area of 1182.3 km ² ( 456.5 mi ² ) . The larger metropolitan area population is estimated at 11 - 12 million . Rio_de_Janeiro is Brazil 's second - largest city after São Paulo and Rio_de_Janeiro was the country 's capital until 1960 , when Brasília took
eos The larger metropolitan area population is estimated at 11 - 12 million . Rio_de_Janeiro is Brazil 's second - largest city after São Paulo and Rio_de_Janeiro was the country 's capital until 1960 , when Brasília took Rio_de_Janeiro place . Residents of
eos Rio_de_Janeiro is Brazil 's second - largest city after São Paulo and Rio_de_Janeiro was the country 's capital until 1960 , when Brasília took Rio_de_Janeiro place . Residents of Rio_de_Janeiro are known as Cariocas .
eos Residents of Rio_de_Janeiro are known as Cariocas . Rio_de_Janeiro current mayor ( 2006 ) is Cesar Maia . The official song of
eos 
eos Riyadh ( "" Arabic : الرياض "" ar - Riyāḍ ) is the capital of the kingdom of Saudi Arabia , located in Ar Riyad Province in the Najd region .
eos Riyadh ( "" Arabic : الرياض "" ar - Riyāḍ ) is the capital of the kingdom of Saudi Arabia , located in Ar Riyad Province in the Najd region . Riyadh is situated in the centre of the Arabian peninsula on a large plateau and Riyadh is home to over 4,260,000 people ( around 20 % of the nation 's population ) .
eos Riyadh lies in Saudi Arabia 's ` central corridor ' of development along with Buraydah and Al Kharj in the Ar Riyad administrative division . The other areas of concentrated population are two coastal areas - around Jiddah and Mecca on the Red Sea , and around Jubail and Dhahran on the Persian Gulf .
eos 46 ° 43 ' 27 '' East ( 24.711667 , 46.724167 ) .
eos East ( 24.711667 , 46.724167 ) . Riyadh is divided into 17 branch municipalities under the control of the Riyadh Municipality and the Riyadh Development Authority , chaired by Riyadh Province Governor Prince Salman Bin Abdul Aziz . Although in a highly arid area
eos 
eos Roseau , population 14,847 ( 2001 census ) , is the capital of Dominica .
eos Roseau , population 14,847 ( 2001 census ) , is the capital of Dominica . Roseau is a small and compact urban settlement surrounded by the Caribbean Sea , the Roseau River and Morne Bruce . Built on the site of the ancient Kalinago Indian village of Sairi ,
eos Roseau is a small and compact urban settlement surrounded by the Caribbean Sea , the Roseau River and Morne Bruce . Built on the site of the ancient Kalinago Indian village of Sairi , Roseau is the oldest and most important urban settlement on the island .
eos Built on the site of the ancient Kalinago Indian village of Sairi , Roseau is the oldest and most important urban settlement on the island . Roseau is located at 15 ° 18 ` N , 61 ° 23 ` W , on the west ( leeward ) coast of Dominica , and Roseau is a combination of modern and colonial ( French Style ) architecture .
eos Rotterdam , see Rotterdam ( disambiguation )
eos Rotterdam , see Rotterdam ( disambiguation ) Rotterdam ( pronunciation ) is in terms of population the second largest municipality in the Netherlands ( after Amsterdam , the country 's capital ) and the largest city in the province of Zuid - Holland ( South Holland ) , the country 's most populous province .
eos Rotterdam , see Rotterdam ( disambiguation ) Rotterdam ( pronunciation ) is in terms of population the second largest municipality in the Netherlands ( after Amsterdam , the country 's capital ) and the largest city in the province of Zuid - Holland ( South Holland ) , the country 's most populous province . Rotterdam has the largest port in Europe and Rotterdam was until recently the world 's busiest port ;
eos Rotterdam , see Rotterdam ( disambiguation ) Rotterdam ( pronunciation ) is in terms of population the second largest municipality in the Netherlands ( after Amsterdam , the country 's capital ) and the largest city in the province of Zuid - Holland ( South Holland ) , the country 's most populous province . Rotterdam has the largest port in Europe and Rotterdam was until recently the world 's busiest port ; Rotterdam is found on the banks of the river Nieuwe Maas ( ie ` ` New Meuse '' ) , one of the streams in the delta formed by the Rhine and Meuse rivers . The name ` ` Rotterdam '' derives from
eos Rotterdam , see Rotterdam ( disambiguation ) Rotterdam ( pronunciation ) is in terms of population the second largest municipality in the Netherlands ( after Amsterdam , the country 's capital ) and the largest city in the province of Zuid - Holland ( South Holland ) , the country 's most populous province . Rotterdam has the largest port in Europe and Rotterdam was until recently the world 's busiest port ; Rotterdam is found on the banks of the river Nieuwe Maas ( ie ` ` New Meuse '' ) , one of the streams in the delta formed by the Rhine and Meuse rivers . The name ` ` Rotterdam '' derives from Rotterdam origin at a dam in a small river , the Rotte , which from the north joins the Nieuwe Maas at the heart of
eos 
eos Salvador_Bahia ( in full , São Salvador da Baía de Todos os Santos , or in literal translation : ` ` Holy Savior of All Saints ' Bay '' ) is a city on the northeast coast of Brazil and the capital of the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia .
eos Salvador_Bahia ( in full , São Salvador da Baía de Todos os Santos , or in literal translation : ` ` Holy Savior of All Saints ' Bay '' ) is a city on the northeast coast of Brazil and the capital of the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia . Salvador_Bahia was for a long time also known as Bahia , and Salvador_Bahia appears under that name ( or as Salvador da Bahia , Salvador of Bahia so as to differentiate
eos 
eos San_Jose_Costa_Rica is the capital and largest city of Costa Rica .
eos San_Jose_Costa_Rica is the capital and largest city of Costa Rica . San_Jose_Costa_Rica is also the capital of the San José Province .
eos San_Jose_Costa_Rica is the capital and largest city of Costa Rica . San_Jose_Costa_Rica is also the capital of the San José Province . San_Jose_Costa_Rica is located in the center of the country at 9 ° 56 ` N , 84 ° 5 ` W ;
eos San_Jose_Costa_Rica is also the capital of the San José Province . San_Jose_Costa_Rica is located in the center of the country at 9 ° 56 ` N , 84 ° 5 ` W ; San_Jose_Costa_Rica is on a mountain plateau at an elevation of about 1,170 meters ( 3,839 feet ) above sea level . According to the 2000 census ,
eos San_Jose_Costa_Rica is also the capital of the San José Province . San_Jose_Costa_Rica is located in the center of the country at 9 ° 56 ` N , 84 ° 5 ` W ; San_Jose_Costa_Rica is on a mountain plateau at an elevation of about 1,170 meters ( 3,839 feet ) above sea level . According to the 2000 census , San_Jose_Costa_Rica had a population of 309,672 people in San José Canton : the latter half of the 20th century was a period of rapid growth for
eos San_Jose_Costa_Rica is also the capital of the San José Province . San_Jose_Costa_Rica is located in the center of the country at 9 ° 56 ` N , 84 ° 5 ` W ; San_Jose_Costa_Rica is on a mountain plateau at an elevation of about 1,170 meters ( 3,839 feet ) above sea level . According to the 2000 census , San_Jose_Costa_Rica had a population of 309,672 people in San José Canton : the latter half of the 20th century was a period of rapid growth for San_Jose_Costa_Rica , considering that in 1950
eos According to the 2000 census , San_Jose_Costa_Rica had a population of 309,672 people in San José Canton : the latter half of the 20th century was a period of rapid growth for San_Jose_Costa_Rica , considering that in 1950 San_Jose_Costa_Rica population was a mere 86,900 . The metropolitan area of San José exceeds the canton limits and surpasses one million inhabitants .
eos In that year , Costa Rica 's first elected head of state , liberal Juan Mora Fernández , decided to move the government of Costa Rica from the old Spanish colonial capital of Cartago and make a fresh start with a new city . This was a time of much optimism in the newly independent nation of Central America , of which Costa Rica was at that time a state ( see : History of Central America ) .
eos This was a time of much optimism in the newly independent nation of Central America , of which Costa Rica was at that time a state ( see : History of Central America ) . San_Jose_Costa_Rica grew rapidly , extending into the Central Valley . Because of
eos This was a time of much optimism in the newly independent nation of Central America , of which Costa Rica was at that time a state ( see : History of Central America ) . San_Jose_Costa_Rica grew rapidly , extending into the Central Valley . Because of San_Jose_Costa_Rica late 18th century origin ,
eos San_Jose_Costa_Rica grew rapidly , extending into the Central Valley . Because of San_Jose_Costa_Rica late 18th century origin , San_Jose_Costa_Rica has little of the Spanish colonial architecture common in most other Latin American capitals . On august 9th , 1884 ,
eos On august 9th , 1884 , San_Jose_Costa_Rica became the first city in Latin America illuminated by electric energy . The University of Costa Rica was established here in 1843 , in that time with the name of ` ` University of Santo Tomás '' .
eos The University of Costa Rica was established here in 1843 , in that time with the name of ` ` University of Santo Tomás '' . San_Jose_Costa_Rica also serves as the headquarters of the Inter - American Court of Human Rights .
eos San_Jose_Costa_Rica also serves as the headquarters of the Inter - American Court of Human Rights . San_Jose_Costa_Rica is served by Juan Santamaría International Airport , 23 km west of downtown , near Alajuela . Important places in
eos San_Jose_Costa_Rica also serves as the headquarters of the Inter - American Court of Human Rights . San_Jose_Costa_Rica is served by Juan Santamaría International Airport , 23 km west of downtown , near Alajuela . Important places in San_Jose_Costa_Rica include the Banco Central de Costa Rica building , the Banco Nacional building ( much taller than other buildings nearby , giving
eos San_Jose_Costa_Rica also serves as the headquarters of the Inter - American Court of Human Rights . San_Jose_Costa_Rica is served by Juan Santamaría International Airport , 23 km west of downtown , near Alajuela . Important places in San_Jose_Costa_Rica include the Banco Central de Costa Rica building , the Banco Nacional building ( much taller than other buildings nearby , giving San_Jose_Costa_Rica its particular skyline ) , La Sabana Metropolitan Park , Avenida Central ( a pedestrian thoroughfare and one of the major commercial areas in
eos 
eos Santa_Cruz_de_la_Sierra , commonly known as Santa Cruz , is both a city and department in eastern Bolivia . The population of
eos 
eos Santiago_Chile ( Spanish : Santiago de Chile ) is Chile 's capital and largest city .
eos ( Spanish : Santiago de Chile ) is Chile 's capital and largest city . Santiago_Chile is situated at an elevation of 520 m ( 1700 ft ) in the country 's central valley , and administratively Santiago_Chile is a part of the Santiago Metropolitan Region . Even though
eos Santiago_Chile is situated at an elevation of 520 m ( 1700 ft ) in the country 's central valley , and administratively Santiago_Chile is a part of the Santiago Metropolitan Region . Even though Santiago_Chile is the capital , legislative bodies meet in nearby Valparaíso . Approximately two decades of uninterrupted economic growth have transformed
eos Even though Santiago_Chile is the capital , legislative bodies meet in nearby Valparaíso . Approximately two decades of uninterrupted economic growth have transformed Santiago_Chile into one of Latin America 's most sophisticated metropolitan areas , with extensive suburban development , dozens of shopping malls , and impressive high - rise architecture .
eos Even though Santiago_Chile is the capital , legislative bodies meet in nearby Valparaíso . Approximately two decades of uninterrupted economic growth have transformed Santiago_Chile into one of Latin America 's most sophisticated metropolitan areas , with extensive suburban development , dozens of shopping malls , and impressive high - rise architecture . Santiago_Chile also boasts some of Latin America 's most spectacular infrastructure , such as the Santiago Metro and the sparkling new ` ` Costanera Norte , '' a freeway system that passes below downtown and connects the Eastern and Western extremes of
eos Approximately two decades of uninterrupted economic growth have transformed Santiago_Chile into one of Latin America 's most sophisticated metropolitan areas , with extensive suburban development , dozens of shopping malls , and impressive high - rise architecture . Santiago_Chile also boasts some of Latin America 's most spectacular infrastructure , such as the Santiago Metro and the sparkling new ` ` Costanera Norte , '' a freeway system that passes below downtown and connects the Eastern and Western extremes of Santiago_Chile in 15 minutes .
eos 
eos Sao_Paolo ( pron . "" IPA : sɐ̃w̃pawlu "" ; Portuguese for SaintPaul ) is the capital of the state of SãoPaulo in southeastern Brazil .
eos "" IPA : sɐ̃w̃pawlu "" ; Portuguese for SaintPaul ) is the capital of the state of SãoPaulo in southeastern Brazil . Sao_Paolo is located at 23 ° 32 ' 36S , 46 ° 37 ' 59W , 400 km ( 250 miles ) from Rio de Janeiro , and 1,030 km ( 640 miles ) from federal capital Brasília .
eos Sao_Paolo is located at 23 ° 32 ' 36S , 46 ° 37 ' 59W , 400 km ( 250 miles ) from Rio de Janeiro , and 1,030 km ( 640 miles ) from federal capital Brasília . Sao_Paolo has an area of 1,523.0 square kilometres ( 588.0 sq . miles ) and a population of just over 11 million ( 2006 IBGE estimate ) , which makes
eos ( source : IBGE ) . The region forms an even larger urban corridor or megalopolis with Rio de Janeiro and Volta Redonda . The state of São Paulo is also highly populated , however most metropolitan areas hug
eos The state of São Paulo is also highly populated , however most metropolitan areas hug Sao_Paolo with the exception of Ribeirão Preto . The entire state has a population of over 40 million . People from
eos The entire state has a population of over 40 million . People from Sao_Paolo are called paulistanos , while paulista designates anyone from the whole of São Paulo state , including the paulistanos .
eos 
eos Sao_Tome ( population 53,300 in 2003 ) is the capital city of São Tomé and Príncipe and Sao_Tome is by far the nation 's largest town .
eos Sao_Tome was founded by Portugal in 1485 and Sao_Tome is centred on a sixteenth century cathedral . Another early building is Fort São Sebastião , built in 1575 and now the São Tomé National Museum . In 1599 ,
eos Another early building is Fort São Sebastião , built in 1575 and now the São Tomé National Museum . In 1599 , Sao_Tome as well as the islands were taken by the Dutch for two days and again in 1641 for a year .
eos In 1599 , Sao_Tome as well as the islands were taken by the Dutch for two days and again in 1641 for a year . Sao_Tome was the then colony 's capital until 1753 and Sao_Tome has been the national capital continuously since 1852 .
eos Sao_Tome was the then colony 's capital until 1753 and Sao_Tome has been the national capital continuously since 1852 . Sao_Tome name is Portuguese for ` ` Saint Thomas . ''
eos Sao_Tome name is Portuguese for ` ` Saint Thomas . '' Sao_Tome is located at 0 ° 20 ' North , 6 ° 44 ' East ( 0.333 , 6.7333 ) . . Features of
eos Sao_Tome is located at 0 ° 20 ' North , 6 ° 44 ' East ( 0.333 , 6.7333 ) . . Features of Sao_Tome include the Presidential Palace , the Fisherman 's Church , and a cinema .
eos Features of Sao_Tome include the Presidential Palace , the Fisherman 's Church , and a cinema . Sao_Tome is also home to two markets , a radio station , a hospital , and an international airport .
eos Sao_Tome is also home to two markets , a radio station , a hospital , and an international airport . Sao_Tome also serves as the center of the island 's road and bus networks .
eos Sao_Tome also serves as the center of the island 's road and bus networks . Sao_Tome is well known for the Tchiloli play . Important as a port ,
eos Important as a port , Sao_Tome lies on Ana Chaves Bay in the north east of São Tomé Island . Cabras Island lies in the bay .
eos Cabras Island lies in the bay . Sao_Tome is located northeast of Trindade , southeast of Guadalupe and northwest of Santana .
eos 
eos Shànghǎi ; Shanghainese : "" IPA : / zɑ̃ ` he / "" ) , situated on the banks of the Yangtze River Delta in East China , is the largest city of the People 's Republic of China and the eighth largest in the world . Widely regarded as the citadel of China 's modern economy ,
eos "" IPA : / zɑ̃ ` he / "" ) , situated on the banks of the Yangtze River Delta in East China , is the largest city of the People 's Republic of China and the eighth largest in the world . Widely regarded as the citadel of China 's modern economy , Shanghai also serves as one of the most important cultural , commercial , financial , industrial and communications centers of China . Administratively ,
eos "" IPA : / zɑ̃ ` he / "" ) , situated on the banks of the Yangtze River Delta in East China , is the largest city of the People 's Republic of China and the eighth largest in the world . Widely regarded as the citadel of China 's modern economy , Shanghai also serves as one of the most important cultural , commercial , financial , industrial and communications centers of China . Administratively , Shanghai is a municipality of the People 's Republic of China
eos Widely regarded as the citadel of China 's modern economy , Shanghai also serves as one of the most important cultural , commercial , financial , industrial and communications centers of China . Administratively , Shanghai is a municipality of the People 's Republic of China Shanghai has province - level status .
eos Administratively , Shanghai is a municipality of the People 's Republic of China Shanghai has province - level status . Shanghai is also one of the world 's busiest ports , and Shanghai became the largest cargo port in the world in 2005 . Originally a sleepy fishing town ,
eos Shanghai is also one of the world 's busiest ports , and Shanghai became the largest cargo port in the world in 2005 . Originally a sleepy fishing town , Shanghai became China 's most important city by the 20th century and Shanghai was the centre of popular culture , vice , intellectual discourse and political intrigue during the Republic of China .
eos Originally a sleepy fishing town , Shanghai became China 's most important city by the 20th century and Shanghai was the centre of popular culture , vice , intellectual discourse and political intrigue during the Republic of China . Shanghai once became the third largest financial centre in the world , ranking after New York City and London , and the largest commercial city in the Far East in the late 19th century and early 20th century . After the communist takeover in 1949 ,
eos Originally a sleepy fishing town , Shanghai became China 's most important city by the 20th century and Shanghai was the centre of popular culture , vice , intellectual discourse and political intrigue during the Republic of China . Shanghai once became the third largest financial centre in the world , ranking after New York City and London , and the largest commercial city in the Far East in the late 19th century and early 20th century . After the communist takeover in 1949 , Shanghai languished under heavy central government taxation and much of
eos Shanghai once became the third largest financial centre in the world , ranking after New York City and London , and the largest commercial city in the Far East in the late 19th century and early 20th century . After the communist takeover in 1949 , Shanghai languished under heavy central government taxation and much of Shanghai bourgeois elements were purged . Following the central government 's authorization of market - economic redevelopment of
eos Shanghai once became the third largest financial centre in the world , ranking after New York City and London , and the largest commercial city in the Far East in the late 19th century and early 20th century . After the communist takeover in 1949 , Shanghai languished under heavy central government taxation and much of Shanghai bourgeois elements were purged . Following the central government 's authorization of market - economic redevelopment of Shanghai in 1992 ,
eos After the communist takeover in 1949 , Shanghai languished under heavy central government taxation and much of Shanghai bourgeois elements were purged . Following the central government 's authorization of market - economic redevelopment of Shanghai in 1992 , Shanghai quickly surpassed early - starters Shenzhen and Guangzhou , and Shanghai has since led China 's economic growth . Some challenges remain for
eos After the communist takeover in 1949 , Shanghai languished under heavy central government taxation and much of Shanghai bourgeois elements were purged . Following the central government 's authorization of market - economic redevelopment of Shanghai in 1992 , Shanghai quickly surpassed early - starters Shenzhen and Guangzhou , and Shanghai has since led China 's economic growth . Some challenges remain for Shanghai at the beginning of the 21st century , as
eos Following the central government 's authorization of market - economic redevelopment of Shanghai in 1992 , Shanghai quickly surpassed early - starters Shenzhen and Guangzhou , and Shanghai has since led China 's economic growth . Some challenges remain for Shanghai at the beginning of the 21st century , as Shanghai struggles to cope with increased worker migration , and a huge wealth gap . However , these challenges aside ,
eos 
eos Sharjah ( Arabic : الشارقة ash - shaariqah ) extends along approximately 16 kilometres of the United Arab Emirates 's Persian Gulf coastline and for more than 80 kilometres into the interior .
eos 
eos ( "" Malay : Republik Singapura "" ; Chinese : "" Chinese : "" "" "" , Pinyin : Xīnjiāpō Gònghéguó ; "" Tamil : சிஙுகபுபூரு குடியரசு "" , "" Tamil : Ciŋkappūr Kudiyarasu "" ) , is an island city - state and the smallest country in South - East Asia .
eos Chinese : "" Chinese : "" "" "" , Pinyin : Xīnjiāpō Gònghéguó ; "" Tamil : சிஙுகபுபூரு குடியரசு "" , "" Tamil : Ciŋkappūr Kudiyarasu "" ) , is an island city - state and the smallest country in South - East Asia . Singapore is located on the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula , south of the Malaysian state of Johor , and north of the Indonesian Riau Islands .
eos Singapore is located on the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula , south of the Malaysian state of Johor , and north of the Indonesian Riau Islands . Singapore lies just 137 kilometres ( 85 miles ) north of the Equator . The site of several ancient port cities and a possession of several empires in its history ,
eos Singapore is located on the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula , south of the Malaysian state of Johor , and north of the Indonesian Riau Islands . Singapore lies just 137 kilometres ( 85 miles ) north of the Equator . The site of several ancient port cities and a possession of several empires in its history , Singapore was a Malay fishing village when
eos Singapore lies just 137 kilometres ( 85 miles ) north of the Equator . The site of several ancient port cities and a possession of several empires in its history , Singapore was a Malay fishing village when Singapore was colonised by the United Kingdom in the 19th century .
eos The site of several ancient port cities and a possession of several empires in its history , Singapore was a Malay fishing village when Singapore was colonised by the United Kingdom in the 19th century . Singapore was further occupied by the Japanese Empire in World War II , and Singapore was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . When
eos The site of several ancient port cities and a possession of several empires in its history , Singapore was a Malay fishing village when Singapore was colonised by the United Kingdom in the 19th century . Singapore was further occupied by the Japanese Empire in World War II , and Singapore was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . When Singapore acquired independence , having few natural resources ,
eos Singapore was further occupied by the Japanese Empire in World War II , and Singapore was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . When Singapore acquired independence , having few natural resources , Singapore was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . Foreign investment and rapid government - led industrialisation has since created an economy which relies on exports of electronics and manufacturing primarily from
eos When Singapore acquired independence , having few natural resources , Singapore was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . Foreign investment and rapid government - led industrialisation has since created an economy which relies on exports of electronics and manufacturing primarily from Singapore port . According to the quality - of - life index assembled by the Economist Intelligence Unit ,
eos Foreign investment and rapid government - led industrialisation has since created an economy which relies on exports of electronics and manufacturing primarily from Singapore port . According to the quality - of - life index assembled by the Economist Intelligence Unit , Singapore has the highest standard of living in Asia , and Singapore is ranked 11th in the World . In the more well - known Human Development Index by the United Nations ,
eos According to the quality - of - life index assembled by the Economist Intelligence Unit , Singapore has the highest standard of living in Asia , and Singapore is ranked 11th in the World . In the more well - known Human Development Index by the United Nations , Singapore holds the 25th place , behind only Japan and Hong Kong in Asia . Measured by GDP per capita ,
eos In the more well - known Human Development Index by the United Nations , Singapore holds the 25th place , behind only Japan and Hong Kong in Asia . Measured by GDP per capita , Singapore is the 22nd wealthiest country .
eos Measured by GDP per capita , Singapore is the 22nd wealthiest country . Singapore has a foreign reserve of S$ 197b ( US$ 119b ) . More than 90 % of
eos Singapore has a foreign reserve of S$ 197b ( US$ 119b ) . More than 90 % of Singapore population lives in housing estates constructed by the Housing Development Board and nearly half uses the public transport system daily . As a result of efforts to control motorised traffic , the maintenance of natural greenery , strict regulations on industrial locations and emissions , and other pro - environmental initiatives by the government and the private sector ,
eos Singapore has a foreign reserve of S$ 197b ( US$ 119b ) . More than 90 % of Singapore population lives in housing estates constructed by the Housing Development Board and nearly half uses the public transport system daily . As a result of efforts to control motorised traffic , the maintenance of natural greenery , strict regulations on industrial locations and emissions , and other pro - environmental initiatives by the government and the private sector , Singapore has been able to control
eos More than 90 % of Singapore population lives in housing estates constructed by the Housing Development Board and nearly half uses the public transport system daily . As a result of efforts to control motorised traffic , the maintenance of natural greenery , strict regulations on industrial locations and emissions , and other pro - environmental initiatives by the government and the private sector , Singapore has been able to control Singapore pollution levels to well within World Health Organization standards . The Constitution of the Republic of Singapore established
eos As a result of efforts to control motorised traffic , the maintenance of natural greenery , strict regulations on industrial locations and emissions , and other pro - environmental initiatives by the government and the private sector , Singapore has been able to control Singapore pollution levels to well within World Health Organization standards . The Constitution of the Republic of Singapore established Singapore as a representative democracy .
eos As a result of efforts to control motorised traffic , the maintenance of natural greenery , strict regulations on industrial locations and emissions , and other pro - environmental initiatives by the government and the private sector , Singapore has been able to control Singapore pollution levels to well within World Health Organization standards . The Constitution of the Republic of Singapore established Singapore as a representative democracy . Singapore initially undertook a democratic socialist policy shortly after
eos 
eos Skopje ( Macedonian : Скопје ) is the capital and largest city in Macedonia , with more than a quarter of the population of the country , as well as the political , cultural , economical and academic centre of the country .
eos ( Macedonian : Скопје ) is the capital and largest city in Macedonia , with more than a quarter of the population of the country , as well as the political , cultural , economical and academic centre of the country . Skopje was known from the Roman period on under the name Scupi .
eos ( Macedonian : Скопје ) is the capital and largest city in Macedonia , with more than a quarter of the population of the country , as well as the political , cultural , economical and academic centre of the country . Skopje was known from the Roman period on under the name Scupi . Skopje developed rapidly after the Second World War , but this trend was interrupted in 1963 when
eos Skopje was known from the Roman period on under the name Scupi . Skopje developed rapidly after the Second World War , but this trend was interrupted in 1963 when Skopje was hit by a disastrous earthquake . Today
eos Skopje developed rapidly after the Second World War , but this trend was interrupted in 1963 when Skopje was hit by a disastrous earthquake . Today Skopje is a modern city with a range of cultural monuments .
eos Skopje is located at 42 ° 0 ` N , 21 ° 26 ` E , on the upper course of the Vardar River and Skopje is located on a major north - south Balkan route between Central Europe and Athens .
eos ` N , 21 ° 26 ` E , on the upper course of the Vardar River and Skopje is located on a major north - south Balkan route between Central Europe and Athens . Skopje has 506,926 inhabitants ( 2002 census ) .
eos Skopje has 506,926 inhabitants ( 2002 census ) . Skopje is a major centre for the metal - processing , chemical , timber , textile , leather , and printing industries but Skopje has suffered many closures since 1991 . Industrial development of
eos 
eos Sofia listen ( "" Bulgarian : Софис "" ) is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Bulgaria , with a population of 1,246,791 , and some 1,377,761 in the metropolitan area , the Capital Municipality .
eos "" Bulgarian : Софис "" ) is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Bulgaria , with a population of 1,246,791 , and some 1,377,761 in the metropolitan area , the Capital Municipality . Sofia is located in western Bulgaria , at the foot of the mountain massif Vitosha , and Sofia is the administrative , cultural , and industrial centre of the country . One of the oldest capital cities in Europe , the history of
eos Sofia is located in western Bulgaria , at the foot of the mountain massif Vitosha , and Sofia is the administrative , cultural , and industrial centre of the country . One of the oldest capital cities in Europe , the history of Sofia dates back to the 8th century BC , when Thracians established a settlement there .
eos Sofia is located in western Bulgaria , at the foot of the mountain massif Vitosha , and Sofia is the administrative , cultural , and industrial centre of the country . One of the oldest capital cities in Europe , the history of Sofia dates back to the 8th century BC , when Thracians established a settlement there . Sofia has had several names in the different periods of
eos Sofia is located in western Bulgaria , at the foot of the mountain massif Vitosha , and Sofia is the administrative , cultural , and industrial centre of the country . One of the oldest capital cities in Europe , the history of Sofia dates back to the 8th century BC , when Thracians established a settlement there . Sofia has had several names in the different periods of Sofia existence , and remnants of
eos 
eos St_George_Grenada , population 7,500 ( 1999 ) , is the capital of Grenada .
eos St_George_Grenada , population 7,500 ( 1999 ) , is the capital of Grenada . St_George_Grenada is located at 12 ° 3 ` N , 61 ° 45 ` W. Chief exports are cacao , nutmeg , and mace .
eos 
eos St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda is the capital city of the nation of Antigua and Barbuda , a country located in the West Indies in the Caribbean Sea .
eos St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda is the capital city of the nation of Antigua and Barbuda , a country located in the West Indies in the Caribbean Sea . St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda is located at 17 ° 7 ` N , 61 ° 51 ` W. With a population of 24,226 ( 2000 ) ,
eos St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda is the capital city of the nation of Antigua and Barbuda , a country located in the West Indies in the Caribbean Sea . St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda is located at 17 ° 7 ` N , 61 ° 51 ` W. With a population of 24,226 ( 2000 ) , St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda is the commercial centre of the nation and the chief port of the island of Antigua .
eos St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda is the capital city of the nation of Antigua and Barbuda , a country located in the West Indies in the Caribbean Sea . St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda is located at 17 ° 7 ` N , 61 ° 51 ` W. With a population of 24,226 ( 2000 ) , St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda is the commercial centre of the nation and the chief port of the island of Antigua . St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda has been the administrative centre of Antigua and Barbuda since the islands were first colonised in 1632 , and
eos 
eos Suva is the capital city of Fiji .
eos Suva is the capital city of Fiji . Suva is located on the southeast coast of the island of Viti Levu , in the division of Central Fiji , of which
eos Suva is the capital city of Fiji . Suva is located on the southeast coast of the island of Viti Levu , in the division of Central Fiji , of which Suva is the administrative centre .
eos Suva is located on the southeast coast of the island of Viti Levu , in the division of Central Fiji , of which Suva is the administrative centre . Suva became the capital of Fiji in 1877 when the geography of former main Kaivalagi ( European ) settlement at Levuka on the island of Ovalau proved too restrictive . At the 1996 census , the last to date ,
eos 
eos Sydney ( pronounced "" IPA : / ˈsɪdniː / "" ) is the most populous city in Australia with a metropolitan area population of over 4.2 million people ( 2006 ) .
eos Sydney ( pronounced "" IPA : / ˈsɪdniː / "" ) is the most populous city in Australia with a metropolitan area population of over 4.2 million people ( 2006 ) . Sydney is the state capital of New South Wales and Sydney is located on the country 's south - east coast . The first European colony in Australia ,
eos Sydney is the state capital of New South Wales and Sydney is located on the country 's south - east coast . The first European colony in Australia , Sydney was established in 1788 at Sydney Cove by Arthur Phillip who led the First Fleet from Britain . Built around Port Jackson , which includes Sydney Harbour ,
eos The first European colony in Australia , Sydney was established in 1788 at Sydney Cove by Arthur Phillip who led the First Fleet from Britain . Built around Port Jackson , which includes Sydney Harbour , Sydney has been called the ` ` Harbour City '' .
eos The first European colony in Australia , Sydney was established in 1788 at Sydney Cove by Arthur Phillip who led the First Fleet from Britain . Built around Port Jackson , which includes Sydney Harbour , Sydney has been called the ` ` Harbour City '' . Sydney is Australia 's largest financial centre and a major international tourist destination , notable for
eos Built around Port Jackson , which includes Sydney Harbour , Sydney has been called the ` ` Harbour City '' . Sydney is Australia 's largest financial centre and a major international tourist destination , notable for Sydney beaches and twin landmarks : the Sydney Opera House and the Harbour Bridge .
eos 
eos Tongyong Pinyin : Táiběi Shìh "" ; Taiwanese : Tâi - pak - chhī ) is the de facto capital city of the Republic of China on Taiwan .
eos ; Taiwanese : Tâi - pak - chhī ) is the de facto capital city of the Republic of China on Taiwan . Taipei is Republic of China 's center of politics , commercial , mass media , education , and pop culture , and today also Taipei is widely considered to be one of the ` ` Gamma world cities '' .
eos Taipei , Taipei County surrounding it , and nearby Keelung City form Taipei metropolitan area but are administered under different local government bodies .
eos Taipei is a special municipality administered directly under the ROC central government , while Taipei County and Keelung City are administered as part of Taiwan Province . Therefore , although Taipei is used to refer the whole metropolitan area , Taipei City specifically means the city proper only . According to the census data collected in july 2006 , the total population in
eos Therefore , although Taipei is used to refer the whole metropolitan area , Taipei City specifically means the city proper only . According to the census data collected in july 2006 , the total population in Taipei ( excluding Taipei County ) is 2,625,757 . The major industries in
eos 
eos Tallinn ( recent historical name : Reval ) is the capital city and main seaport of Estonia .
eos 
eos Tbilisi ( Georgian თბილისი ) is the capital and largest city of the country of Georgia , lying on the banks of the Kura ( Mtkvari ) River , at 41 ° 43 ` N , 44 ° 47 ` E.
eos Tbilisi ( Georgian თბილისი ) is the capital and largest city of the country of Georgia , lying on the banks of the Kura ( Mtkvari ) River , at 41 ° 43 ` N , 44 ° 47 ` E. Tbilisi is still sometimes known by its former Turkish name of Tiflis ( sometimes spelled Tifflis ) .
eos ` E. Tbilisi is still sometimes known by its former Turkish name of Tiflis ( sometimes spelled Tifflis ) . Tbilisi covers an area of 350 km ² ( 135 square miles ) and Tbilisi has more than 1,345,000 inhabitants .
eos Tbilisi covers an area of 350 km ² ( 135 square miles ) and Tbilisi has more than 1,345,000 inhabitants . Tbilisi is a significant industrial , social , and cultural center and Tbilisi is emerging as a major transit route for global energy / trade projects ( see Baku - Tbilisi - Ceyhan Pipeline ) .
eos Tbilisi covers an area of 350 km ² ( 135 square miles ) and Tbilisi has more than 1,345,000 inhabitants . Tbilisi is a significant industrial , social , and cultural center and Tbilisi is emerging as a major transit route for global energy / trade projects ( see Baku - Tbilisi - Ceyhan Pipeline ) . Tbilisi is located along one of the historic Silk Road routes and Tbilisi plays an important role as a trade / transit center due to
eos Tbilisi is a significant industrial , social , and cultural center and Tbilisi is emerging as a major transit route for global energy / trade projects ( see Baku - Tbilisi - Ceyhan Pipeline ) . Tbilisi is located along one of the historic Silk Road routes and Tbilisi plays an important role as a trade / transit center due to Tbilisi strategic location at the crossroads between Russia 's North Caucasus , Turkey , and the Transcaucasian republics of Armenia and Azerbaijan . In recent times ,
eos 
eos Tegucigalpa ( "" IPA : ˌteɰusiˈɰalpa "" ( Tegus for short ) , population 1,682,725 ( 2006 ) ( metro area ) , is the capital of Honduras and the republic 's largest city .
eos Tegucigalpa is located in a valley of the same name at 14 ° 5 ` N , 87 ° 13 ` W , and an elevation of 3,250 feet . The name is derived from the Nahuatl Teguz - galpa , meaning ` ` silver hills '' .
eos The name is derived from the Nahuatl Teguz - galpa , meaning ` ` silver hills '' . Tegucigalpa is also the capital of Honduras ' Francisco Morazán department .
eos 
eos Tirana ( Albanian : Tiranë or Tirana ) is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Albania .
eos ( Albanian : Tiranë or Tirana ) is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Albania . Tirana was founded in 1614 by Sulejman Pasha and Tirana became Albania 's capital city in 1920 .
eos Tirana was founded in 1614 by Sulejman Pasha and Tirana became Albania 's capital city in 1920 . Tirana is located at 41 ° 19 ' 48N , 19 ° 49 ' 12E ( 41.33 ° N , 19.82 ° E ) in the eponymous district and county .
eos Tirana is located at 41 ° 19 ' 48N , 19 ° 49 ' 12E ( 41.33 ° N , 19.82 ° E ) in the eponymous district and county . Tirana average altitude is 90 metres above sea level .
eos 
eos Tunis ( Arabic : تونس , Tūnis ) is the capital of the Tunisian Republic and also the Tunis Governorate , with a population of 699,700 in 2003 . Informal estimates state that the population of greater Tunis approaches two million . Situated on a large Mediterranean gulf , ( the Gulf of Tunis ) , behind the Lake of Tunis and the port of La Goulette ( Halq al Wadi ) ,
eos At the centre of more modern development ( colonial era and post ) lies the old medina . Beyond this section lie the suburbs of Carthage , La Marsa , and Sidi Bou Said . The medina is found at the centre of
eos The medina is found at the centre of Tunis : a dense agglomeration of alleys and covered passages , full of intense scents and colours , boisterous and active trade , a surfeit of goods on offer ranging from leather to plastic , tin to the finest filigree , tourist souvenirs to the works of tiny crafts - shops . Just through the Sea Gate ( also known as the Bab el Bahr and the Porte de France ) , begins the modern city , or Ville Nouvelle , transversed by the grand Avenue Bourguiba ( considered by many to be the Tunisian Champs - Élysées ) , where the colonial - era buildings provide a clear contrast to smaller older structures . As the capital city of the country
eos 
eos Ulan_Bator , or Ulaanbaatar ( Улаанбаатар , ᠤᠯᠠᠭᠠᠨ ᠪᠠᠭᠠᠲᠤᠷ "" Ulaɣan Baɣatar "" ) in Mongolian , is the capital of the republic of Mongolia . In september 2006
eos 
eos Vadodara ( Gujarati : વડોદરા , Hindi : बडोदा ) , pronunciation , also known as Baroda , is the third most - populated town in the Indian state of Gujarat after Ahmedabad and Surat .
eos ( Gujarati : વડોદરા , Hindi : बडोदा ) , pronunciation , also known as Baroda , is the third most - populated town in the Indian state of Gujarat after Ahmedabad and Surat . Vadodara is one of four towns in the state with a population of over 1 million , the other being Rajkot and the two cities listed above .
eos Vadodara is one of four towns in the state with a population of over 1 million , the other being Rajkot and the two cities listed above . Vadodara is located on the Vishwamitri river , southeast of Ahmedabad and Vadodara is known as the Cultural Capital of Gujarat .
eos Vadodara is located on the Vishwamitri river , southeast of Ahmedabad and Vadodara is known as the Cultural Capital of Gujarat . Vadodara is the administrative headquarters of the Vadodara District .
eos Vadodara is the administrative headquarters of the Vadodara District . Vadodara is home to almost 1.729 million people ( as of 2005 ) , the beautiful Lakshmi Vilas Palace and the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda ( MSU ) which is famous for various departments , including the fine arts , performing arts , technology and medicine streams .
eos 
eos Valparaiso is Chile 's most important seaport and an increasingly vital cultural center .
eos Valparaiso is Chile 's most important seaport and an increasingly vital cultural center . Valparaiso is located in central Chile , where
eos Valparaiso is Chile 's most important seaport and an increasingly vital cultural center . Valparaiso is located in central Chile , where Valparaiso is capital of the Region of Valparaíso .
eos Valparaiso is located in central Chile , where Valparaiso is capital of the Region of Valparaíso . Valparaiso is also home of the National Congress . Built upon dozens of steep hillsides overlooking the Pacific Ocean ,
eos Valparaiso is also home of the National Congress . Built upon dozens of steep hillsides overlooking the Pacific Ocean , Valparaiso boasts a labyrinth of streets and cobblestone alleyways , embodyng a rich architectural and cultural legacy .
eos Built upon dozens of steep hillsides overlooking the Pacific Ocean , Valparaiso boasts a labyrinth of streets and cobblestone alleyways , embodyng a rich architectural and cultural legacy . Valparaiso is protected as a UNESCO World Heritage Site and Valparaiso is often considered to be one of Latin America 's most intriguing urban areas . In 2003 , the Chilean Congress declared
eos In 2003 , the Chilean Congress declared Valparaiso to be ` ` Chile 's Cultural Capital '' and home for the nation 's new cultural ministry . Although technically only Chile 's 6th largest city , with 263,499 inhabitants ( 2002 census ) , the Greater Valparaíso metropolitan area , including the neighboring resort city of Viña del Mar , is the second largest in the country ( 803,683 inhabitants ) . Valparaiso played an important geopolitical role in the second half of the 19th century , when
eos In 2003 , the Chilean Congress declared Valparaiso to be ` ` Chile 's Cultural Capital '' and home for the nation 's new cultural ministry . Although technically only Chile 's 6th largest city , with 263,499 inhabitants ( 2002 census ) , the Greater Valparaíso metropolitan area , including the neighboring resort city of Viña del Mar , is the second largest in the country ( 803,683 inhabitants ) .
eos Although technically only Chile 's 6th largest city , with 263,499 inhabitants ( 2002 census ) , the Greater Valparaíso metropolitan area , including the neighboring resort city of Viña del Mar , is the second largest in the country ( 803,683 inhabitants ) . Valparaiso played an important geopolitical role in the second half of the 19th century , when Valparaiso served as a major stopover for ships traveling between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans by crossing the Straits of Magellan . Always a magnet for European immigrants ,
eos Although technically only Chile 's 6th largest city , with 263,499 inhabitants ( 2002 census ) , the Greater Valparaíso metropolitan area , including the neighboring resort city of Viña del Mar , is the second largest in the country ( 803,683 inhabitants ) . Valparaiso played an important geopolitical role in the second half of the 19th century , when Valparaiso served as a major stopover for ships traveling between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans by crossing the Straits of Magellan . Always a magnet for European immigrants , Valparaiso mushroomed during its golden age , when
eos Valparaiso played an important geopolitical role in the second half of the 19th century , when Valparaiso served as a major stopover for ships traveling between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans by crossing the Straits of Magellan . Always a magnet for European immigrants , Valparaiso mushroomed during its golden age , when Valparaiso was known by international sailors as ` ` Little San Francisco '' or ` ` The Jewel of the Pacific . '' Examples of
eos Always a magnet for European immigrants , Valparaiso mushroomed during its golden age , when Valparaiso was known by international sailors as ` ` Little San Francisco '' or ` ` The Jewel of the Pacific . '' Examples of Valparaiso former glory include Latin America 's oldest stock exchange , the continent 's first volunteer fire department , Chile 's first public library , and the oldest Spanish language newspaper in continuous publication in the world . The opening of the Panama Canal and reduction in ship traffic , dealt a staggering blow to
eos Always a magnet for European immigrants , Valparaiso mushroomed during its golden age , when Valparaiso was known by international sailors as ` ` Little San Francisco '' or ` ` The Jewel of the Pacific . '' Examples of Valparaiso former glory include Latin America 's oldest stock exchange , the continent 's first volunteer fire department , Chile 's first public library , and the oldest Spanish language newspaper in continuous publication in the world . The opening of the Panama Canal and reduction in ship traffic , dealt a staggering blow to Valparaiso , though
eos Examples of Valparaiso former glory include Latin America 's oldest stock exchange , the continent 's first volunteer fire department , Chile 's first public library , and the oldest Spanish language newspaper in continuous publication in the world . The opening of the Panama Canal and reduction in ship traffic , dealt a staggering blow to Valparaiso , though Valparaiso has staged an impressive rennaissance in recent years .
eos The opening of the Panama Canal and reduction in ship traffic , dealt a staggering blow to Valparaiso , though Valparaiso has staged an impressive rennaissance in recent years . Valparaiso is located in central Chile , 120 km ( 74 miles ) to the northwest of the capital Santiago .
eos Valparaiso is an important educational center with nine universities . Major industries include tourism , culture , and transport .
eos Valparaiso stages a major festival attended by hundreds of thousands of participants on the last three days of every year . The festival culminates with a ` ` New Year 's by the Sea '' fireworks show , attended by a million tourists who fill the coastline and hillsides with a view of the bay . Approximately 50 international cruise ships call on
eos The festival culminates with a ` ` New Year 's by the Sea '' fireworks show , attended by a million tourists who fill the coastline and hillsides with a view of the bay . Approximately 50 international cruise ships call on Valparaiso during the 4-month Chilean summer . The port of
eos Approximately 50 international cruise ships call on Valparaiso during the 4-month Chilean summer . The port of Valparaiso is also an important hub for shipping of container freight , and exports of wine , copper , and fresh fruit . Travel between
eos The port of Valparaiso is also an important hub for shipping of container freight , and exports of wine , copper , and fresh fruit . Travel between Valparaiso and Santiago currently takes some 70 minutes on a state - of - the - art toll road . The Chilean Congress meets in a modern building in the Almendral section of
eos The Chilean Congress meets in a modern building in the Almendral section of Valparaiso , after relocation from Santiago during the last years of the military rule of general Augusto Pinochet . Although congressional activities were to be legally moved by a ruling in 1987 , the newly built site only began to function as the seat of Congress during the democratically - elected government of Patricio Aylwin , who followed Pinochet , in 1990 . The historic quarter of
eos 
eos ( Latin : Status Civitatis Vaticanae ; Italian : Stato della Città del Vaticano ) is a landlocked sovereign city - state
eos Italian : Stato della Città del Vaticano ) is a landlocked sovereign city - state Vatican_City territory consists of a walled enclave within the city of Rome . At approximately 44 hectares ( 108.7 acres ) ,
eos At approximately 44 hectares ( 108.7 acres ) , Vatican_City is the smallest independent nation in the world . See microstates .
eos Although governed by the Bishop of Rome ( the Pope ) , the Vatican City is officially a monarchy . The highest state functionaries are all clergymen of the Catholic Church .
eos Vatican_City is the sovereign territory of the Holy See ( Latin : Sancta Sedes ) and the location of the Apostolic Palace - the Pope 's official residence - and the Roman Curia . Thus , although the principal ecclesiastical seat of the Holy See ( the Basilica of St. John Lateran ) is located outside of
eos Vatican_City is the sovereign territory of the Holy See ( Latin : Sancta Sedes ) and the location of the Apostolic Palace - the Pope 's official residence - and the Roman Curia . Thus , although the principal ecclesiastical seat of the Holy See ( the Basilica of St. John Lateran ) is located outside of Vatican_City walls , in Rome ,
eos 
eos Vienna ( German : Wien "" IPA : "" viːn "" "" ) is the capital of Austria , and also one of the nine States of Austria .
eos Vienna ( German : Wien "" IPA : "" viːn "" "" ) is the capital of Austria , and also one of the nine States of Austria . Vienna is Austria 's primate city ; with a population of about 1.6 million ( 2.2 million within the metro area ) ,
eos Vienna ( German : Wien "" IPA : "" viːn "" "" ) is the capital of Austria , and also one of the nine States of Austria . Vienna is Austria 's primate city ; with a population of about 1.6 million ( 2.2 million within the metro area ) , Vienna is by far the largest city in Austria as well as its cultural , economic and political centre .
eos Vienna is Austria 's primate city ; with a population of about 1.6 million ( 2.2 million within the metro area ) , Vienna is by far the largest city in Austria as well as its cultural , economic and political centre . Vienna lies in the south - eastern corner of Central Europe and Vienna is close to the Czech Republic , Slovakia and Hungary .
eos Vienna lies in the south - eastern corner of Central Europe and Vienna is close to the Czech Republic , Slovakia and Hungary . Vienna is the seat of a number of United Nations offices and various international institutions and companies , including the United Nations Industrial Development Organization ( UNIDO ) , the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear - Test - Ban Treaty Organization ( CTBTO ) and the Organization for Security and Co - operation in Europe ( OSCE ) . Furthermore , the 1980 Diplomatic Conference was held in
eos Vienna is the seat of a number of United Nations offices and various international institutions and companies , including the United Nations Industrial Development Organization ( UNIDO ) , the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear - Test - Ban Treaty Organization ( CTBTO ) and the Organization for Security and Co - operation in Europe ( OSCE ) . Furthermore , the 1980 Diplomatic Conference was held in Vienna that led to the adoption of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods . Additionally ,
eos 
eos Vientiane ( vyen ty n , Lao ວຽງຈັນ Viangchan ) is the capital city of Laos , situated in the Mekong Valley . The estimated population of
eos Vientiane ( vyen ty n , Lao ວຽງຈັນ Viangchan ) is the capital city of Laos , situated in the Mekong Valley . The estimated population of Vientiane is 200,000 ( 2005 ) while the number of people living in the Vientiane metropolitan area ( the entire Vientiane Prefecture and parts of Vientiane Province ) is believed to be over 730,000 .
eos 
eos ( "" Polish : Warszawa "" , "" varˈʂava "" , in full The Capital City of Warsaw , Polish : Miasto Stołeczne Warszawa ) is the capital of Poland and its largest city .
eos Miasto Stołeczne Warszawa ) is the capital of Poland and its largest city . Warsaw is located on the Vistula river roughly 370 km from both the Baltic Sea coast and the Carpathian Mountains .
eos Warsaw population as of 2005 was estimated at 1,697,596 , with a metropolitan area of approximately 2,879,000 . The city area amounts to 516.9 km ² , with an agglomeration of 6100.43 km ² ( Warsaw Metro Area - Obszar Metropolitalny Warszawy ) .
eos Warsaw population as of 2005 was estimated at 1,697,596 , with a metropolitan area of approximately 2,879,000 . The city area amounts to 516.9 km ² , with an agglomeration of 6100.43 km ² ( Warsaw Metro Area - Obszar Metropolitalny Warszawy ) . Warsaw , also the capital of the Masovian Voivodeship , is home to many industries , including manufacturing , steel , electrical engineering , and automotive ;
eos The city area amounts to 516.9 km ² , with an agglomeration of 6100.43 km ² ( Warsaw Metro Area - Obszar Metropolitalny Warszawy ) . Warsaw , also the capital of the Masovian Voivodeship , is home to many industries , including manufacturing , steel , electrical engineering , and automotive ; Warsaw features 66 institutions of higher learning , including Warsaw University , Stefan Wyszyński University , Warsaw University of Technology , Warsaw School of Economics , and a Medical Academy .
eos Warsaw , also the capital of the Masovian Voivodeship , is home to many industries , including manufacturing , steel , electrical engineering , and automotive ; Warsaw features 66 institutions of higher learning , including Warsaw University , Stefan Wyszyński University , Warsaw University of Technology , Warsaw School of Economics , and a Medical Academy . Warsaw is home to over 30 theatres , including the National Theatre and Opera and the National Philharmonic Orchestra .
eos 
eos Washington_DC , is the capital city of the United States of America . ` ` DC '' stands for the District of Columbia , the federal district coextensive with
eos Washington_DC , is the capital city of the United States of America . ` ` DC '' stands for the District of Columbia , the federal district coextensive with Washington_DC .
eos Washington_DC is named after George Washington , military leader of the American Revolution and the first President of the United States . The District of Columbia and the city of Washington are coextensive and are governed by a single municipal government , so for most practical purposes they are considered to be the same entity , though this was not always the case . As late as 1871 , there were multiple jurisdictions within
eos Washington_DC is named after George Washington , military leader of the American Revolution and the first President of the United States . The District of Columbia and the city of Washington are coextensive and are governed by a single municipal government , so for most practical purposes they are considered to be the same entity , though this was not always the case . As late as 1871 , there were multiple jurisdictions within Washington_DC , when Georgetown ceased to be a separate city within
eos The District of Columbia and the city of Washington are coextensive and are governed by a single municipal government , so for most practical purposes they are considered to be the same entity , though this was not always the case . As late as 1871 , there were multiple jurisdictions within Washington_DC , when Georgetown ceased to be a separate city within Washington_DC . Although there is a municipal government and a mayor , Congress has the supreme authority over
eos As late as 1871 , there were multiple jurisdictions within Washington_DC , when Georgetown ceased to be a separate city within Washington_DC . Although there is a municipal government and a mayor , Congress has the supreme authority over Washington_DC , which results in citizens having a different status and less representation in government than residents of the states . The centers of all three branches of the US federal government are in
eos Although there is a municipal government and a mayor , Congress has the supreme authority over Washington_DC , which results in citizens having a different status and less representation in government than residents of the states . The centers of all three branches of the US federal government are in Washington_DC as well as the headquarters of most independent agencies .
eos The centers of all three branches of the US federal government are in Washington_DC as well as the headquarters of most independent agencies . Washington_DC serves as the headquarters for the World Bank , the International Monetary Fund , and the Organization of American States , and other national and international institutions .
eos Washington_DC serves as the headquarters for the World Bank , the International Monetary Fund , and the Organization of American States , and other national and international institutions . Washington_DC is the frequent location of large political demonstrations and protests , particularly on the National Mall .
eos Washington_DC is the frequent location of large political demonstrations and protests , particularly on the National Mall . Washington_DC is the site of numerous national landmarks , monuments , and museums , and Washington_DC is a popular destination for tourists .
eos Washington_DC is the site of numerous national landmarks , monuments , and museums , and Washington_DC is a popular destination for tourists . Washington_DC is commonly known as DC , The District , or simply Washington . Historically ,
eos Washington_DC is commonly known as DC , The District , or simply Washington . Historically , Washington_DC was called the Federal City or Washington City .
eos Washington_DC is commonly known as DC , The District , or simply Washington . Historically , Washington_DC was called the Federal City or Washington City . Washington_DC is easily confused with the state of Washington , located in the Pacific Northwest - to avoid this ,
eos Historically , Washington_DC was called the Federal City or Washington City . Washington_DC is easily confused with the state of Washington , located in the Pacific Northwest - to avoid this , Washington_DC is often called simply DC , and the state referred to as ` ` Washington State . '' The population of
eos The population of Washington_DC , as of 2005 US Census Bureau estimates , is 582,049 persons . The Baltimore - Washington Metropolitan Area surpasses 8 million persons . If
eos The population of Washington_DC , as of 2005 US Census Bureau estimates , is 582,049 persons . The Baltimore - Washington Metropolitan Area surpasses 8 million persons . If Washington_DC were a state ,
eos 
eos Weno is the largest city in the Federated States of Micronesia in the State of Chuuk .
eos Weno is the largest city in the Federated States of Micronesia in the State of Chuuk . Weno located in the Western Central Pacific Ocean just north of the equator has
eos 
eos Windhoek ( pronounced ` ` Wind hook '' or German ` ` Windhuk '' ) is the capital of Namibia .
eos pronounced ` ` Wind hook '' or German ` ` Windhuk '' ) is the capital of Namibia . Windhoek has a population of 230,000 and Windhoek is a major trade centre of sheep skins .
eos Windhoek has a population of 230,000 and Windhoek is a major trade centre of sheep skins . Windhoek was originally the centre of a Nama chief , who defeated the Herero inhabitants of the region in the 19th century . Germany occupied the region in 1885 , and
eos Windhoek was originally the centre of a Nama chief , who defeated the Herero inhabitants of the region in the 19th century . Germany occupied the region in 1885 , and Windhoek became the seat of colonial rule in 1892 , as the capital of the colony of South - West Africa ( Deutsch - Südwestafrika ) . During World War I ,
eos Germany occupied the region in 1885 , and Windhoek became the seat of colonial rule in 1892 , as the capital of the colony of South - West Africa ( Deutsch - Südwestafrika ) . During World War I , Windhoek was captured by South African troops and Windhoek became a British dominion . Until the independence of Namibia was inaugurated in 1990 ,
eos During World War I , Windhoek was captured by South African troops and Windhoek became a British dominion . Until the independence of Namibia was inaugurated in 1990 , Windhoek was recognized as the capital of South West Africa as administered by the South African government .
eos 
eos Yamoussoukro is the official capital city of Côte d'Ivoire . A city of 200,659 inhabitants as of 2005 , and located 240 kilometers north of Abidjan on rolling hills and plains ,
eos Yamoussoukro is the official capital city of Côte d'Ivoire . A city of 200,659 inhabitants as of 2005 , and located 240 kilometers north of Abidjan on rolling hills and plains , Yamoussoukro covers 3,500 km ² ( 1,351.3 mi ² ) and Yamoussoukro is coterminous with
eos Yamoussoukro is the official capital city of Côte d'Ivoire . A city of 200,659 inhabitants as of 2005 , and located 240 kilometers north of Abidjan on rolling hills and plains , Yamoussoukro covers 3,500 km ² ( 1,351.3 mi ² ) and Yamoussoukro is coterminous with Yamoussoukro .
eos A city of 200,659 inhabitants as of 2005 , and located 240 kilometers north of Abidjan on rolling hills and plains , Yamoussoukro covers 3,500 km ² ( 1,351.3 mi ² ) and Yamoussoukro is coterminous with Yamoussoukro . Yamoussoukro is further split into four sub - prefectures : Attiégouakro , Didiévi , Tié - diékro and the Commune of Yamoussoukro , which contain 169 villages and hamlets . The current governor of
eos 
eos Yangon ( "" Burmese : ရန ကုန မ ရုိ "" , population 4,082,000 ( 2005 census ) , formerly Rangoon ) , is the largest city of Myanmar ( formerly Burma ) and its former capital .
eos ( "" Burmese : ရန ကုန မ ရုိ "" , population 4,082,000 ( 2005 census ) , formerly Rangoon ) , is the largest city of Myanmar ( formerly Burma ) and its former capital . Yangon is located at the convergence of the Yangon and Bago Rivers , and Yangon is about 30 km ( 19 mi ) away from the Gulf of Martaban .
eos ( "" Burmese : ရန ကုန မ ရုိ "" , population 4,082,000 ( 2005 census ) , formerly Rangoon ) , is the largest city of Myanmar ( formerly Burma ) and its former capital . Yangon is located at the convergence of the Yangon and Bago Rivers , and Yangon is about 30 km ( 19 mi ) away from the Gulf of Martaban . Yangon is located at 16 ° 48 ' North , 96 ° 09 ' East ( 16.8 , 96.15 ) , and
eos Yangon is located at 16 ° 48 ' North , 96 ° 09 ' East ( 16.8 , 96.15 ) , and Yangon standard time zone is UTC / GMT +6:30 hours . In november 2005 , the military junta began relocating the capital to Naypyidaw , Mandalay Division which was officially named as the new capital on 26 march 2006 . As compared to other major cities in Southeast Asia ,
eos Construction is booming , mostly through the influx of foreign investment ( from Singapore and China ) . Many multi - storied residential and commercial buildings ( taik ) have been reconstructed or remodelled throughout Downtown and the Greater Yangon areas .
eos ( "" Burmese : ရန "" ) and koun ( "" Burmese : ကုန "" ) , which mean ` ` enemies '' and ` ` run out of '' respectively .
eos 
eos ( Armenian : Երեւան or Երևան ; sometimes written as Erevan ; former names include Erebuni and Erivan ) ( population : 1,088,300 ( 2004 estimate ) ) is the largest city and capital of Armenia .
eos ` N , 44 ° 31 ` E , and Yerevan is the administrative , cultural , and industrial center of the country . The history of
eos ` N , 44 ° 31 ` E , and Yerevan is the administrative , cultural , and industrial center of the country . The history of Yerevan dates back to the 8th century BC , with the founding of the Urartian fortress of
eos 
eos Zagreb ( pronounced : "" IPA : "" ˈzɑgreb "" "" ) is the largest and capital city of Croatia .
eos "" IPA : "" ˈzɑgreb "" "" ) is the largest and capital city of Croatia . Zagreb is the cultural , scientific , economic , political and administrative center of the Republic of Croatia with the houses of Parliament , President and Government of the country .
eos ( 1 088 841 in the metro area ) . .
eos ( 1 088 841 in the metro area ) . . Zagreb is situated between the southern slopes of the Medvednica mountains and the northern bank of the Sava river at an elevation of 120 m above sea level , located at 45 ° 48 ` N , 15 ° 58 ` E.
eos . Zagreb is situated between the southern slopes of the Medvednica mountains and the northern bank of the Sava river at an elevation of 120 m above sea level , located at 45 ° 48 ` N , 15 ° 58 ` E. Zagreb favourable geographic position in the southwestern part of the Pannonian Basin , which extends to the Alpine , Dinaric , Adriatic and Pannonian regions , provides an excellent connection for traffic between Central Europe and the Adriatic Sea . The transport connections , concentration of industry , scientific and research institutions and industrial tradition underlie
eos Zagreb is situated between the southern slopes of the Medvednica mountains and the northern bank of the Sava river at an elevation of 120 m above sea level , located at 45 ° 48 ` N , 15 ° 58 ` E. Zagreb favourable geographic position in the southwestern part of the Pannonian Basin , which extends to the Alpine , Dinaric , Adriatic and Pannonian regions , provides an excellent connection for traffic between Central Europe and the Adriatic Sea . The transport connections , concentration of industry , scientific and research institutions and industrial tradition underlie Zagreb leading economic position in Croatia .
eos 
eos "" IPA : / ˈtsyːʁɪç / "" , in Zürich German Züri "" IPA : "" ˈtsyri "" "" ; in English often Zurich ) is the largest city in Switzerland ( population : 366,145 in 2004 ; population of urban area : 1,091,732 ) and capital of the canton of Zürich . The metropolitan population is around 1.3 million .
eos The metropolitan population is around 1.3 million . Zurich is Switzerland 's main commercial and cultural centre ( the political capital of Switzerland being Bern ) , and Zurich is widely considered to be one of the world 's global cities . According to a survey in 2006 ,
eos Zurich is Switzerland 's main commercial and cultural centre ( the political capital of Switzerland being Bern ) , and Zurich is widely considered to be one of the world 's global cities . According to a survey in 2006 , Zurich is the city with the best quality of life in the world . The origin of the name is probably the Celtic word Turus , a corroborating reference to which was found on a tomb inscription dating from the Roman occupation in the 2nd century ; the antique name of
eos 
eos Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia are two areas on the island of Cyprus
eos Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia are two areas on the island of Cyprus Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia comprise the Sovereign Base Areas Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom .
eos Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia are two areas on the island of Cyprus Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia comprise the Sovereign Base Areas Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom . Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia were retained by the UK following the transition of Cyprus ' status from a colony in the British Empire to an independent Commonwealth republic within the Commonwealth of Nations . The United Kingdom retained
eos Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia were retained by the UK following the transition of Cyprus ' status from a colony in the British Empire to an independent Commonwealth republic within the Commonwealth of Nations . The United Kingdom retained Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia arising from the strategic location of Cyprus in the Mediterranean Sea .
eos 
eos Lz̦ayer "" IPA : "" ldzæjər "" "" ) , officially the People 's Democratic Republic of Algeria is the largest country on the African continent after Sudan .
eos officially the People 's Democratic Republic of Algeria is the largest country on the African continent after Sudan . Algeria is bordered by Tunisia in the northeast , Libya in the east , Niger in the southeast , Mali and Mauritania in the southwest , and Morocco as well as a few kilometers of
eos Algeria is bordered by Tunisia in the northeast , Libya in the east , Niger in the southeast , Mali and Mauritania in the southwest , and Morocco as well as a few kilometers of Algeria annexed territory , Western Sahara , in the west . Constitutionally ,
eos 
eos Andorra ( "" Catalan : Principat d'Andorra "" , "" French : Principauté d'Andorre "" , "" Spanish : Principado de Andorra "" ) is a small landlocked principality in southwestern Europe , located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by France and Spain . Once isolated ,
eos Andorra ( "" Catalan : Principat d'Andorra "" , "" French : Principauté d'Andorre "" , "" Spanish : Principado de Andorra "" ) is a small landlocked principality in southwestern Europe , located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by France and Spain . Once isolated , Andorra is currently a prosperous country mainly because of tourism and
eos ( "" Catalan : Principat d'Andorra "" , "" French : Principauté d'Andorre "" , "" Spanish : Principado de Andorra "" ) is a small landlocked principality in southwestern Europe , located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by France and Spain . Once isolated , Andorra is currently a prosperous country mainly because of tourism and Andorra status as a tax haven .
eos Once isolated , Andorra is currently a prosperous country mainly because of tourism and Andorra status as a tax haven . Andorra has the highest life expectancy in the world , at 83.51 years .
eos Andorra has the highest life expectancy in the world , at 83.51 years . Andorra is not to be confused with the comune of Andora in Italy .
eos Andorra has the highest life expectancy in the world , at 83.51 years . Andorra is not to be confused with the comune of Andora in Italy . Andorra has no military force of
eos Andorra has the highest life expectancy in the world , at 83.51 years . Andorra is not to be confused with the comune of Andora in Italy . Andorra has no military force of Andorra own ;
eos 
eos Angola is a country in south - central Africa bordering Namibia , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , and Zambia , and with a west coast along the Atlantic Ocean . The exclave province Cabinda has a border with Republic of the Congo . A former Portuguese colony ,
eos The exclave province Cabinda has a border with Republic of the Congo . A former Portuguese colony , Angola has considerable natural resources , among which oil and diamonds are the most significant .
eos 
eos Aruba is a 32 km long island of the Lesser Antilles in the Caribbean Sea , 27 km north of the Paraguaná Peninsula , Falcón State , Venezuela , and
eos Aruba is a 32 km long island of the Lesser Antilles in the Caribbean Sea , 27 km north of the Paraguaná Peninsula , Falcón State , Venezuela , and Aruba forms a part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . Unlike much of the Caribbean region ,
eos Aruba is a 32 km long island of the Lesser Antilles in the Caribbean Sea , 27 km north of the Paraguaná Peninsula , Falcón State , Venezuela , and Aruba forms a part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . Unlike much of the Caribbean region , Aruba has a dry climate and an arid , cactus - strewn landscape . This climate has helped tourism as visitors to
eos Unlike much of the Caribbean region , Aruba has a dry climate and an arid , cactus - strewn landscape . This climate has helped tourism as visitors to Aruba can reliably expect warm , sunny weather .
eos 
eos Ascension_Island is an island in the South Atlantic Ocean , around 1,000 miles ( 1,600 km ) from the coast of Africa .
eos Ascension_Island is an island in the South Atlantic Ocean , around 1,000 miles ( 1,600 km ) from the coast of Africa . Ascension_Island is a dependency of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena , which is 800 miles ( 1,287 km ) to the south east .
eos Ascension_Island is an island in the South Atlantic Ocean , around 1,000 miles ( 1,600 km ) from the coast of Africa . Ascension_Island is a dependency of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena , which is 800 miles ( 1,287 km ) to the south east . Ascension_Island is named after the day of
eos Ascension_Island is a dependency of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena , which is 800 miles ( 1,287 km ) to the south east . Ascension_Island is named after the day of Ascension_Island recorded discovery , Ascension Day .
eos Ascension_Island is named after the day of Ascension_Island recorded discovery , Ascension Day . Ascension_Island is known as the location of Wideawake Airfield , which is a joint facility of the Royal Air Force and the United States Air Force .
eos Ascension_Island is known as the location of Wideawake Airfield , which is a joint facility of the Royal Air Force and the United States Air Force . Ascension_Island was used extensively by the British military during the Falklands War .
eos Ascension_Island was used extensively by the British military during the Falklands War . Ascension_Island hosts one of three ground antennas ( others are on Kwajalein and Diego Garcia ) that assist in the operation of the Global Positioning System ( GPS ) navigational system .
eos Ascension_Island was used extensively by the British military during the Falklands War . Ascension_Island hosts one of three ground antennas ( others are on Kwajalein and Diego Garcia ) that assist in the operation of the Global Positioning System ( GPS ) navigational system . Ascension_Island does not have
eos 
eos 
eos After sporadic visits by fishermen from the north and by European explorers and merchants starting in the seventeenth century , the eastern half of the mainland was claimed by the British in 1770 and officially settled through penal transportation as the colony of New South Wales on 26 january 1788 . As the population grew and new areas were explored , another five largely self - governing Crown Colonies were successively established over the course of the 19th century . On 1 january 1901 , the six colonies became a Federation , and
eos As the population grew and new areas were explored , another five largely self - governing Crown Colonies were successively established over the course of the 19th century . On 1 january 1901 , the six colonies became a Federation , and Australia was formed . Since federation ,
eos 
eos , "" Czech : Rakousko "" , "" Slovenian : Avstrija "" ; "" Croatian : Austrija "" ; "" Serbian : Aустрија "" ; "" Hungarian : Ausztria "" ; see also other languages ) is a landlocked country in Central Europe .
eos "" Slovenian : Avstrija "" ; "" Croatian : Austrija "" ; "" Serbian : Aустрија "" ; "" Hungarian : Ausztria "" ; see also other languages ) is a landlocked country in Central Europe . Austria borders Germany and the Czech Republic to the north , Slovakia and Hungary to the east , Slovenia and Italy to the south , and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west .
eos Austria borders Germany and the Czech Republic to the north , Slovakia and Hungary to the east , Slovenia and Italy to the south , and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west . Austria capital city is Vienna .
eos Austria capital city is Vienna . Austria is a parliamentary representative democracy consisting of nine federal states and Austria is one of six European countries that have declared permanent neutrality and one of the few countries that included the concept of everlasting neutrality in their constitution .
eos 
eos ( "" IPA : ɑ : zəbai ` ʤɑ : n "" ; Azerbaijani : Azərbaycan ) , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan ( Azerbaijani : Azərbaycan Respublikası ) , is a country in the South Caucasus . Located at the crossroads of Eastern Europe and Southwest Asia ,
eos ( Azerbaijani : Azərbaycan Respublikası ) , is a country in the South Caucasus . Located at the crossroads of Eastern Europe and Southwest Asia , Azerbaijan is bounded by the Caspian Sea to the east , Russia to the north , Georgia to the northwest , Armenia to the west , and Iran to the south . The Nakhichevan Autonomous Republic ( an exclave of
eos Located at the crossroads of Eastern Europe and Southwest Asia , Azerbaijan is bounded by the Caspian Sea to the east , Russia to the north , Georgia to the northwest , Armenia to the west , and Iran to the south . The Nakhichevan Autonomous Republic ( an exclave of Azerbaijan ) borders Armenia to the north and east , Iran to the south and west , and Turkey to the northwest . The Nagorno - Karabakh region in the southwest of
eos Located at the crossroads of Eastern Europe and Southwest Asia , Azerbaijan is bounded by the Caspian Sea to the east , Russia to the north , Georgia to the northwest , Armenia to the west , and Iran to the south . The Nakhichevan Autonomous Republic ( an exclave of Azerbaijan ) borders Armenia to the north and east , Iran to the south and west , and Turkey to the northwest . The Nagorno - Karabakh region in the southwest of Azerbaijan declared itself independent from
eos The Nakhichevan Autonomous Republic ( an exclave of Azerbaijan ) borders Armenia to the north and east , Iran to the south and west , and Turkey to the northwest . The Nagorno - Karabakh region in the southwest of Azerbaijan declared itself independent from Azerbaijan in 1991 , but it is not recognized by any nation .
eos Azerbaijan is a secular state , and Azerbaijan has been a member of the Council of Europe since 2001 . The Azerbaijani people ( or simply Azeris ) are the majority population , most of whom are traditionally adherents of Shi'a Islam .
eos 
eos Bahrain , officially the Kingdom of Bahrain ( Arabic : مملكة البحرين ) , is a borderless island nation in the Persian Gulf ( Southwest Asia / Middle East , Asia ) . Saudi Arabia lies to the west and is connected to
eos ( Arabic : مملكة البحرين ) , is a borderless island nation in the Persian Gulf ( Southwest Asia / Middle East , Asia ) . Saudi Arabia lies to the west and is connected to Bahrain by the King Fahd Causeway ( officially opened on november 25 , 1986 ) , and Qatar is to the south across the Persian Gulf . The Qatar - Bahrain Friendship Bridge , currently being planned , will link
eos Saudi Arabia lies to the west and is connected to Bahrain by the King Fahd Causeway ( officially opened on november 25 , 1986 ) , and Qatar is to the south across the Persian Gulf . The Qatar - Bahrain Friendship Bridge , currently being planned , will link Bahrain to Qatar as the longest fixed link in the world .
eos The Qatar - Bahrain Friendship Bridge , currently being planned , will link Bahrain to Qatar as the longest fixed link in the world . Bahrain is the smallest , in terms of population , Arab nation in the world , and the smallest Arab member of the United Nations .
eos 
eos Bangladesh , officially the People 's Republic of Bangladesh , is a country in South Asia .
eos Bangladesh , officially the People 's Republic of Bangladesh , is a country in South Asia . Bangladesh is surrounded by India on all sides except for a small border with Myanmar to the far southeast and the Bay of Bengal to the south . Together with the Indian state of West Bengal ,
eos Together with the Indian state of West Bengal , Bangladesh makes up the ethno - linguistic region of Bengal . The name Bangladesh means ` ` Country of Bengal '' and is written as বাংলাদেশ and pronounced "" ` baŋlad̪eʃ "" in the official Bengali language . The borders of
eos Together with the Indian state of West Bengal , Bangladesh makes up the ethno - linguistic region of Bengal . The name Bangladesh means ` ` Country of Bengal '' and is written as বাংলাদেশ and pronounced "" ` baŋlad̪eʃ "" in the official Bengali language . The borders of Bangladesh were set by the Partition of India in 1947 , when
eos The name Bangladesh means ` ` Country of Bengal '' and is written as বাংলাদেশ and pronounced "" ` baŋlad̪eʃ "" in the official Bengali language . The borders of Bangladesh were set by the Partition of India in 1947 , when Bangladesh became the eastern wing of Pakistan ( East Pakistan ) , separated from the western wing by 1,600 km ( 1,000 miles ) . Despite their common religion of Islam , the ethnic and linguistic gulf between the two wings , compounded by an apathetic government based in West Pakistan , resulted in the independence of
eos The name Bangladesh means ` ` Country of Bengal '' and is written as বাংলাদেশ and pronounced "" ` baŋlad̪eʃ "" in the official Bengali language . The borders of Bangladesh were set by the Partition of India in 1947 , when Bangladesh became the eastern wing of Pakistan ( East Pakistan ) , separated from the western wing by 1,600 km ( 1,000 miles ) . Despite their common religion of Islam , the ethnic and linguistic gulf between the two wings , compounded by an apathetic government based in West Pakistan , resulted in the independence of Bangladesh under the leadership of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman in 1971 after the bloody Bangladesh Liberation War , in which
eos Despite their common religion of Islam , the ethnic and linguistic gulf between the two wings , compounded by an apathetic government based in West Pakistan , resulted in the independence of Bangladesh under the leadership of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman in 1971 after the bloody Bangladesh Liberation War , in which Bangladesh was supported by India . The years following independence have been marked by political turmoil , with thirteen different heads of government , and at least four military coups . The population of Bangladesh ranks seventh in the world , but Bangladesh area of approximately 144,000 km ² is ranked ninety - fourth , making
eos Despite their common religion of Islam , the ethnic and linguistic gulf between the two wings , compounded by an apathetic government based in West Pakistan , resulted in the independence of Bangladesh under the leadership of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman in 1971 after the bloody Bangladesh Liberation War , in which Bangladesh was supported by India . The years following independence have been marked by political turmoil , with thirteen different heads of government , and at least four military coups . The population of
eos Despite their common religion of Islam , the ethnic and linguistic gulf between the two wings , compounded by an apathetic government based in West Pakistan , resulted in the independence of Bangladesh under the leadership of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman in 1971 after the bloody Bangladesh Liberation War , in which Bangladesh was supported by India . The years following independence have been marked by political turmoil , with thirteen different heads of government , and at least four military coups . The population of Bangladesh ranks seventh in the world , but
eos The years following independence have been marked by political turmoil , with thirteen different heads of government , and at least four military coups . The population of Bangladesh ranks seventh in the world , but Bangladesh area of approximately 144,000 km ² is ranked ninety - fourth , making Bangladesh one of the most densely populated countries in the world , or the most densely populated country if small island nations or city - states are not included .
eos The population of Bangladesh ranks seventh in the world , but Bangladesh area of approximately 144,000 km ² is ranked ninety - fourth , making Bangladesh one of the most densely populated countries in the world , or the most densely populated country if small island nations or city - states are not included . Bangladesh is the third largest Muslim - majority nation , but Bangladesh has a slightly smaller Muslim population than the Muslim minority in India . Geographically dominated by the fertile Ganges - Brahmaputra Delta ,
eos Bangladesh is the third largest Muslim - majority nation , but Bangladesh has a slightly smaller Muslim population than the Muslim minority in India . Geographically dominated by the fertile Ganges - Brahmaputra Delta , Bangladesh has annual monsoon floods , and cyclones are frequent .
eos 
eos Barbados is an independent island nation located in the western Atlantic Ocean , just to the east of the Caribbean Sea , found at roughly 13 ° north of the Equator and 59 ° west of the Prime Meridian . Located relatively close to South America
eos Barbados is an independent island nation located in the western Atlantic Ocean , just to the east of the Caribbean Sea , found at roughly 13 ° north of the Equator and 59 ° west of the Prime Meridian . Located relatively close to South America Barbados is around 434.5 kilometres ( 270 miles ) northeast of the South American nation of Venezuela . The closest island neighbours to
eos The closest island neighbours to Barbados are Saint Lucia and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines both located to the west Trinidad and Tobago to the south and Grenada to the south - west .
eos both located to the west Trinidad and Tobago to the south and Grenada to the south - west . Barbados is part of Lesser Antilles .
eos Barbados is part of Lesser Antilles . Barbados possesses a land area of around 430 square kilometres , ( 166 sq . mi ) , and Barbados is primarily low - lying , with some higher regions in
eos Barbados possesses a land area of around 430 square kilometres , ( 166 sq . mi ) , and Barbados is primarily low - lying , with some higher regions in Barbados interior . The organic composition of
eos mi ) , and Barbados is primarily low - lying , with some higher regions in Barbados interior . The organic composition of Barbados is thought to be of non - volcanic origin and is predominantly composed of limestone - coral .
eos The organic composition of Barbados is thought to be of non - volcanic origin and is predominantly composed of limestone - coral . Barbados atmosphere is sub - tropical with constant trade winds off the Atlantic Ocean and some undeveloped areas contain marshes and mangrove swamps . Other parts of
eos The organic composition of Barbados is thought to be of non - volcanic origin and is predominantly composed of limestone - coral . Barbados atmosphere is sub - tropical with constant trade winds off the Atlantic Ocean and some undeveloped areas contain marshes and mangrove swamps . Other parts of Barbados interior contributing
eos Barbados atmosphere is sub - tropical with constant trade winds off the Atlantic Ocean and some undeveloped areas contain marshes and mangrove swamps . Other parts of Barbados interior contributing Barbados agricultural sector are dotted with large sugarcane estates and wide gently sloping pastures with many good views down to the sea .
eos Barbados atmosphere is sub - tropical with constant trade winds off the Atlantic Ocean and some undeveloped areas contain marshes and mangrove swamps . Other parts of Barbados interior contributing Barbados agricultural sector are dotted with large sugarcane estates and wide gently sloping pastures with many good views down to the sea . Barbados has one of the highest standards of living and literacy rates in the developing world and , according to the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) ,
eos Other parts of Barbados interior contributing Barbados agricultural sector are dotted with large sugarcane estates and wide gently sloping pastures with many good views down to the sea . Barbados has one of the highest standards of living and literacy rates in the developing world and , according to the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) , Barbados is currently the No . 4 most developed of all developing countries in the world . Despite
eos Other parts of Barbados interior contributing Barbados agricultural sector are dotted with large sugarcane estates and wide gently sloping pastures with many good views down to the sea . Barbados has one of the highest standards of living and literacy rates in the developing world and , according to the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) , Barbados is currently the No . 4 most developed of all developing countries in the world . Despite Barbados small geographical size ,
eos Barbados has one of the highest standards of living and literacy rates in the developing world and , according to the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) , Barbados is currently the No . 4 most developed of all developing countries in the world . Despite Barbados small geographical size , Barbados constantly ranks in the top 30 ( or 31 ) countries in the HDI ( Human Development Index ) rankings .
eos 
eos ( Belarusian : Беларусь , ōacinka : Biełaruś ; "" Russian : "" "" "" ) is a landlocked nation - state in Eastern Europe ,
eos Беларусь , ōacinka : Biełaruś ; "" Russian : "" "" "" ) is a landlocked nation - state in Eastern Europe , Belarus borders Russia , Ukraine , Poland , Lithuania , and Latvia .
eos Belarus capital city is Minsk , and other important cities include Brest , Grodno , Gomel , Mogilev and Vitebsk . Throughout much of history , the area which is now known as Belarus was part of various countries including the Duchy of Polatsk , the Grand Duchy of Lithuania , Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth and the Russian Empire . Eventually , in 1922 ,
eos Throughout much of history , the area which is now known as Belarus was part of various countries including the Duchy of Polatsk , the Grand Duchy of Lithuania , Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth and the Russian Empire . Eventually , in 1922 , Belarus became a republic in the Soviet Union as the Byelorussian SSR .
eos Throughout much of history , the area which is now known as Belarus was part of various countries including the Duchy of Polatsk , the Grand Duchy of Lithuania , Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth and the Russian Empire . Eventually , in 1922 , Belarus became a republic in the Soviet Union as the Byelorussian SSR . Belarus officially declared
eos Eventually , in 1922 , Belarus became a republic in the Soviet Union as the Byelorussian SSR . Belarus officially declared Belarus sovereignty on 27 august 1990 , and following the collapse of the Soviet Union , Belarus declared independence as the Republic of Belarus on 25 august 1991 . Since 1994 , Alexander Lukashenko has been
eos Belarus officially declared Belarus sovereignty on 27 august 1990 , and following the collapse of the Soviet Union , Belarus declared independence as the Republic of Belarus on 25 august 1991 . Since 1994 , Alexander Lukashenko has been Belarus president .
eos Since 1994 , Alexander Lukashenko has been Belarus president . Belarus is currently in negotiations with neighboring Russia to integrate both of their economies , among other things , in a plan called the Union of Russia and Belarus .
eos Belarus is currently in negotiations with neighboring Russia to integrate both of their economies , among other things , in a plan called the Union of Russia and Belarus . Belarus continues to suffer from the effects of nuclear fallout from the 1986 Chernobyl accident , which took place in neighboring Ukraine . Officially ,
eos 
eos Belgium ( Dutch : Koninkrijk België ; French : Royaume de Belgique ; German : Königreich Belgien ) is a country in northwest Europe bordered by the Netherlands , Germany , Luxembourg and France and Belgium is one of the founding and core members of the European Union .
eos 
eos Belize , formerly known as British Honduras , is a small nation on the eastern coast of Central America on the Caribbean Sea bordered by Mexico to the northwest and Guatemala to the west and south .
eos Belize , formerly known as British Honduras , is a small nation on the eastern coast of Central America on the Caribbean Sea bordered by Mexico to the northwest and Guatemala to the west and south . Belize is a parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy which recognizes Queen Elizabeth II as Sovereign . The name is shared by the Belize River ,
eos Belize is a parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy which recognizes Queen Elizabeth II as Sovereign . The name is shared by the Belize River , Belize longest river , and Belize City , the former capital and largest city . The only English - speaking country in Central America ,
eos The only English - speaking country in Central America , Belize was a British colony for more than a century and Belize was known as British Honduras until 1973 .
eos and Belize was known as British Honduras until 1973 . Belize became an independent nation in 1981 .
eos and Belize was known as British Honduras until 1973 . Belize became an independent nation in 1981 . Belize is a member of the Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) and the Sistema de Integración Centroamericana ( SICA ) and Belize considers
eos Belize became an independent nation in 1981 . Belize is a member of the Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) and the Sistema de Integración Centroamericana ( SICA ) and Belize considers Belize to be culturally both Caribbean and Central American .
eos 
eos Benin , officially the Republic of Benin , is a country in Western Africa , formerly known as Dahomey ( until 1975 ) or Dahomania .
eos Benin , officially the Republic of Benin , is a country in Western Africa , formerly known as Dahomey ( until 1975 ) or Dahomania . Benin borders Togo to the west , Nigeria to the east and Burkina Faso and Niger to the north ;
eos Benin borders Togo to the west , Nigeria to the east and Burkina Faso and Niger to the north ; Benin short coastline to the south leads to the Bight of Benin .
eos 
eos Bermuda ( alias , The Bermuda Islands formerly , The Somers Isles ) is an overseas territory of the United Kingdom in the North Atlantic Ocean , situated around 640 miles ( 975 km ) off the coast of the United States . The oldest remaining British overseas territory ,
eos Bermuda ( alias , The Bermuda Islands formerly , The Somers Isles ) is an overseas territory of the United Kingdom in the North Atlantic Ocean , situated around 640 miles ( 975 km ) off the coast of the United States . The oldest remaining British overseas territory , Bermuda was settled by England a century before the Acts of Union , and two centuries before the creation of the United Kingdom . Although commonly referred to in the singular ,
eos Although commonly referred to in the singular , Bermuda consists of around 138 islands , of total area 58.8 square kilometres ( 27.7 sq . mi ) . Compiling a list of these islands is often complicated , as many have more than one name ( as does
eos Although commonly referred to in the singular , Bermuda consists of around 138 islands , of total area 58.8 square kilometres ( 27.7 sq . mi ) . Compiling a list of these islands is often complicated , as many have more than one name ( as does Bermuda ,
eos Although commonly referred to in the singular , Bermuda consists of around 138 islands , of total area 58.8 square kilometres ( 27.7 sq . mi ) . Compiling a list of these islands is often complicated , as many have more than one name ( as does Bermuda , Bermuda , in addition to
eos Despite the limited land mass , there has also been a tendency for place names to be repeated ( there are two Long Islands , for instance , and two Long Bays , and the town of St. George is located on the island and within the parish of St. George 's ) . The largest island , Main Island ( also called Bermuda , or Great Bermuda ) , is the location of the capital , the City of Hamilton ( which is in Pembroke Parish , and is often confused with Hamilton Parish ) .
eos The largest island , Main Island ( also called Bermuda , or Great Bermuda ) , is the location of the capital , the City of Hamilton ( which is in Pembroke Parish , and is often confused with Hamilton Parish ) . Bermuda has a thriving economy , with a large financial sector and tourism industry .
eos Bermuda has a thriving economy , with a large financial sector and tourism industry . Bermuda is blessed with a warm , tropical climate and beautiful beaches .
eos 
eos Bhutan ( also Bootan ) ( "" IPA : buː ` tɑːn "" Listen ) is a landlocked South Asian nation situated between India and People 's Republic of China .
eos Bhutan is mountainous except for an 8 - 10 mile ( 13 - 16 km ) wide strip of subtropical plains in the extreme south which is intersected by valleys known as the Duars . The elevation gain from the subtropical plains to the glacier - covered Himalayan heights exceeds 23,000 feet ( 7,000 m ) .
eos Bhutan is mountainous except for an 8 - 10 mile ( 13 - 16 km ) wide strip of subtropical plains in the extreme south which is intersected by valleys known as the Duars . The elevation gain from the subtropical plains to the glacier - covered Himalayan heights exceeds 23,000 feet ( 7,000 m ) . Bhutan traditional economy is based on forestry , animal husbandry and subsistence agriculture however these account for less than 50 % of a GDP now that
eos An extensive census done in april , 2006 resulted in a population figure of 672,425 . Thimphu is the capital and largest city .
eos An extensive census done in april , 2006 resulted in a population figure of 672,425 . Thimphu is the capital and largest city . Bhutan is one of the most isolated nations in the world ; foreign influences and tourism are regulated by the government to preserve
eos Most Bhutanese follow either the Drukpa Kagyu or the Nyingmapa school of Tibetan Buddhism . The official language is Dzongkha ( lit . ` ` the language of the dzong '' ) .
eos The official language is Dzongkha ( lit . ` ` the language of the dzong '' ) . Bhutan is often described as the last surviving refuge of traditional Himalayan Buddhist culture .
eos The official language is Dzongkha ( lit . ` ` the language of the dzong '' ) . Bhutan is often described as the last surviving refuge of traditional Himalayan Buddhist culture . Bhutan is linked historically and culturally with
eos Bhutan is often described as the last surviving refuge of traditional Himalayan Buddhist culture . Bhutan is linked historically and culturally with Bhutan northern neighbor Tibet . Yet politically and economically today 's
eos Bhutan is linked historically and culturally with Bhutan northern neighbor Tibet . Yet politically and economically today 's Bhutan has drawn much closer to India .
eos 
eos bo ` liβi̯a "" "" , Quechua : Bolivia , Aymara : Bolivia ' -RCB- ) , named after Simón Bolívar , is a landlocked country in central South America .
eos 
eos Bosnia_and_Herzegovina , also known as the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina is a country on the Balkan peninsula of southern Europe with an area of 51,129 km ² ( 19,741 square miles ) , and an estimated population of around four million people .
eos Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is known in the country 's official languages as Bosna i Hercegovina or Босна и Херцеговина ( in the Latin and Cyrillic alphabets respectively ) , although the name is commonly abbreviated to Bosnia , BIH ' , ` BiH or БиХ .
eos и Херцеговина ( in the Latin and Cyrillic alphabets respectively ) , although the name is commonly abbreviated to Bosnia , BIH ' , ` BiH or БиХ . Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is a homeland to three ethnic ` ` constituent peoples '' : Bosniaks , Serbs and Croats . Regardless of ethnicity , a citizen of
eos Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is a homeland to three ethnic ` ` constituent peoples '' : Bosniaks , Serbs and Croats . Regardless of ethnicity , a citizen of Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is often identified in English as a Bosnian .
eos Regardless of ethnicity , a citizen of Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is often identified in English as a Bosnian . Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is decentralized and Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is administratively divided into two ` ` entities '' , the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Republika Srpska . Bordered by Croatia to the north , west and south , Serbia to the east , and Montenegro to the south ,
eos Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is decentralized and Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is administratively divided into two ` ` entities '' , the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Republika Srpska . Bordered by Croatia to the north , west and south , Serbia to the east , and Montenegro to the south , Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is landlocked , except for 20 km of the Adriatic Sea coastline , centered around the town of Neum . The interior of
eos Bordered by Croatia to the north , west and south , Serbia to the east , and Montenegro to the south , Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is landlocked , except for 20 km of the Adriatic Sea coastline , centered around the town of Neum . The interior of Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is heavily mountainous and divided by various rivers , most of which are nonnavigable .
eos The interior of Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is heavily mountainous and divided by various rivers , most of which are nonnavigable . Bosnia_and_Herzegovina capital and largest city is Sarajevo . Formerly one of the six federal units constituting the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ,
eos The interior of Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is heavily mountainous and divided by various rivers , most of which are nonnavigable . Bosnia_and_Herzegovina capital and largest city is Sarajevo . Formerly one of the six federal units constituting the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , Bosnia_and_Herzegovina gained
eos Bosnia_and_Herzegovina capital and largest city is Sarajevo . Formerly one of the six federal units constituting the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , Bosnia_and_Herzegovina gained Bosnia_and_Herzegovina independence during the Yugoslav wars of the 1990s . As a result of the Dayton Accords
eos Formerly one of the six federal units constituting the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , Bosnia_and_Herzegovina gained Bosnia_and_Herzegovina independence during the Yugoslav wars of the 1990s . As a result of the Dayton Accords Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is currently administered in a supervisory role by a High Representative selected by the Peace Implementaton Council . More recently
eos As a result of the Dayton Accords Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is currently administered in a supervisory role by a High Representative selected by the Peace Implementaton Council . More recently Bosnia_and_Herzegovina has acquired many central institutions ( such as ministry of defense , state court etc . ) as
eos As a result of the Dayton Accords Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is currently administered in a supervisory role by a High Representative selected by the Peace Implementaton Council . More recently Bosnia_and_Herzegovina has acquired many central institutions ( such as ministry of defense , state court etc . ) as Bosnia_and_Herzegovina takes the jurisdiction back from
eos 
eos ( Tswana : Lefatshe la Botswana ) , is a landlocked nation in Southern Africa . Formerly the British protectorate of Bechuanaland ,
eos ( Tswana : Lefatshe la Botswana ) , is a landlocked nation in Southern Africa . Formerly the British protectorate of Bechuanaland , Botswana adopted
eos Formerly the British protectorate of Bechuanaland , Botswana adopted Botswana new name after becoming independent within the Commonwealth on september 30 , 1966 .
eos Botswana is bordered by South Africa to the south and southeast , Namibia to the west , Zambia to the north , and Zimbabwe to the northeast . The economy , closely tied to South Africa 's , is predominated by mining ( especially diamonds ) , cattle , and tourism .
eos Botswana is bordered by South Africa to the south and southeast , Namibia to the west , Zambia to the north , and Zimbabwe to the northeast . The economy , closely tied to South Africa 's , is predominated by mining ( especially diamonds ) , cattle , and tourism . Botswana is named after
eos 
eos Bouvet_Island ( Norwegian : Bouvetøya ) is an uninhabited sub - antarctic volcanic island in the South Atlantic Ocean , south - southwest of the Cape of Good Hope ( South Africa ) .
eos Bouvet_Island ( Norwegian : Bouvetøya ) is an uninhabited sub - antarctic volcanic island in the South Atlantic Ocean , south - southwest of the Cape of Good Hope ( South Africa ) . Bouvet_Island is a dependent area of Norway and Bouvet_Island is not subject to the Antarctic Treaty , as
eos 
eos ( "" Portuguese : Brasil "" or "" Portuguese : República Federativa do Brasil "" , listen ) , is the largest and most populous country in South America , and fifth largest in the world in both area and population .
eos República Federativa do Brasil "" , listen ) , is the largest and most populous country in South America , and fifth largest in the world in both area and population . Brazil is also the second most populous country in the Western Hemisphere after the United States . Spanning a vast area between central South America and the Atlantic Ocean ,
eos República Federativa do Brasil "" , listen ) , is the largest and most populous country in South America , and fifth largest in the world in both area and population . Brazil is also the second most populous country in the Western Hemisphere after the United States . Spanning a vast area between central South America and the Atlantic Ocean , Brazil is the easternmost country of America and
eos Brazil is also the second most populous country in the Western Hemisphere after the United States . Spanning a vast area between central South America and the Atlantic Ocean , Brazil is the easternmost country of America and Brazil borders Uruguay , Argentina , Paraguay , Bolivia , Peru , Colombia , Venezuela , Guyana , Suriname and the French department of French Guiana . In fact ,
eos Spanning a vast area between central South America and the Atlantic Ocean , Brazil is the easternmost country of America and Brazil borders Uruguay , Argentina , Paraguay , Bolivia , Peru , Colombia , Venezuela , Guyana , Suriname and the French department of French Guiana . In fact , Brazil borders every South American nation except for Ecuador and Chile .
eos In fact , Brazil borders every South American nation except for Ecuador and Chile . Brazil name is generally believed to be derived from pau - brasil ( brazilwood ) , a tree highly valued by early colonists , though some credit the name to a mythical land mentioned in Europe during Middle Ages .
eos Brazil name is generally believed to be derived from pau - brasil ( brazilwood ) , a tree highly valued by early colonists , though some credit the name to a mythical land mentioned in Europe during Middle Ages . Brazil is home to both extensive agricultural lands and rain forests . Exploring vast natural resources and a large labor pool ,
eos Exploring vast natural resources and a large labor pool , Brazil is South America 's leading economic power and a regional leader . Brazilian society is still heavily influenced by Portugal 's 300 year colonization . Portuguese is the official language , and the Roman Catholic religion is adopted by most of
eos Portuguese is the official language , and the Roman Catholic religion is adopted by most of Brazil people , with a number of adherents never seen in any other country . The population is composed mainly of descendants from European immigrants and Africans brought during the slavery times . In the late 19th and early 20th centuries ,
eos The population is composed mainly of descendants from European immigrants and Africans brought during the slavery times . In the late 19th and early 20th centuries , Brazil attracted well over 5 million European , Arab and Japanese immigrants . That period also saw
eos The population is composed mainly of descendants from European immigrants and Africans brought during the slavery times . In the late 19th and early 20th centuries , Brazil attracted well over 5 million European , Arab and Japanese immigrants . That period also saw Brazil industrialise , further colonise , and develop
eos In the late 19th and early 20th centuries , Brazil attracted well over 5 million European , Arab and Japanese immigrants . That period also saw Brazil industrialise , further colonise , and develop Brazil interior . After declaring independence from Portugal in 1822 ,
eos Brazilian democracy was replaced by dictatorships three times - 1930 - 1934 and 1937 - 1945 under Getúlio Vargas , and 1964 - 1985 , under a succession of generals appointed by the military . In the 1980s the military regime ended and a new constitution was established , opening the way to the Brazilians ' return to democracy . Currently
eos Brazilian democracy was replaced by dictatorships three times - 1930 - 1934 and 1937 - 1945 under Getúlio Vargas , and 1964 - 1985 , under a succession of generals appointed by the military . In the 1980s the military regime ended and a new constitution was established , opening the way to the Brazilians ' return to democracy . Currently Brazil greatest challenge is to reactivate
eos Brazilian democracy was replaced by dictatorships three times - 1930 - 1934 and 1937 - 1945 under Getúlio Vargas , and 1964 - 1985 , under a succession of generals appointed by the military . In the 1980s the military regime ended and a new constitution was established , opening the way to the Brazilians ' return to democracy . Currently Brazil greatest challenge is to reactivate Brazil economy , which was once one of the most thriving in the world but had many problems in the last 20 - 30 years , while dealing with serious issues that plague many of
eos 
eos British_Virgin_Islands ( BVI ) is a British overseas territory , located in the Caribbean to the east of Puerto Rico .
eos British_Virgin_Islands ( BVI ) is a British overseas territory , located in the Caribbean to the east of Puerto Rico . British_Virgin_Islands make up part of the Virgin Islands archipelago ( the remainder constituting the US Virgin Islands ; see also Spanish Virgin Islands ) .
eos British_Virgin_Islands make up part of the Virgin Islands archipelago ( the remainder constituting the US Virgin Islands ; see also Spanish Virgin Islands ) . British_Virgin_Islands consist of the main islands of Tortola , Virgin Gorda , Anegada and Jost Van Dyke , along with over 50 other smaller islands and cays . Around 15 of
eos Around 15 of British_Virgin_Islands are inhabited . The largest island , Tortola , is approximately 12 miles ( 19 km ) long and 3 miles ( 5 km ) wide .
eos 
eos Burkina_Faso is a landlocked nation in West Africa .
eos Burkina_Faso is surrounded by six countries : Mali to the north , Niger to the east , Benin to the south east , Togo and Ghana to the south , and Côte d'Ivoire to the south west . Formerly the Republic of Upper Volta ,
eos Burkina_Faso is surrounded by six countries : Mali to the north , Niger to the east , Benin to the south east , Togo and Ghana to the south , and Côte d'Ivoire to the south west . Formerly the Republic of Upper Volta , Burkina_Faso was renamed on august 4 , 1984 by President Thomas Sankara to mean ` ` the land of upright people '' ( or ` ` upright land '' ) in Mossi and Dioula , the major native languages of
eos Governmental instability during the 1970s and 1980s was followed by multiparty elections in the early 1990s . Several hundred thousand farm workers migrate south every year to Côte d'Ivoire and Ghana in search of paid labour . The inhabitants of
eos 
eos "" IPA : / bəˈɹʊndɪ / "" ) , officially the Republic of Burundi , is a small country in the Great Lakes region of Africa . The former name was Urundi - Ubrundi - Bruwanda . Urundi is the shortened form of ` ` Urundi Rwanda '' ( ` ` The other Rwanda '' ) , as the Belgian colonial powers formerly referred to
eos The former name was Urundi - Ubrundi - Bruwanda . Urundi is the shortened form of ` ` Urundi Rwanda '' ( ` ` The other Rwanda '' ) , as the Belgian colonial powers formerly referred to Burundi .
eos Urundi is the shortened form of ` ` Urundi Rwanda '' ( ` ` The other Rwanda '' ) , as the Belgian colonial powers formerly referred to Burundi . Burundi is bordered by Rwanda on the north , Tanzania on the south and east , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the west . Although
eos Urundi is the shortened form of ` ` Urundi Rwanda '' ( ` ` The other Rwanda '' ) , as the Belgian colonial powers formerly referred to Burundi . Burundi is bordered by Rwanda on the north , Tanzania on the south and east , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the west . Although Burundi is landlocked , much of
eos Burundi is bordered by Rwanda on the north , Tanzania on the south and east , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the west . Although Burundi is landlocked , much of Burundi western border is adjacent to Lake Tanganyika . The
eos Burundi is bordered by Rwanda on the north , Tanzania on the south and east , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the west . Although Burundi is landlocked , much of Burundi western border is adjacent to Lake Tanganyika . The Burundi modern name is derived from
eos Although Burundi is landlocked , much of Burundi western border is adjacent to Lake Tanganyika . The Burundi modern name is derived from Burundi Bantu language , Kirundi . Geographically isolated , facing population pressures and having sparse resources ,
eos The Burundi modern name is derived from Burundi Bantu language , Kirundi . Geographically isolated , facing population pressures and having sparse resources , Burundi is one of the poorest and most conflict - ridden countries in Africa and in the world . Burundi small size belies the magnitude of the problems
eos The Burundi modern name is derived from Burundi Bantu language , Kirundi . Geographically isolated , facing population pressures and having sparse resources , Burundi is one of the poorest and most conflict - ridden countries in Africa and in the world .
eos 
eos Cambodia ( Khmer : transliterated : Preăh Réachéanachâkr Kâmpŭchea ) is a country in Southeast Asia with a population of more than 13 million .
eos ( Khmer : transliterated : Preăh Réachéanachâkr Kâmpŭchea ) is a country in Southeast Asia with a population of more than 13 million . Cambodia is the successor state of the once powerful Khmer Empire , which ruled most of the Indochinese Peninsula between the 11th and 14th centuries . A citizen of
eos Cambodia is the successor state of the once powerful Khmer Empire , which ruled most of the Indochinese Peninsula between the 11th and 14th centuries . A citizen of Cambodia is usually identified as ` ` Cambodian '' or ` ` Khmer '' , which is strictly refers to ethnic Khmers . Most Cambodians are Theravada Buddhists of Khmer extraction , but
eos A citizen of Cambodia is usually identified as ` ` Cambodian '' or ` ` Khmer '' , which is strictly refers to ethnic Khmers . Most Cambodians are Theravada Buddhists of Khmer extraction , but Cambodia also has a substantial number of predominantly Muslim Cham , as well as small hill tribes .
eos A citizen of Cambodia is usually identified as ` ` Cambodian '' or ` ` Khmer '' , which is strictly refers to ethnic Khmers . Most Cambodians are Theravada Buddhists of Khmer extraction , but Cambodia also has a substantial number of predominantly Muslim Cham , as well as small hill tribes . Cambodia shares a border with Thailand to
eos A citizen of Cambodia is usually identified as ` ` Cambodian '' or ` ` Khmer '' , which is strictly refers to ethnic Khmers . Most Cambodians are Theravada Buddhists of Khmer extraction , but Cambodia also has a substantial number of predominantly Muslim Cham , as well as small hill tribes . Cambodia shares a border with Thailand to Cambodia west and northwest , with Laos to
eos A citizen of Cambodia is usually identified as ` ` Cambodian '' or ` ` Khmer '' , which is strictly refers to ethnic Khmers . Most Cambodians are Theravada Buddhists of Khmer extraction , but Cambodia also has a substantial number of predominantly Muslim Cham , as well as small hill tribes . Cambodia shares a border with Thailand to Cambodia west and northwest , with Laos to Cambodia northeast , and with Vietnam to
eos Most Cambodians are Theravada Buddhists of Khmer extraction , but Cambodia also has a substantial number of predominantly Muslim Cham , as well as small hill tribes . Cambodia shares a border with Thailand to Cambodia west and northwest , with Laos to Cambodia northeast , and with Vietnam to Cambodia east and southeast . In the south
eos Cambodia shares a border with Thailand to Cambodia west and northwest , with Laos to Cambodia northeast , and with Vietnam to Cambodia east and southeast . In the south Cambodia faces the Gulf of Thailand . The geography of
eos The geography of Cambodia is dominated by the Mekong river ( colloquial Khmer : Tonle Thom or ` ` the great river '' ) and the Tonlé Sap ( ` ` the fresh water river '' ) , an important source of fish .
eos The geography of Cambodia is dominated by the Mekong river ( colloquial Khmer : Tonle Thom or ` ` the great river '' ) and the Tonlé Sap ( ` ` the fresh water river '' ) , an important source of fish . Cambodia low geography means much of
eos The geography of Cambodia is dominated by the Mekong river ( colloquial Khmer : Tonle Thom or ` ` the great river '' ) and the Tonlé Sap ( ` ` the fresh water river '' ) , an important source of fish . Cambodia low geography means much of Cambodia sits near to below sea level , and
eos 
eos Cameroon , officially the Republic of Cameroon , is a unitary republic of central Africa .
eos Cameroon , officially the Republic of Cameroon , is a unitary republic of central Africa . Cameroon borders Nigeria , Chad , Central African Republic , Republic of Congo , Gabon , Equatorial Guinea and the Gulf of Guinea .
eos Cameroon borders Nigeria , Chad , Central African Republic , Republic of Congo , Gabon , Equatorial Guinea and the Gulf of Guinea . Cameroon , a German colony at the time of World War I , was split among the French and British as war spoils after the defeat of Germany . In 1960 , French Cameroun became independent as the Republic of Cameroun , and merged with the southern part of British Cameroons in 1961 to form
eos In 1960 , French Cameroun became independent as the Republic of Cameroun , and merged with the southern part of British Cameroons in 1961 to form Cameroon . It was renamed the United Republic of Cameroon in 1972 , and the Republic of Cameroon or "" French : République du Cameroun "" in 1984 (
eos It was renamed the United Republic of Cameroon in 1972 , and the Republic of Cameroon or "" French : République du Cameroun "" in 1984 ( Cameroon official languages are English and French ) . Compared to other African countries ,
eos 
eos Canada ( pronounced "" IPA : / ` kænədə / "" in English and "" IPA : / kanada / "" in French ) is the world 's second - largest country by total area , occupying most of northern North America . Extending from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean and northward into the Arctic Ocean ,
eos Canada ( pronounced "" IPA : / ` kænədə / "" in English and "" IPA : / kanada / "" in French ) is the world 's second - largest country by total area , occupying most of northern North America . Extending from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean and northward into the Arctic Ocean , Canada shares land borders with the United States to the south and to the northwest . Inhabited first by Aboriginal peoples ,
eos Extending from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean and northward into the Arctic Ocean , Canada shares land borders with the United States to the south and to the northwest . Inhabited first by Aboriginal peoples , Canada was founded as a union of British and former French colonies .
eos Inhabited first by Aboriginal peoples , Canada was founded as a union of British and former French colonies . Canada gained independence from the United Kingdom in an incremental process that began in 1867 and ended in 1982 .
eos Canada gained independence from the United Kingdom in an incremental process that began in 1867 and ended in 1982 . Canada is a federal constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy . Comprising ten provinces and three territories ,
eos Canada is a federal constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy . Comprising ten provinces and three territories , Canada is a bilingual and multicultural nation , with both English and French as official languages at the federal level . A technologically advanced and industrialized nation ,
eos Canada is a federal constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy . Comprising ten provinces and three territories , Canada is a bilingual and multicultural nation , with both English and French as official languages at the federal level . A technologically advanced and industrialized nation , Canada maintains a diversified economy heavily reliant on trade - particularly with the United States , with which
eos 
eos "" IPA : ` kabuveɾdɨ "" / ) is a republic located on an archipelago in the Macaronesia ecoregion of the North Atlantic Ocean , off the western coast of Africa . The previously uninhabited islands were discovered and colonized by the Portuguese in the 15th century .
eos 
eos "" IPA : / ʀepyblik sɑ̃tʀafʀikɛn / "" or Centrafrique "" IPA : / sɑ̃tʀafʀik / "" ) is a landlocked country in central Africa .
eos / sɑ̃tʀafʀik / "" ) is a landlocked country in central Africa . Central_African_Republic borders Chad in the north , Sudan on the east , the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the south , and Cameroon on the west . Most of
eos Central_African_Republic borders Chad in the north , Sudan on the east , the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the south , and Cameroon on the west . Most of Central_African_Republic consists of Sudano - Guinean savannas but
eos Most of Central_African_Republic consists of Sudano - Guinean savannas but Central_African_Republic also includes a Sahelo - Sudanese zone in the north and an Equatorial forest zone in the south . Two thirds of
eos Since most of the territory is located in the Ubangi and Shari river basins , the French called the colony it carved out in this region Ubangi - Shari , or Oubangui - Chari in French . This French colony of Ubangi - Shari became a semi - autonomous territory of the French Community in 1958 and then an independent nation on 13 august 1960 . For over three decades since independence
eos For over three decades since independence Central_African_Republic was ruled by presidents who were not chosen in truly democratic elections or who took power by force . Local discontent was eventually reinforced by international pressure , following the end of the cold war . The first fair democratic elections were held in 1993 with resources provided by
eos They brought Ange - Félix Patassé to power , but President Patassé lost popular support and was overthrown by General François Bozizé in 2003 . General Bozizé won a democratic election in May 2005 and remains in power today .
eos 
eos Chad ( Arabic : تشاد , Tšad ; French : Tchad ) , officially the Republic of Chad , is a landlocked country in central Africa .
eos French : Tchad ) , officially the Republic of Chad , is a landlocked country in central Africa . Chad is listed by Foreign Policy as one of the world 's top 10 failed states .
eos Chad is listed by Foreign Policy as one of the world 's top 10 failed states . Chad borders Libya to the north , Sudan to the east , the Central African Republic to the south , Cameroon and Nigeria to the southwest , and Niger to the west . Due to
eos Chad is listed by Foreign Policy as one of the world 's top 10 failed states . Chad borders Libya to the north , Sudan to the east , the Central African Republic to the south , Cameroon and Nigeria to the southwest , and Niger to the west . Due to Chad distance from the sea and
eos Chad is listed by Foreign Policy as one of the world 's top 10 failed states . Chad borders Libya to the north , Sudan to the east , the Central African Republic to the south , Cameroon and Nigeria to the southwest , and Niger to the west . Due to Chad distance from the sea and Chad largely desert climate ,
eos Chad borders Libya to the north , Sudan to the east , the Central African Republic to the south , Cameroon and Nigeria to the southwest , and Niger to the west . Due to Chad distance from the sea and Chad largely desert climate , Chad is sometimes referred to as the ` ` dead heart of Africa '' . In the north ,
eos Due to Chad distance from the sea and Chad largely desert climate , Chad is sometimes referred to as the ` ` dead heart of Africa '' . In the north , Chad contains the Tibesti Mountains , the largest mountain chain in the Sahara desert .
eos 
eos Christmas_Island is a small , non self - governing Territory of Australia located in the Indian Ocean , 2,360 km ( 1,466 miles ) northwest of Perth in Western Australia and 500 km ( 310 miles ) south of Jakarta , Indonesia .
eos Christmas_Island is a small , non self - governing Territory of Australia located in the Indian Ocean , 2,360 km ( 1,466 miles ) northwest of Perth in Western Australia and 500 km ( 310 miles ) south of Jakarta , Indonesia . Christmas_Island maintains about 1,600 residents who live in a number of towns on the northern tip of the island : Flying Fish Cove ( The Settlement ) , Silver City , Kampong , Poon Saan , and Drumsite .
eos Christmas_Island maintains about 1,600 residents who live in a number of towns on the northern tip of the island : Flying Fish Cove ( The Settlement ) , Silver City , Kampong , Poon Saan , and Drumsite . Christmas_Island has a unique natural topography and Christmas_Island is of immense interest to scientists and naturalists due to the number of species of endemic flora and fauna which have evolved in isolation and undisturbed by human habitation . While there has been mining activity on
eos Christmas_Island maintains about 1,600 residents who live in a number of towns on the northern tip of the island : Flying Fish Cove ( The Settlement ) , Silver City , Kampong , Poon Saan , and Drumsite . Christmas_Island has a unique natural topography and Christmas_Island is of immense interest to scientists and naturalists due to the number of species of endemic flora and fauna which have evolved in isolation and undisturbed by human habitation . While there has been mining activity on Christmas_Island for many years , 65 percent of
eos 
eos Cocos_Keeling_Islands , also called Cocos Islands and Keeling Islands , is a territory of Australia . There are two atolls with 27 coral islands in the group .
eos 
eos Colombia , or formally , the Republic of Colombia ( Spanish : República de Colombia , IPA "" IPA : "" re ` puβ̞lika ð̞e ko ` lombja "" "" ) , is the northwesternmost country of South America .
eos ( Spanish : República de Colombia , IPA "" IPA : "" re ` puβ̞lika ð̞e ko ` lombja "" "" ) , is the northwesternmost country of South America . Colombia is bordered to the east by Venezuela and Brazil , to the south by Ecuador and Peru , to the North by the Atlantic Ocean , through the Caribbean Sea , and to the west by Panama and the Pacific Ocean .
eos Colombia is bordered to the east by Venezuela and Brazil , to the south by Ecuador and Peru , to the North by the Atlantic Ocean , through the Caribbean Sea , and to the west by Panama and the Pacific Ocean . Colombia is a large and physically diverse nation .
eos Colombia is a large and physically diverse nation . Colombia is the fourth - largest country in South America ( after Brazil , Argentina , and Peru ) , with an area seven times greater than that of New England and more than twice that of France .
eos Colombia is the fourth - largest country in South America ( after Brazil , Argentina , and Peru ) , with an area seven times greater than that of New England and more than twice that of France . Colombia vast territory is one of great physical contrasts , ranging from the towering , snowcapped peaks of the Andes to the hot , humid plains of the Amazon River Basin . Not only is
eos Colombia is the fourth - largest country in South America ( after Brazil , Argentina , and Peru ) , with an area seven times greater than that of New England and more than twice that of France . Colombia vast territory is one of great physical contrasts , ranging from the towering , snowcapped peaks of the Andes to the hot , humid plains of the Amazon River Basin . Not only is Colombia large in area , but
eos Colombia vast territory is one of great physical contrasts , ranging from the towering , snowcapped peaks of the Andes to the hot , humid plains of the Amazon River Basin . Not only is Colombia large in area , but Colombia also has a large population , containing more people than any other South American country except Brazil .
eos Not only is Colombia large in area , but Colombia also has a large population , containing more people than any other South American country except Brazil . Colombia population is not evenly distributed . Most of the people live in the mountainous western third of Colombia , where Bogotá , the capital , and most of
eos Not only is Colombia large in area , but Colombia also has a large population , containing more people than any other South American country except Brazil . Colombia population is not evenly distributed . Most of the people live in the mountainous western third of
eos Most of the people live in the mountainous western third of Colombia , where Bogotá , the capital , and most of Colombia other large cities are located . Because this western region has a pleasant climate and rich soil , it is also where most agricultural activity takes place .
eos 
eos Comoros ( IPA : "" IPA : "" kəˡmɔːɹəʊz "" "" ) , officially the Union of the Comoros ( "" French : Union des Comores "" , "" IPA : "" ynjɔ̃ de kɔmɔʀ "" "" ; "" Arabic : اتحاد القمر "" , "" IPA : "" ʔitːiˡħæːd ælˈqɒmær "" "" , and until 2002 the Islamic Federal Republic of the Comoros ) , is a country in the Indian Ocean , situated at the northern end of the Mozambique Channel between northern Madagascar and northern Mozambique .
eos "" IPA : "" kəˡmɔːɹəʊz "" "" ) , officially the Union of the Comoros ( "" French : Union des Comores "" , "" IPA : "" ynjɔ̃ de kɔmɔʀ "" "" ; "" Arabic : اتحاد القمر "" , "" IPA : "" ʔitːiˡħæːd ælˈqɒmær "" "" , and until 2002 the Islamic Federal Republic of the Comoros ) , is a country in the Indian Ocean , situated at the northern end of the Mozambique Channel between northern Madagascar and northern Mozambique . Comoros consists of three of the four main islands in the volcanic Comoros archipelago : Grande Comore , Mohéli and Anjouan . The fourth island in the island group , Mayotte , is not part of
eos Comoros consists of three of the four main islands in the volcanic Comoros archipelago : Grande Comore , Mohéli and Anjouan . The fourth island in the island group , Mayotte , is not part of Comoros . Mayotte has voted against independence from France , but is claimed by
eos The fourth island in the island group , Mayotte , is not part of Comoros . Mayotte has voted against independence from France , but is claimed by Comoros .
eos Mayotte has voted against independence from France , but is claimed by Comoros . Comoros territory also encompasses many smaller islands .
eos Mayotte has voted against independence from France , but is claimed by Comoros . Comoros territory also encompasses many smaller islands . Comoros name derives from the Arabic word "" Arabic - Latin transliteration : qamar "" ( ` ` moon '' ) , as seen depicted on
eos 
eos Cook_Islands ( Cook Islands Māori : Kūki ` Āirani ) are a self - governing parliamentary democracy in free association with New Zealand . The 15 small islands in
eos The 15 small islands in Cook_Islands have a total land area of 240 square kilometres ( 92.7 sq . mi ) . Tourism is
eos mi ) . Tourism is Cook_Islands number one industry , the leading element of the economy , far ahead of offshore banking , pearls , marine and fruit exports . A popular art form on
eos Tourism is Cook_Islands number one industry , the leading element of the economy , far ahead of offshore banking , pearls , marine and fruit exports . A popular art form on Cook_Islands is tivaivai , often likened to quilting . Defence is the responsibility of New Zealand , in consultation with
eos Tourism is Cook_Islands number one industry , the leading element of the economy , far ahead of offshore banking , pearls , marine and fruit exports . A popular art form on Cook_Islands is tivaivai , often likened to quilting . Defence is the responsibility of New Zealand , in consultation with Cook_Islands and at
eos A popular art form on Cook_Islands is tivaivai , often likened to quilting . Defence is the responsibility of New Zealand , in consultation with Cook_Islands and at Cook_Islands request . In recent times ,
eos 
eos ( Spanish : Costa Rica or República de Costa Rica , IPA : "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðe ` kosta ` rika "" "" ) , is a country in Central America , bordered by Nicaragua to the north , Panama to the south - southeast , the Pacific Ocean to the west and south , and the Caribbean Sea to the east .
eos ( Spanish : Costa Rica or República de Costa Rica , IPA : "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðe ` kosta ` rika "" "" ) , is a country in Central America , bordered by Nicaragua to the north , Panama to the south - southeast , the Pacific Ocean to the west and south , and the Caribbean Sea to the east . Costa_Rica was the first country in the world to constitutionally abolish
eos 
eos Croatia ( Croatian : Hrvatska listen ) , officially the Republic of Croatia ( Republika Hrvatska ) , is a country in Europe at the crossroads of the Mediterranean , Central Europe and the Balkans .
eos Hrvatska listen ) , officially the Republic of Croatia ( Republika Hrvatska ) , is a country in Europe at the crossroads of the Mediterranean , Central Europe and the Balkans . Croatia capital is Zagreb .
eos Croatia capital is Zagreb . Croatia shares land borders with Slovenia and Hungary to the north , Serbia to the east , Bosnia and Herzegovina and Montenegro to the south , as well as a sea border with Italy to the west .
eos 
eos ( Spanish : Cuba or República de Cuba , IPA : "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðe ˈkuβa "" "" ) , consists of the island of Cuba ( the largest of the Greater Antilles ) , the Isle of Youth and adjacent small islands .
eos "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðe ˈkuβa "" "" ) , consists of the island of Cuba ( the largest of the Greater Antilles ) , the Isle of Youth and adjacent small islands . Cuba is located in the northern Caribbean at the confluence of the Caribbean Sea , the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean .
eos Cuba is south of the eastern United States and the Bahamas , west of the Turks and Caicos Islands and Haiti and east of Mexico . The Cayman Islands and Jamaica are to the south .
eos The Cayman Islands and Jamaica are to the south . Cuba is the most populous country in the Caribbean .
eos The Cayman Islands and Jamaica are to the south . Cuba is the most populous country in the Caribbean . Cuba culture and customs draw from several sources including the period of Spanish colonialism , the introduction of African slaves , and to a lesser extent ,
eos Cuba is the most populous country in the Caribbean . Cuba culture and customs draw from several sources including the period of Spanish colonialism , the introduction of African slaves , and to a lesser extent , Cuba proximity to the United States .
eos Cuba is the most populous country in the Caribbean . Cuba culture and customs draw from several sources including the period of Spanish colonialism , the introduction of African slaves , and to a lesser extent , Cuba proximity to the United States . Cuba has a tropical climate that is moderated by the surrounding waters ; the warm currents of the Caribbean Sea and
eos Cuba is the most populous country in the Caribbean . Cuba culture and customs draw from several sources including the period of Spanish colonialism , the introduction of African slaves , and to a lesser extent , Cuba proximity to the United States . Cuba has a tropical climate that is moderated by the surrounding waters ; the warm currents of the Caribbean Sea and Cuba location between water bodies also make
eos 
eos Czech_Republic ( "" Czech : Česká republika "" ) is a landlocked country in Central Europe and a member state of the European Union .
eos ( "" Czech : Česká republika "" ) is a landlocked country in Central Europe and a member state of the European Union . Czech_Republic has borders with Poland to the north , Germany to the northwest and west , Austria to the south , and Slovakia to the east . The historic city of Prague ( "" Czech : Praha "" ) , a major tourist attraction , is
eos The historic city of Prague ( "" Czech : Praha "" ) , a major tourist attraction , is Czech_Republic capital and largest city . Other major cities include Brno , Ostrava , Zlín , Plzeň , Pardubice , Hradec Králové , České Budějovice , Liberec , Olomouc , and Ústí nad Labem .
eos 
eos Djibouti ( "" Arabic : جيبوتي "" , Ǧībūtī , pronounced jo - BOO - tee ) , officially the Republic of Djibouti , is a small country in eastern Africa , located in the Horn of Africa .
eos Djibouti is bordered by Eritrea in the north , Ethiopia in the west and south , and Somalia in the southeast . The remainder of the border is formed by the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden . On the other side of the Red Sea , on the Arabian Peninsula , 20 kilometers ( 12 mi ) from the coast of
eos 
eos Dominica is an island nation in the Caribbean Sea .
eos The name is pronounced IPA : "" IPA : / ˌdɒmɪnikə / "" dom - i - NEE ' - ka ( key ) . In Latin the name means ` ` Sunday '' , which was the day of
eos In Latin the name means ` ` Sunday '' , which was the day of Dominica discovery by Columbus . The official name is Commonwealth of Dominica .
eos The official name is Commonwealth of Dominica . Dominica pre - Columbian name was Wai ` tu kubuli , which means ` ` her body is tall . '' The indigenous Kalinago people of
eos Dominica pre - Columbian name was Wai ` tu kubuli , which means ` ` her body is tall . '' The indigenous Kalinago people of Dominica , somewhat erroneously called ` Caribs ' , have a territory which resembles the Indian reserves of Canada . Because
eos Dominica pre - Columbian name was Wai ` tu kubuli , which means ` ` her body is tall . '' The indigenous Kalinago people of Dominica , somewhat erroneously called ` Caribs ' , have a territory which resembles the Indian reserves of Canada . Because Dominica went through a period of French occupation , and Dominica lies between two overseas départements ( Département d'outre - mer ) of France : Guadeloupe to the north and Martinique to the south ;
eos The indigenous Kalinago people of Dominica , somewhat erroneously called ` Caribs ' , have a territory which resembles the Indian reserves of Canada . Because Dominica went through a period of French occupation , and Dominica lies between two overseas départements ( Département d'outre - mer ) of France : Guadeloupe to the north and Martinique to the south ; Dominica is sometimes called ` ` French Dominica '' . Dominica also has the nickname ` ` The Nature Isle of the Caribbean '' due to
eos The indigenous Kalinago people of Dominica , somewhat erroneously called ` Caribs ' , have a territory which resembles the Indian reserves of Canada . Because Dominica went through a period of French occupation , and Dominica lies between two overseas départements ( Département d'outre - mer ) of France : Guadeloupe to the north and Martinique to the south ; Dominica is sometimes called ` ` French Dominica '' .
eos Because Dominica went through a period of French occupation , and Dominica lies between two overseas départements ( Département d'outre - mer ) of France : Guadeloupe to the north and Martinique to the south ; Dominica is sometimes called ` ` French Dominica '' . Dominica also has the nickname ` ` The Nature Isle of the Caribbean '' due to Dominica seemingly unspoiled natural beauty .
eos Because Dominica went through a period of French occupation , and Dominica lies between two overseas départements ( Département d'outre - mer ) of France : Guadeloupe to the north and Martinique to the south ; Dominica is sometimes called ` ` French Dominica '' . Dominica also has the nickname ` ` The Nature Isle of the Caribbean '' due to Dominica seemingly unspoiled natural beauty . Dominica is one of the youngest islands in the Lesser Antilles , and
eos Dominica also has the nickname ` ` The Nature Isle of the Caribbean '' due to Dominica seemingly unspoiled natural beauty . Dominica is one of the youngest islands in the Lesser Antilles , and Dominica is still being formed by geothermal - volcanic activity .
eos There are xeric areas in some of the western coastal regions but heavy rainfall can be expected inland . The Sisserou parrot is featured on the Dominica flag .
eos 
eos Hispaniola is the second - largest of the Greater Antilles islands , and lies west of Puerto Rico and east of Cuba and Jamaica . A legacy of unsettled , mostly non - representative rule lasted for much of the 20th century ; the move towards representative democracy has improved vastly since the death of military dictator Rafael Leónidas Trujillo in 1961 . Dominicans sometimes refer to
eos A legacy of unsettled , mostly non - representative rule lasted for much of the 20th century ; the move towards representative democracy has improved vastly since the death of military dictator Rafael Leónidas Trujillo in 1961 . Dominicans sometimes refer to Dominican_Republic as Quisqueya , a name for Hispaniola used by indigenous Taíno people .
eos 
eos East_Timor , officially the Democratic Republic of Timor - Leste , is a country in Southeast Asia comprising the eastern half of the island of Timor , the nearby islands of Atauro and Jaco , and Oecussi - Ambeno , an exclave on the northwestern side of the island , within Indonesian West Timor .
eos Lorosa'e ( the word for ` east ' in Tetum ) literally means ` rising sun ' .
eos ( the word for ` east ' in Tetum ) literally means ` rising sun ' . East_Timor has the lowest per capita GDP ( Purchasing Power Parity adjusted ) in the world , of only $ 400 ( which corresponds to the 192nd position ) . However , on
eos ( the word for ` east ' in Tetum ) literally means ` rising sun ' . East_Timor has the lowest per capita GDP ( Purchasing Power Parity adjusted ) in the world , of only $ 400 ( which corresponds to the 192nd position ) . However , on East_Timor Human Development Index , or HDI ,
eos East_Timor has the lowest per capita GDP ( Purchasing Power Parity adjusted ) in the world , of only $ 400 ( which corresponds to the 192nd position ) . However , on East_Timor Human Development Index , or HDI , East_Timor is in 142nd place among the world 's nations , which corresponds to medium human development . Colonized by Portugal in the 16th century ,
eos However , on East_Timor Human Development Index , or HDI , East_Timor is in 142nd place among the world 's nations , which corresponds to medium human development . Colonized by Portugal in the 16th century , East_Timor was known as Portuguese Timor for centuries .
eos However , on East_Timor Human Development Index , or HDI , East_Timor is in 142nd place among the world 's nations , which corresponds to medium human development . Colonized by Portugal in the 16th century , East_Timor was known as Portuguese Timor for centuries . East_Timor was invaded by Indonesia in 1975 , which occupied
eos Colonized by Portugal in the 16th century , East_Timor was known as Portuguese Timor for centuries . East_Timor was invaded by Indonesia in 1975 , which occupied East_Timor until 1999 . Following the UN - sponsored act of self - determination that year , Indonesia relinquished control of East_Timor ,
eos Colonized by Portugal in the 16th century , East_Timor was known as Portuguese Timor for centuries . East_Timor was invaded by Indonesia in 1975 , which occupied East_Timor until 1999 . Following the UN - sponsored act of self - determination that year , Indonesia relinquished control of
eos East_Timor was invaded by Indonesia in 1975 , which occupied East_Timor until 1999 . Following the UN - sponsored act of self - determination that year , Indonesia relinquished control of East_Timor , East_Timor achieved full independence on May 20 , 2002 , becoming the first new country of the 21st century . With the Philippines ,
eos 
eos Ecuador , IPA "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðel ekwa ` ðoɾ "" "" ) is a representative democratic republic in South America , bounded by Colombia on the north , by Peru on the east and south , and by the Pacific Ocean on the west .
eos Ecuador also includes the Galápagos Islands ( Archipiélago de Colón ) in the Pacific , about 965 kilometers ( 600 miles ) west of the mainland . Ecuador is the Spanish word for equator .
eos Ecuador is the Spanish word for equator . Ecuador straddles the equator and Ecuador has an area of 256,370 square kilometers ( 98,985 mi ² ) .
eos 
eos ( Egyptian : Kmt , Coptic : Ⲭⲏⲙⲓ Kīmi , Arabic : مصر Miṣr ; Egyptian Arabic : Máṣr ) , officially the Arab Republic of Egypt , is a country in North Africa
eos Ⲭⲏⲙⲓ Kīmi , Arabic : مصر Miṣr ; Egyptian Arabic : Máṣr ) , officially the Arab Republic of Egypt , is a country in North Africa Egypt includes the Sinai Peninsula , a land bridge to Asia . Covering an area of about 1,001,450 square kilometers ( 386,560 square miles ) ,
eos Covering an area of about 1,001,450 square kilometers ( 386,560 square miles ) , Egypt borders Libya to the west , Sudan to the south , and Israel and the Gaza Strip to the northeast ; on the north and the east are the Mediterranean Sea and the Red Sea , respectively .
eos , Egypt borders Libya to the west , Sudan to the south , and Israel and the Gaza Strip to the northeast ; on the north and the east are the Mediterranean Sea and the Red Sea , respectively . Egypt is the fifteenth most populous country in the world . The vast majority of
eos The vast majority of Egypt 78.8 million population ( 2006 ) live near the banks of the Nile River ( about 40,000 km ² or 15,450 sq miles ) where the only arable agricultural land is found . Large areas of land form part of the Sahara Desert and are sparsely inhabited . Around half of
eos Large areas of land form part of the Sahara Desert and are sparsely inhabited . Around half of Egypt residents live in urban areas , with the majority spread across the densely populated centres of greater Cairo ( the largest city in Africa and the Middle East ) , Alexandria and other major towns in the Nile Delta .
eos Large areas of land form part of the Sahara Desert and are sparsely inhabited . Around half of Egypt residents live in urban areas , with the majority spread across the densely populated centres of greater Cairo ( the largest city in Africa and the Middle East ) , Alexandria and other major towns in the Nile Delta . Egypt is famous for
eos Around half of Egypt residents live in urban areas , with the majority spread across the densely populated centres of greater Cairo ( the largest city in Africa and the Middle East ) , Alexandria and other major towns in the Nile Delta . Egypt is famous for Egypt ancient civilization and some of the world 's most ancient and important monuments , including the Giza Pyramids and the Great Sphinx of Giza ; the southern city of Luxor contains a particularly large number of ancient artifacts such as the Karnak Temple and the Valley of the Kings . Today ,
eos 
eos El_Salvador is a country in Central America with a population of approximately 6.9 million people .
eos El_Salvador is a country in Central America with a population of approximately 6.9 million people . El_Salvador is bordered to the west by Guatemala , to the north and east by Honduras , and to the south by the Pacific Ocean .
eos El_Salvador is a country in Central America with a population of approximately 6.9 million people . El_Salvador is bordered to the west by Guatemala , to the north and east by Honduras , and to the south by the Pacific Ocean . El_Salvador is the most densely populated nation on the American mainland ( especially in
eos El_Salvador is bordered to the west by Guatemala , to the north and east by Honduras , and to the south by the Pacific Ocean . El_Salvador is the most densely populated nation on the American mainland ( especially in El_Salvador capital , San Salvador ) , and also the most industrialized country in Central America .
eos ( Spanish : República de El Salvador , IPA : "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðe el salβa ` ðor "" "" ) .
eos ( Spanish : República de El Salvador , IPA : "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðe el salβa ` ðor "" "" ) . El_Salvador was named after the Spanish word for ` ` The Saviour '' , in honor of Jesus Christ , and
eos 
eos Eritrea ( Ge'ez ኤርትራ ʾĒrtrā ) is a country in northern East Africa
eos neighbours Ethiopia . The name is derived from the Latin word for Red Sea , Mare Erythraeum , itself derived from the Greek word meaning ` ` red '' ( ερυθρός , erythros ) .
eos The name is derived from the Latin word for Red Sea , Mare Erythraeum , itself derived from the Greek word meaning ` ` red '' ( ερυθρός , erythros ) . Eritrea is bordered by Sudan in the west , Ethiopia in the south , and Djibouti in the southeast . The east and northeast of
eos The east and northeast of Eritrea have an extensive coastline on the Red Sea , directly across from Saudi Arabia and Yemen . The Dahlak Archipelago and several of the Hanish Islands are part of Eritrea .
eos The Dahlak Archipelago and several of the Hanish Islands are part of Eritrea . Eritrea was consolidated into a colony by the Italian government on january 1 , 1890 .
eos The Dahlak Archipelago and several of the Hanish Islands are part of Eritrea . Eritrea was consolidated into a colony by the Italian government on january 1 , 1890 . Eritrea gained
eos Eritrea was consolidated into a colony by the Italian government on january 1 , 1890 . Eritrea gained Eritrea independence from Ethiopia following a thirty year war which lasted from 1961 to 1991 .
eos Eritrea was consolidated into a colony by the Italian government on january 1 , 1890 . Eritrea gained Eritrea independence from Ethiopia following a thirty year war which lasted from 1961 to 1991 . Eritrea is officially a parliamentary democracy consisting of six regions , but
eos Eritrea gained Eritrea independence from Ethiopia following a thirty year war which lasted from 1961 to 1991 . Eritrea is officially a parliamentary democracy consisting of six regions , but Eritrea currently functions as a single - party state .
eos Eritrea is officially a parliamentary democracy consisting of six regions , but Eritrea currently functions as a single - party state . Eritrea is a multilingual and multicultural country with two dominant religions and nine nationalities , each speaking a different language .
eos Eritrea is officially a parliamentary democracy consisting of six regions , but Eritrea currently functions as a single - party state . Eritrea is a multilingual and multicultural country with two dominant religions and nine nationalities , each speaking a different language . Eritrea has no official language , but
eos 
eos Estonia , officially the Republic of Estonia ( Estonian : Eesti or Eesti Vabariik ) , is a country in Northern Europe .
eos ( Estonian : Eesti or Eesti Vabariik ) , is a country in Northern Europe . Estonia has land borders to the south with fellow Baltic state Latvia ( 339 km ) and Russia ( 229 km ) to the east .
eos Estonia has land borders to the south with fellow Baltic state Latvia ( 339 km ) and Russia ( 229 km ) to the east . Estonia is separated from Finland in the north by the narrow Gulf of Finland and from Sweden in the west by the Baltic Sea .
eos 
eos Ethiopia ( Ge'ez : ኢትዮጵያ ʾĪtyōṗṗyā ) , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia , is a country situated in the Horn of Africa .
eos Ethiopia ( Ge'ez : ኢትዮጵያ ʾĪtyōṗṗyā ) , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia , is a country situated in the Horn of Africa . Ethiopia is the second - most populous nation in Africa , bordered by Eritrea to the north , Djibouti to the northeast , Somalia to the southeast , Kenya to the south , and Sudan to the west .
eos Ethiopia is the second - most populous nation in Africa , bordered by Eritrea to the north , Djibouti to the northeast , Somalia to the southeast , Kenya to the south , and Sudan to the west . Ethiopia is the oldest independent country in Africa and one of the oldest in the world . Recently being regarded as ` ` the cradle of civilization '' ,
eos Ethiopia is the oldest independent country in Africa and one of the oldest in the world . Recently being regarded as ` ` the cradle of civilization '' , Ethiopia is also the second - oldest official Christian nation in the world after Armenia .
eos Recently being regarded as ` ` the cradle of civilization '' , Ethiopia is also the second - oldest official Christian nation in the world after Armenia . Ethiopia has long been an intersection between the civilizations of North Africa , the Middle East and the rest of Africa . Unique among African countries ,
eos Recently being regarded as ` ` the cradle of civilization '' , Ethiopia is also the second - oldest official Christian nation in the world after Armenia . Ethiopia has long been an intersection between the civilizations of North Africa , the Middle East and the rest of Africa . Unique among African countries , Ethiopia was never colonised , maintaining
eos Ethiopia has long been an intersection between the civilizations of North Africa , the Middle East and the rest of Africa . Unique among African countries , Ethiopia was never colonised , maintaining Ethiopia independence throughout the Scramble for Africa . In addition ,
eos Ethiopia has long been an intersection between the civilizations of North Africa , the Middle East and the rest of Africa . Unique among African countries , Ethiopia was never colonised , maintaining Ethiopia independence throughout the Scramble for Africa . In addition , Ethiopia has long been a member of international organisations :
eos Unique among African countries , Ethiopia was never colonised , maintaining Ethiopia independence throughout the Scramble for Africa . In addition , Ethiopia has long been a member of international organisations : Ethiopia became a member of the League of Nations , Ethiopia signed the Declaration by United Nations in 1942 , Ethiopia founded the UN headquarters in Africa , Ethiopia was one of the fifty - one original members of the United Nations , and Ethiopia is the headquarters for and the main founder of the former Organisation of African Unity and current African Union .
eos In addition , Ethiopia has long been a member of international organisations : Ethiopia became a member of the League of Nations , Ethiopia signed the Declaration by United Nations in 1942 , Ethiopia founded the UN headquarters in Africa , Ethiopia was one of the fifty - one original members of the United Nations , and Ethiopia is the headquarters for and the main founder of the former Organisation of African Unity and current African Union . Ethiopia was also historically called Abyssinia , derived from the Arabic form of the Ethiosemitic name ` ` ḤBŚT , '' modern Habesha . In some countries ,
eos 
eos Falkland_Islands , also called The Malvinas , are an archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean , located 300 miles ( 483 kilometres ) from the coast of South America , 671 miles ( 1080 km ) west of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands ( Shag Rocks ) , and 584 miles ( 940 km ) north of Antarctica ( Elephant Island ) .
eos Falkland_Islands consist of two main islands , East Falkland and West Falkland , together with about 700 smaller islands . Stanley , on East Falkland , is the capital and largest city .
eos Stanley , on East Falkland , is the capital and largest city . Falkland_Islands are a self - governing Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom , but Falkland_Islands have been the subject of a claim to sovereignty by Argentina since the early years of Argentina 's independence from Spain . In 1982
eos In 1982 Falkland_Islands were invaded by Argentina , precipitating the two - month - long undeclared Falklands War between Argentina and the United Kingdom , which resulted in the defeat and withdrawal of Argentine forces . Since the war there has been strong economic growth in both fisheries and tourism . The inhabitants of
eos 
eos ( Faroese : Føroyar , meaning ` ` Sheep Islands '' , Danish : Færøerne ) are a group of islands in Northern Europe , between the Norwegian Sea and the North Atlantic Ocean , about one - half of the way from Iceland to Norway .
eos ( Faroese : Føroyar , meaning ` ` Sheep Islands '' , Danish : Færøerne ) are a group of islands in Northern Europe , between the Norwegian Sea and the North Atlantic Ocean , about one - half of the way from Iceland to Norway . Faroe_Islands have been an autonomous region of the Kingdom of Denmark since 1948 and Faroe_Islands have , over the years , taken control of most matters , except defence (
eos Føroyar , meaning ` ` Sheep Islands '' , Danish : Færøerne ) are a group of islands in Northern Europe , between the Norwegian Sea and the North Atlantic Ocean , about one - half of the way from Iceland to Norway . Faroe_Islands have been an autonomous region of the Kingdom of Denmark since 1948 and Faroe_Islands have , over the years , taken control of most matters , except defence ( Faroe_Islands have a small organized native military in Mjørkadalur , including a small Police force and Coast Guard ) and foreign affairs which is the responsibility of Denmark .
eos Faroe_Islands have close traditional ties to Iceland , Shetland , Orkney , the Outer Hebrides and Greenland . The archipelago was detached from Norway in 1814 .
eos 
eos ( Fijian : Viti "" ; Hindustānī : फ़िजी فِجی ) , officially the Republic of the Fiji Islands , is an island nation in the South Pacific Ocean , east of Vanuatu , west of Tonga and south of Tuvalu .
eos 
eos France ( French : "" IPA : fʁɑ̃s "" ) , officially the French Republic ( "" French : République française "" , "" IPA : ʁepyblik fʁɑ̃sɛz "" ) , is a country
eos France ( French : "" IPA : fʁɑ̃s "" ) , officially the French Republic ( "" French : République française "" , "" IPA : ʁepyblik fʁɑ̃sɛz "" ) , is a country France metropolitan territory is located in Western Europe and
eos Metropolitan France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . French people often refer to Metropolitan France as L'Hexagone ( The ` ` Hexagon '' ) because of the geometric shape of its territory .
eos French people often refer to Metropolitan France as L'Hexagone ( The ` ` Hexagon '' ) because of the geometric shape of its territory . France is bordered by Belgium , Luxembourg , Germany , Switzerland , Italy , Monaco , Andorra , and Spain . In some of
eos French people often refer to Metropolitan France as L'Hexagone ( The ` ` Hexagon '' ) because of the geometric shape of its territory . France is bordered by Belgium , Luxembourg , Germany , Switzerland , Italy , Monaco , Andorra , and Spain . In some of France overseas departments ,
eos France is bordered by Belgium , Luxembourg , Germany , Switzerland , Italy , Monaco , Andorra , and Spain . In some of France overseas departments , France also shares land borders with Brazil , Suriname , and the Netherlands Antilles .
eos In some of France overseas departments , France also shares land borders with Brazil , Suriname , and the Netherlands Antilles . France is also linked to the United Kingdom via the Channel Tunnel , which passes underneath the English Channel ( La Manche in French ) .
eos In some of France overseas departments , France also shares land borders with Brazil , Suriname , and the Netherlands Antilles . France is also linked to the United Kingdom via the Channel Tunnel , which passes underneath the English Channel ( La Manche in French ) . France is a democracy
eos France is also linked to the United Kingdom via the Channel Tunnel , which passes underneath the English Channel ( La Manche in French ) . France is a democracy France is organised as a unitary semi - presidential republic .
eos France is a democracy France is organised as a unitary semi - presidential republic . France is a developed country with the sixth - largest economy in the world .
eos France is a developed country with the sixth - largest economy in the world . France main ideals are expressed in the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen .
eos France main ideals are expressed in the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen . France is one of the founding members of the European Union , and France has the largest land area of all members .
eos France is one of the founding members of the European Union , and France has the largest land area of all members . France is also a founding member of the United Nations , and a member of La Francophonie , the G8 , and the Latin Union .
eos France is one of the founding members of the European Union , and France has the largest land area of all members . France is also a founding member of the United Nations , and a member of La Francophonie , the G8 , and the Latin Union . France is one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council wielding veto power , and
eos France is also a founding member of the United Nations , and a member of La Francophonie , the G8 , and the Latin Union . France is one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council wielding veto power , and France is also one of eight acknowledged nuclear powers .
eos 
eos ( French : Guyane française , officially Guyane ) is an overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , or DOM ) of France , located on the northern coast of South America . Like the other DOMs ,
eos Guyane française , officially Guyane ) is an overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , or DOM ) of France , located on the northern coast of South America . Like the other DOMs , French_Guiana is also a région ( région d'outre - mer ) of France . As a part of France ,
eos Guyane française , officially Guyane ) is an overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , or DOM ) of France , located on the northern coast of South America . Like the other DOMs , French_Guiana is also a région ( région d'outre - mer ) of France . As a part of France , French_Guiana is in the European Union , and
eos Like the other DOMs , French_Guiana is also a région ( région d'outre - mer ) of France . As a part of France , French_Guiana is in the European Union , and French_Guiana currency is the euro .
eos French_Guiana is the smallest political entity on the South American mainland ( Suriname is the smallest independent South American country ) .
eos 
eos Tahitian : Pōrīnetia Farāni ) is a French ` ` overseas collectivity '' ( French : collectivité d'outre - mer , or COM ) with the particular designation of ` ` overseas country '' ( French : pays d'outre - mer , or POM ) in the southern Pacific Ocean .
eos French : collectivité d'outre - mer , or COM ) with the particular designation of ` ` overseas country '' ( French : pays d'outre - mer , or POM ) in the southern Pacific Ocean . French_Polynesia is made up of several groups of Polynesian islands , the most famous island being Tahiti in the Society Islands group , which is also the most populous island , and the seat of the capital of the territory ( Papeete ) . Although not an integral part of
eos French : collectivité d'outre - mer , or COM ) with the particular designation of ` ` overseas country '' ( French : pays d'outre - mer , or POM ) in the southern Pacific Ocean . French_Polynesia is made up of several groups of Polynesian islands , the most famous island being Tahiti in the Society Islands group , which is also the most populous island , and the seat of the capital of the territory ( Papeete ) . Although not an integral part of French_Polynesia territory , Clipperton Island is administered from
eos 
eos Gabon , officially the Gabonese Republic , is a country in west central Africa .
eos Gabon , officially the Gabonese Republic , is a country in west central Africa . Gabon borders on Equatorial Guinea , Cameroon , Republic of the Congo and the Gulf of Guinea . Since
eos Gabon , officially the Gabonese Republic , is a country in west central Africa . Gabon borders on Equatorial Guinea , Cameroon , Republic of the Congo and the Gulf of Guinea . Since Gabon independence from France on august 17 , 1960 ,
eos Since Gabon independence from France on august 17 , 1960 , Gabon has been ruled by only two autocratic Presidents ; the incumbent El Hadj Omar Bongo has been in power since 1967 and is currently ( 2006 ) Africa 's longest - serving Head of State .
eos Africa 's longest - serving Head of State . Gabon introduced a multiparty system and a new democratic constitution in the early 1990s that allowed for a more transparent electoral process and for reforms of governmental institutions . A small population , abundant natural resources , and foreign private investment have helped make
eos 
eos Georgia_country ( "" Georgian : "" "" "" , transliterated as Sakartvelo ) , known officially from 1990 to 1995 as the Republic of Georgia , is a country in Eurasia to the east of the Black Sea , most of
eos Georgia_country ( "" Georgian : "" "" "" , transliterated as Sakartvelo ) , known officially from 1990 to 1995 as the Republic of Georgia , is a country in Eurasia to the east of the Black Sea , most of Georgia_country is located in the South Caucasus , while a portion of the territory lies in the North Caucasus .
eos Georgia_country shares borders with Russia in the north and Turkey , Armenia , and Azerbaijan in the south .
eos Georgia_country is a unitary , emerging liberal democratic nation - state with an ancient historical and cultural heritage . Georgian civilization stretches back for more than three thousand years of history with an exclusive literary and artistic heritage . Culturally , historically , and politically
eos Georgia_country is a unitary , emerging liberal democratic nation - state with an ancient historical and cultural heritage . Georgian civilization stretches back for more than three thousand years of history with an exclusive literary and artistic heritage . Culturally , historically , and politically Georgia_country is considered part of Europe ; however , the official geographic classification of
eos Georgian civilization stretches back for more than three thousand years of history with an exclusive literary and artistic heritage . Culturally , historically , and politically Georgia_country is considered part of Europe ; however , the official geographic classification of Georgia_country varies according to different sources . Sometimes
eos ( Greek : Γεώργιος ) , a Greek name meaning ` ` farmer '' ; Georgia here is indicative of a farmland . Georgians used the Greek and Aramaic alphabets before adopting the Georgian alphabet , reformed by King Pharnavaz I of Iberia , which is not directly related to any other alphabet in the world . In 337 , Christianity was declared the official state religion in the ancient Georgian Kingdom of Iberia , making
eos ( Greek : Γεώργιος ) , a Greek name meaning ` ` farmer '' ; Georgia here is indicative of a farmland . Georgians used the Greek and Aramaic alphabets before adopting the Georgian alphabet , reformed by King Pharnavaz I of Iberia , which is not directly related to any other alphabet in the world . In 337 , Christianity was declared the official state religion in the ancient Georgian Kingdom of Iberia , making Georgia_country the second oldest country after Armenia ( 301 ) to declare Christianity
eos In 337 , Christianity was declared the official state religion in the ancient Georgian Kingdom of Iberia , making Georgia_country the second oldest country after Armenia ( 301 ) to declare Christianity Georgia_country official state religion . The Bible was translated into Georgian in the 5th century . Geographically ,
eos In 337 , Christianity was declared the official state religion in the ancient Georgian Kingdom of Iberia , making Georgia_country the second oldest country after Armenia ( 301 ) to declare Christianity Georgia_country official state religion . The Bible was translated into Georgian in the 5th century . Geographically , Georgia_country is diverse and
eos The Bible was translated into Georgian in the 5th century . Geographically , Georgia_country is diverse and Georgia_country natural resources are abundant . The mixture of Alpine zone in the Caucasus mountains and the subtropical Black Sea coast of western Georgia attracts many tourists , because
eos Geographically , Georgia_country is diverse and Georgia_country natural resources are abundant . The mixture of Alpine zone in the Caucasus mountains and the subtropical Black Sea coast of western Georgia attracts many tourists , because Georgia_country is considered both an excellent ski resort and an excellent sea resort .
eos Georgia_country has one of the most ancient wine - making traditions in the world . Georgian wine is characterized as naturally semi - sweet and very competitive to French , Spanish and other Western European wines and is well known around the world , especially in Eastern Europe .
eos 
eos Ghana , officially the Republic of Ghana , is a country in West Africa .
eos Burkina Faso to the north , Togo to the east , and the Atlantic Ocean to the south . Accra is the capital and largest city .
eos Accra is the capital and largest city . Ghana population in 2005 was 21,029,853 .
eos Ghana was inhabited in pre - colonial times by a number of ancient kingdoms , including an inland kingdom within The Ashanti and various Fante states along the coast . Trade with European states flourished after contact with the Portuguese in the 15th century , and the British established a crown colony , Gold Coast , in 1874 .
eos Trade with European states flourished after contact with the Portuguese in the 15th century , and the British established a crown colony , Gold Coast , in 1874 . Ghana was the first black African country to obtain independence from colonial rule . Upon achieving independence from the United Kingdom in 1957 , the name Ghana was chosen for the new nation as a reference to
eos 
eos Gibraltar is a UK overseas territory located near the southernmost tip of the Iberian Peninsula , overlooking the Strait of Gibraltar .
eos Gibraltar is a UK overseas territory located near the southernmost tip of the Iberian Peninsula , overlooking the Strait of Gibraltar . Gibraltar shares a land border with Spain to the north .
eos Gibraltar has historically been an important base for the British Armed Forces and Gibraltar is the site of a British naval base . The name of
eos The name of Gibraltar is derived from the original Arabic name Jabal Ţāriq ( جبل طارق ) , meaning ` ` mountain of Tariq '' . It refers to the Berber Umayyad general Tariq ibn - Ziyad , who led the Moorish invasion of Iberia in 711 . Earlier ,
eos It refers to the Berber Umayyad general Tariq ibn - Ziyad , who led the Moorish invasion of Iberia in 711 . Earlier , Gibraltar was known as Mons Calpe , one of the Pillars of Hercules . Today ,
eos Earlier , Gibraltar was known as Mons Calpe , one of the Pillars of Hercules . Today , Gibraltar is known colloquially as ` ` Gib '' or ` ` the Rock '' . The sovereignty of
eos 
eos ( Ελληνική Δημοκρατία "" IPA : "" eliniˈci ðimokraˈtia "" "" ) , is a country in south - eastern Europe , situated on the southern end of the Balkan peninsula .
eos The Aegean Sea lies to the east of mainland Greece while the Ionian Sea lies to the west . Both parts of the eastern Mediterranean basin , feature a vast number of islands .
eos Both parts of the eastern Mediterranean basin , feature a vast number of islands . Greece lies at the juncture of Europe , Asia , and Africa .
eos Greece lies at the juncture of Europe , Asia , and Africa . Greece is heir to the heritages of classical Greece , the Byzantine Empire , and nearly four centuries of Ottoman rule . Regarded as the cradle of western civilization and being the birthplace of democracy , Western philosophy , the Olympic Games , western literature , political science , major scientific principles as well as drama including both tragedy and comedy ,
eos Greece is heir to the heritages of classical Greece , the Byzantine Empire , and nearly four centuries of Ottoman rule . Regarded as the cradle of western civilization and being the birthplace of democracy , Western philosophy , the Olympic Games , western literature , political science , major scientific principles as well as drama including both tragedy and comedy , Greece has a particularly long and eventful history and a cultural heritage considerably influential in Europe , Northern Africa and the Middle East . Today ,
eos Regarded as the cradle of western civilization and being the birthplace of democracy , Western philosophy , the Olympic Games , western literature , political science , major scientific principles as well as drama including both tragedy and comedy , Greece has a particularly long and eventful history and a cultural heritage considerably influential in Europe , Northern Africa and the Middle East . Today , Greece is a developed country , member of the European Union since 1981 and a member of the Eurozone since 2001 . Athens , Thessaloniki , Piraeus and Patra are
eos 
eos ; Danish : Grønland , meaning ` ` Greenland '' ) is a self - governed Danish territory . Though geographically and ethnically an Arctic island nation associated with the continent of North America , politically and historically
eos 
eos Grenada is an island nation in the southeastern Caribbean Sea including the southern Grenadines .
eos Grenada is an island nation in the southeastern Caribbean Sea including the southern Grenadines . Grenada is the second - smallest independent country in the Western Hemisphere ( after Saint Kitts and Nevis ) .
eos 
eos Guadeloupe is an archipelago located in the eastern Caribbean Sea at 16 ° 15 ` N , 61 ° 35 ` W , with a total area of 1,780 square kilometres ( 687 sq . mi ) .
eos mi ) . Guadeloupe is an overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , DOM ) of France . As with the other DOMs ,
eos Guadeloupe is an overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , DOM ) of France . As with the other DOMs , Guadeloupe is also one of the twenty - six régions of France ( being a région d'outre - mer ) and an integral part of the Republic . As part of France ,
eos Guadeloupe is an overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , DOM ) of France . As with the other DOMs , Guadeloupe is also one of the twenty - six régions of France ( being a région d'outre - mer ) and an integral part of the Republic . As part of France , Guadeloupe is part of the European Union ; hence
eos As with the other DOMs , Guadeloupe is also one of the twenty - six régions of France ( being a région d'outre - mer ) and an integral part of the Republic . As part of France , Guadeloupe is part of the European Union ; hence Guadeloupe currency is the euro .
eos 
eos "" Portuguese : República da Guiné - Bissau "" , "" IPA : / ʁɛpuβlikɐdɐginɛbisaw / "" ) , is a country in western Africa , and one of the smallest nations in continental Africa .
eos "" Portuguese : República da Guiné - Bissau "" , "" IPA : / ʁɛpuβlikɐdɐginɛbisaw / "" ) , is a country in western Africa , and one of the smallest nations in continental Africa . Guinea-Bissau is bordered by Senegal to the north , and Guinea to the south and east , with the Atlantic Ocean to
eos , is a country in western Africa , and one of the smallest nations in continental Africa . Guinea-Bissau is bordered by Senegal to the north , and Guinea to the south and east , with the Atlantic Ocean to Guinea-Bissau west . Formerly the Portuguese colony of Portuguese Guinea , upon independence , the name of
eos , is a country in western Africa , and one of the smallest nations in continental Africa . Guinea-Bissau is bordered by Senegal to the north , and Guinea to the south and east , with the Atlantic Ocean to Guinea-Bissau west . Formerly the Portuguese colony of Portuguese Guinea , upon independence , the name of Guinea-Bissau capital , Bissau , was added to
eos , is a country in western Africa , and one of the smallest nations in continental Africa . Guinea-Bissau is bordered by Senegal to the north , and Guinea to the south and east , with the Atlantic Ocean to Guinea-Bissau west . Formerly the Portuguese colony of Portuguese Guinea , upon independence , the name of Guinea-Bissau capital , Bissau , was added to Guinea-Bissau official name in order to prevent confusion between
eos 
eos Guinea , officially the Republic of Guinea ( French : République de Guinée ) , is a nation in West Africa , formerly known as French Guinea .
eos Guinea borders Guinea - Bissau and Senegal on the north , Mali on the north and north - east , the Côte d'Ivoire on the south - east , Liberia on the south , and Sierra Leone on the west .
eos rivers , with a coastline facing the Atlantic Ocean . The name Guinea ( geographically assigned to most of Africa 's west coast , south of the Sahara desert and north of the Gulf of Guinea ) originates from Berber and roughly translates into ` land of the blacks . '
eos rivers , with a coastline facing the Atlantic Ocean . The name Guinea ( geographically assigned to most of Africa 's west coast , south of the Sahara desert and north of the Gulf of Guinea ) originates from Berber and roughly translates into ` land of the blacks . ' Guinea is sometimes called Guinea - Conakry per
eos rivers , with a coastline facing the Atlantic Ocean . The name Guinea ( geographically assigned to most of Africa 's west coast , south of the Sahara desert and north of the Gulf of Guinea ) originates from Berber and roughly translates into ` land of the blacks . ' Guinea is sometimes called Guinea - Conakry per Guinea capital to differentiate
eos 
eos Guyana ( pronounced "" IPA : "" gaɪ ` ana "" "" , occasionally Anglicized as "" IPA : "" gaɪ ` ænə "" "" ) is the only nation state of the Commonwealth of Nations on the mainland of South America .
eos Guyana ( pronounced "" IPA : "" gaɪ ` ana "" "" , occasionally Anglicized as "" IPA : "" gaɪ ` ænə "" "" ) is the only nation state of the Commonwealth of Nations on the mainland of South America . Guyana is north of the Equator but in the tropics and Guyana has an atlantic coast .
eos Guyana is north of the Equator but in the tropics and Guyana has an atlantic coast . Guyana is bordered to the east by Suriname , to the south and southwest by Brazil and to the west by Venezuela .
eos Guyana is bordered to the east by Suriname , to the south and southwest by Brazil and to the west by Venezuela . Guyana is the third smallest country on the mainland of South America and approximately the size of Great Britain .
eos Guyana is the third smallest country on the mainland of South America and approximately the size of Great Britain . Guyana is the only South American country whose official language is English , and Guyana is one of only two remaining countries in the mainland Americas to drive on the left . The official name of
eos The official name of Guyana is the Co - operative Republic of Guyana . Guyana is an Amerindian word meaning Land of Many Waters . Guyana can be characterized by
eos The official name of Guyana is the Co - operative Republic of Guyana . Guyana is an Amerindian word meaning Land of Many Waters .
eos Guyana is an Amerindian word meaning Land of Many Waters . Guyana can be characterized by Guyana vast rain forests dissected by numerous rivers , creeks and waterfalls , notably Kaieteur Falls on the Potaro River .
eos Guyana tepuis are famous for being the inspiration for Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's 1912 novel The Lost World .
eos The Lost World . Guyana enjoys a friendly , multicultural society , high floral and faunal biodiversity , prize - winning rum , British Colonial architecture and Demerara sugar . Though physically part of South America , culturally
eos The Lost World . Guyana enjoys a friendly , multicultural society , high floral and faunal biodiversity , prize - winning rum , British Colonial architecture and Demerara sugar . Though physically part of South America , culturally Guyana is Caribbean rather than Latin American and
eos Guyana enjoys a friendly , multicultural society , high floral and faunal biodiversity , prize - winning rum , British Colonial architecture and Demerara sugar . Though physically part of South America , culturally Guyana is Caribbean rather than Latin American and Guyana is considered part of the West Indies . Other languages of
eos Though physically part of South America , culturally Guyana is Caribbean rather than Latin American and Guyana is considered part of the West Indies . Other languages of Guyana include Creolese , Hindi , Wai - Wai , Arawak and Macushi .
eos 
eos Haiti ( Haïti in French ; Ayiti in Haitian Creole ; Hayti in nineteenth century English ) , officially the Republic of Haiti , occupies one third of the Caribbean island of Hispaniola , and Haiti also includes many smaller islands such as La Gonâve , La Tortue ( Tortuga ) , Les Cayemites , Île de Anacaona , and La Grande Caye . The uninhabited island of Navasse is claimed both by
eos ( Haïti in French ; Ayiti in Haitian Creole ; Hayti in nineteenth century English ) , officially the Republic of Haiti , occupies one third of the Caribbean island of Hispaniola , and Haiti also includes many smaller islands such as La Gonâve , La Tortue ( Tortuga ) , Les Cayemites , Île de Anacaona , and La Grande Caye . The uninhabited island of Navasse is claimed both by Haiti and the United States .
eos The uninhabited island of Navasse is claimed both by Haiti and the United States . Haiti shares the island of Hispaniola with the Dominican Republic . The total area of
eos The uninhabited island of Navasse is claimed both by Haiti and the United States . Haiti shares the island of Hispaniola with the Dominican Republic . The total area of Haiti is 27,750 km ² ( 10,714 sq mi ) and
eos Haiti shares the island of Hispaniola with the Dominican Republic . The total area of Haiti is 27,750 km ² ( 10,714 sq mi ) and Haiti capital is Port - au - Prince . A former French colony ,
eos The total area of Haiti is 27,750 km ² ( 10,714 sq mi ) and Haiti capital is Port - au - Prince . A former French colony , Haiti was to become the first independent black republic , and the only nation ever having a successful slave revolt . Haiti became the second independent country in the Americas ( after the United States ) when Haiti declared
eos The total area of Haiti is 27,750 km ² ( 10,714 sq mi ) and Haiti capital is Port - au - Prince . A former French colony , Haiti was to become the first independent black republic , and the only nation ever having a successful slave revolt .
eos The total area of Haiti is 27,750 km ² ( 10,714 sq mi ) and Haiti capital is Port - au - Prince . A former French colony , Haiti was to become the first independent black republic , and the only nation ever having a successful slave revolt . Haiti became the second independent country in the Americas ( after the United States ) when
eos A former French colony , Haiti was to become the first independent black republic , and the only nation ever having a successful slave revolt . Haiti became the second independent country in the Americas ( after the United States ) when Haiti declared Haiti independence on january 1 , 1804 .
eos 
eos Heard_Island_and_McDonald_Islands ( HIMI ) are uninhabited , barren islands located in the Southern Ocean at 53 ° 00 'S , 73 ° 00 ` E , about two - thirds of the way from Madagascar to Antarctica .
eos ` E , about two - thirds of the way from Madagascar to Antarctica . Heard_Island_and_McDonald_Islands have been part of Australia since 1947 , and Heard_Island_and_McDonald_Islands contain the only two active volcanoes in Australian territory , one of which , Mawson Peak , is the highest Australian mountain .
eos 
eos 
eos Hong_Kong ( "" Traditional Chinese : 中華人民共和國香港特別行政區 "" "" pronunciation "" ) is one of the two special administrative regions ( SARs ) of the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , the other being Macau .
eos Hong_Kong is commonly known as Hong Kong ( "" Traditional Chinese : 香港 , Simplified Chinese : 香港 , Cantonese Yale : heūng góng , Pinyin : Xiānggǎng "" ) , which is often written Hongkong in older English - language texts . The Hong Kong Government officially changed the name of
eos ( "" Traditional Chinese : 香港 , Simplified Chinese : 香港 , Cantonese Yale : heūng góng , Pinyin : Xiānggǎng "" ) , which is often written Hongkong in older English - language texts . The Hong Kong Government officially changed the name of Hong_Kong to Hong Kong on 3 september 1926 .
eos The Hong Kong Government officially changed the name of Hong_Kong to Hong Kong on 3 september 1926 . Hong_Kong is on the eastern side of the Pearl River Delta on the southeastern coast of the People 's Republic of China , facing the South China Sea in the south , and bordering Guangdong Province in the north . Because
eos The Hong Kong Government officially changed the name of Hong_Kong to Hong Kong on 3 september 1926 . Hong_Kong is on the eastern side of the Pearl River Delta on the southeastern coast of the People 's Republic of China , facing the South China Sea in the south , and bordering Guangdong Province in the north . Because Hong_Kong has one of the world 's most liberal economies and Hong_Kong is a major international centre of finance and trade ,
eos Hong_Kong is on the eastern side of the Pearl River Delta on the southeastern coast of the People 's Republic of China , facing the South China Sea in the south , and bordering Guangdong Province in the north . Because Hong_Kong has one of the world 's most liberal economies and Hong_Kong is a major international centre of finance and trade , Hong_Kong is China 's richest region .
eos Hong_Kong is on the eastern side of the Pearl River Delta on the southeastern coast of the People 's Republic of China , facing the South China Sea in the south , and bordering Guangdong Province in the north . Because Hong_Kong has one of the world 's most liberal economies and Hong_Kong is a major international centre of finance and trade , Hong_Kong is China 's richest region . Hong_Kong was a British colony from 1842 , until
eos Because Hong_Kong has one of the world 's most liberal economies and Hong_Kong is a major international centre of finance and trade , Hong_Kong is China 's richest region . Hong_Kong was a British colony from 1842 , until Hong_Kong sovereignty was transferred to the PRC in 1997 .
eos Because Hong_Kong has one of the world 's most liberal economies and Hong_Kong is a major international centre of finance and trade , Hong_Kong is China 's richest region . Hong_Kong was a British colony from 1842 , until Hong_Kong sovereignty was transferred to the PRC in 1997 . Hong_Kong is governed as a special administrative region under the Basic Law of
eos Hong_Kong was a British colony from 1842 , until Hong_Kong sovereignty was transferred to the PRC in 1997 . Hong_Kong is governed as a special administrative region under the Basic Law of Hong_Kong . Under the terms of the Sino - British Joint Declaration , the PRC has promised that
eos Hong_Kong is governed as a special administrative region under the Basic Law of Hong_Kong . Under the terms of the Sino - British Joint Declaration , the PRC has promised that Hong_Kong will have a relatively high degree of autonomy until at least 2047 , fifty years after the transfer of sovereignty . Under the ` ` One Country , Two Systems '' policy ,
eos Hong_Kong is governed as a special administrative region under the Basic Law of Hong_Kong . Under the terms of the Sino - British Joint Declaration , the PRC has promised that Hong_Kong will have a relatively high degree of autonomy until at least 2047 , fifty years after the transfer of sovereignty . Under the ` ` One Country , Two Systems '' policy , Hong_Kong retains
eos Hong_Kong is governed as a special administrative region under the Basic Law of Hong_Kong . Under the terms of the Sino - British Joint Declaration , the PRC has promised that Hong_Kong will have a relatively high degree of autonomy until at least 2047 , fifty years after the transfer of sovereignty . Under the ` ` One Country , Two Systems '' policy , Hong_Kong retains Hong_Kong own legal system , currency , customs policy , cultural delegation , international sport teams , and immigration laws , and with the PRC representing
eos 
eos Hungary ( Hungarian : Magyarország listen ) , officially the Republic of Hungary ( Magyar Köztársaság listen ) , is a landlocked country in Central Europe , bordered by Austria , Slovakia , Ukraine , Romania , Serbia , Croatia , and Slovenia .
eos 
eos 
eos ( Devanagari : भारत Bhārat ) , officially the Republic of India ( Bhārata Gaṇarājya ) , is a country in South Asia .
eos ( Bhārata Gaṇarājya ) , is a country in South Asia . India is the seventh - largest country by geographical area , the second most populous country , and the most populous liberal democracy in the world .
eos India is the seventh - largest country by geographical area , the second most populous country , and the most populous liberal democracy in the world . India has a coastline of over seven thousand kilometres , bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the west , and the Bay of Bengal on the east .
eos India has a coastline of over seven thousand kilometres , bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the west , and the Bay of Bengal on the east . India borders Pakistan to the west ; China , Nepal and Bhutan to the north - east ; and Bangladesh and Myanmar to the east . In the Indian Ocean ,
eos In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka , Maldives , Indonesia and Thailand . Home to the Indus Valley Civilization and a hub of ancient trade routes , the Indian subcontinent became the seat of vast empires whose achievements include the decimal number system , the Buddhist art of Ajanta , and the Taj Mahal . Four major world religions , Hinduism , Buddhism , Jainism and Sikhism originated in
eos In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka , Maldives , Indonesia and Thailand . Home to the Indus Valley Civilization and a hub of ancient trade routes , the Indian subcontinent became the seat of vast empires whose achievements include the decimal number system , the Buddhist art of Ajanta , and the Taj Mahal . Four major world religions , Hinduism , Buddhism , Jainism and Sikhism originated in India , while Islam , Christianity , Judaism and Zoroastrianism , arrived in the first millennium CE and shaped the variegated culture of
eos Home to the Indus Valley Civilization and a hub of ancient trade routes , the Indian subcontinent became the seat of vast empires whose achievements include the decimal number system , the Buddhist art of Ajanta , and the Taj Mahal . Four major world religions , Hinduism , Buddhism , Jainism and Sikhism originated in India , while Islam , Christianity , Judaism and Zoroastrianism , arrived in the first millennium CE and shaped the variegated culture of India . Colonised by the British East India Company in the 18th century and directly administered by Great Britain starting the mid-19th century ,
eos Four major world religions , Hinduism , Buddhism , Jainism and Sikhism originated in India , while Islam , Christianity , Judaism and Zoroastrianism , arrived in the first millennium CE and shaped the variegated culture of India . Colonised by the British East India Company in the 18th century and directly administered by Great Britain starting the mid-19th century , India became a modern nation - state in 1947 after a struggle for independence marked by widespread use of nonviolent resistance as a means of social protest . With the world 's fourth largest economy in purchasing power and the second fastest growing large economy ,
eos Colonised by the British East India Company in the 18th century and directly administered by Great Britain starting the mid-19th century , India became a modern nation - state in 1947 after a struggle for independence marked by widespread use of nonviolent resistance as a means of social protest . With the world 's fourth largest economy in purchasing power and the second fastest growing large economy , India has made rapid progress in the last decade , most notably in information technology . A declared nuclear deterrent state , with an active space program ,
eos With the world 's fourth largest economy in purchasing power and the second fastest growing large economy , India has made rapid progress in the last decade , most notably in information technology . A declared nuclear deterrent state , with an active space program , India is considered an emerging superpower . Although
eos With the world 's fourth largest economy in purchasing power and the second fastest growing large economy , India has made rapid progress in the last decade , most notably in information technology . A declared nuclear deterrent state , with an active space program , India is considered an emerging superpower . Although India standard of living is projected to rise sharply in the next half - century ,
eos A declared nuclear deterrent state , with an active space program , India is considered an emerging superpower . Although India standard of living is projected to rise sharply in the next half - century , India currently battles high levels of poverty , persistent malnutrition , and environmental degradation . A multi - lingual , multi - ethnic society ,
eos 
eos Indonesia , officially the Republic of Indonesia ( Indonesian : Republik Indonesia ) , is a nation of 18,110 islands in the South East Asian Archipelago , making
eos Indonesia , officially the Republic of Indonesia ( Indonesian : Republik Indonesia ) , is a nation of 18,110 islands in the South East Asian Archipelago , making Indonesia the world 's largest archipelagic state .
eos ( Indonesian : Republik Indonesia ) , is a nation of 18,110 islands in the South East Asian Archipelago , making Indonesia the world 's largest archipelagic state . Indonesia capital is Jakarta .
eos Indonesia capital is Jakarta . Indonesia is bordered by the nations of Papua New Guinea , East Timor , and Malaysia . With a population of over 200 million ,
eos With a population of over 200 million , Indonesia is the world 's fourth most populous country and the most populous nation with a majority of Muslims . The Indonesian Archipelago , home of the Spice Islands , has been an important trade destination since early Chinese sailors began to find profit in the spice trade during ancient times . Much of
eos Much of Indonesia history has been influenced by the many foreign powers that have been drawn to the archipelago by its wealth of natural resources . These have included Classical Hindus and Buddhists from India , Muslim traders in medieval times , and Europeans during the Age of Exploration , who fought for monopolization of the spice trade .
eos Much of Indonesia history has been influenced by the many foreign powers that have been drawn to the archipelago by its wealth of natural resources . These have included Classical Hindus and Buddhists from India , Muslim traders in medieval times , and Europeans during the Age of Exploration , who fought for monopolization of the spice trade . Indonesia was colonized by the Dutch for over three centuries ; however ,
eos Much of Indonesia history has been influenced by the many foreign powers that have been drawn to the archipelago by its wealth of natural resources . These have included Classical Hindus and Buddhists from India , Muslim traders in medieval times , and Europeans during the Age of Exploration , who fought for monopolization of the spice trade . Indonesia was colonized by the Dutch for over three centuries ; however , Indonesia declared
eos These have included Classical Hindus and Buddhists from India , Muslim traders in medieval times , and Europeans during the Age of Exploration , who fought for monopolization of the spice trade . Indonesia was colonized by the Dutch for over three centuries ; however , Indonesia declared Indonesia independence in 1945 , which was internationally recognized four years later . Since then ,
eos Indonesia was colonized by the Dutch for over three centuries ; however , Indonesia declared Indonesia independence in 1945 , which was internationally recognized four years later . Since then , Indonesia has had a turbulent history , including political instability and corruption , periods of rapid economic growth and decline , environmental catastrophe , and a recent democratization process .
eos Indonesia was colonized by the Dutch for over three centuries ; however , Indonesia declared Indonesia independence in 1945 , which was internationally recognized four years later . Since then , Indonesia has had a turbulent history , including political instability and corruption , periods of rapid economic growth and decline , environmental catastrophe , and a recent democratization process . Indonesia is a unitary state consisting of numerous distinct ethnic , linguistic , and religious groups spread across
eos Since then , Indonesia has had a turbulent history , including political instability and corruption , periods of rapid economic growth and decline , environmental catastrophe , and a recent democratization process . Indonesia is a unitary state consisting of numerous distinct ethnic , linguistic , and religious groups spread across Indonesia numerous islands . The modern borders of
eos Indonesia is a unitary state consisting of numerous distinct ethnic , linguistic , and religious groups spread across Indonesia numerous islands . The modern borders of Indonesia are based upon those of the Dutch East Indies colony , rather than on any preconceived notion of unity . However , a shared history of colonialism , rebellion against it , a national Indonesian language , and a religious majority of Islam help to define
eos The modern borders of Indonesia are based upon those of the Dutch East Indies colony , rather than on any preconceived notion of unity . However , a shared history of colonialism , rebellion against it , a national Indonesian language , and a religious majority of Islam help to define Indonesia as a state .
eos The modern borders of Indonesia are based upon those of the Dutch East Indies colony , rather than on any preconceived notion of unity . However , a shared history of colonialism , rebellion against it , a national Indonesian language , and a religious majority of Islam help to define Indonesia as a state . Indonesia national motto , Bhinneka tunggal ika ( derived from Old Javanese for unity in diversity ) , reflects the amalgamation of
eos 
eos ( "" Persian : جمهوری اسلامی ايران "" , transliteration : Jomhūrī - ye Eslāmī - ye Īrān ) , is a country located in west Asia , once known as Persia to the Western world .
eos Jomhūrī - ye Eslāmī - ye Īrān ) , is a country located in west Asia , once known as Persia to the Western world . Iran borders Armenia , Azerbaijan ( including its Nakhichevan exclave ) , and Turkmenistan to the north , Pakistan and Afghanistan to the east , and Turkey and Iraq to the west . In addition ,
eos Shi'a Islam is the official state religion and Persian the official language . Throughout history ,
eos Shi'a Islam is the official state religion and Persian the official language . Throughout history , Iran has been of great geostrategic importance because of
eos Islam is the official state religion and Persian the official language . Throughout history , Iran has been of great geostrategic importance because of Iran central location in Eurasia .
eos Throughout history , Iran has been of great geostrategic importance because of Iran central location in Eurasia . Iran is a member and co - founder of the United Nations , NAM , the OIC , and OPEC .
eos Throughout history , Iran has been of great geostrategic importance because of Iran central location in Eurasia . Iran is a member and co - founder of the United Nations , NAM , the OIC , and OPEC . Iran is also significant in international politics on account of
eos 
eos "" Arabic : "" العراق "" Arabic transliteration : ` al - ` Irāq "" , Kurdish : عيَراق ) , is a country in Southwest Asia encompassing most of Mesopotamia as well as the northwestern end of the Zagros mountain range and the eastern part of the Syrian Desert .
eos Iraq shares borders with Kuwait and Saudi Arabia to the south , Jordan to the west , Syria to the northwest , Turkey to the north , and Iran to the east .
eos 
eos Israel ( Hebrew : מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל , Medinat Yisra'el ; "" Arabic : دَوْلَةْ إِسْرَائِيل "" , Dawlat Isrā ` īl ) , officially the State of Israel , is a country in Western Asia on the southeastern edge of the Mediterranean Sea .
eos Israel is bordered by Lebanon in the north , Syria and Jordan in the east , and Egypt in the south - west and Israel has a population of over seven million people . Proclaimed independent in 1948 ,
eos Israel is bordered by Lebanon in the north , Syria and Jordan in the east , and Egypt in the south - west and Israel has a population of over seven million people . Proclaimed independent in 1948 , Israel is the world 's only Jewish state , although
eos and Israel has a population of over seven million people . Proclaimed independent in 1948 , Israel is the world 's only Jewish state , although Israel population includes citizens of many ethnic and religious backgrounds ( see Israelis ) . According to the international data reported by Freedom House , the degree of political rights and civil liberties in
eos and Israel has a population of over seven million people . Proclaimed independent in 1948 , Israel is the world 's only Jewish state , although Israel population includes citizens of many ethnic and religious backgrounds ( see Israelis ) . According to the international data reported by Freedom House , the degree of political rights and civil liberties in Israel makes
eos Proclaimed independent in 1948 , Israel is the world 's only Jewish state , although Israel population includes citizens of many ethnic and religious backgrounds ( see Israelis ) . According to the international data reported by Freedom House , the degree of political rights and civil liberties in Israel makes Israel the only liberal democracy in the Middle East , consisting of a multi - party system and separation of powers .
eos According to the international data reported by Freedom House , the degree of political rights and civil liberties in Israel makes Israel the only liberal democracy in the Middle East , consisting of a multi - party system and separation of powers . Israel has a vibrant cultural life and a technologically and industrially advanced economy .
eos 
eos Jamaica is an island nation of the Greater Antilles , 240 kilometres ( 150 mi ) in length and as much as 85 kilometres ( 50 mi ) in width situated in the Caribbean Sea .
eos Jamaica is 635 kilometres ( 391 mi ) east of the Central American mainland , 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) south of Cuba , and 180 kilometres ( 112 mi ) west of the island of Hispaniola , on which Haiti and the Dominican Republic are situated .
eos Jamaica is 635 kilometres ( 391 mi ) east of the Central American mainland , 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) south of Cuba , and 180 kilometres ( 112 mi ) west of the island of Hispaniola , on which Haiti and the Dominican Republic are situated . Jamaica indigenous Arawakan - speaking Taíno inhabitants named
eos Jamaica indigenous Arawakan - speaking Taíno inhabitants named Jamaica Xaymaca , meaning either the ` ` Land of Springs , '' or the ` ` Land of Wood and Water . '' Formerly a Spanish possession known as Santiago , then the British West Indies Crown colony of Jamaica .
eos 
eos Japan ( Japanese : 日本/日本国 , Nihon or Nippon , officially Nihon - koku or Nippon - koku ) is an island country in East Asia . Located in the Pacific Ocean ,
eos ( Japanese : 日本/日本国 , Nihon or Nippon , officially Nihon - koku or Nippon - koku ) is an island country in East Asia . Located in the Pacific Ocean , Japan lies to the east of China , Korea , and Russia , stretching from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea in the south . The characters that make up
eos ( Japanese : 日本/日本国 , Nihon or Nippon , officially Nihon - koku or Nippon - koku ) is an island country in East Asia . Located in the Pacific Ocean , Japan lies to the east of China , Korea , and Russia , stretching from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea in the south . The characters that make up Japan name literally mean ` ` Sun 's Origin '' , thus
eos ( Japanese : 日本/日本国 , Nihon or Nippon , officially Nihon - koku or Nippon - koku ) is an island country in East Asia . Located in the Pacific Ocean , Japan lies to the east of China , Korea , and Russia , stretching from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea in the south . The characters that make up Japan name literally mean ` ` Sun 's Origin '' , thus Japan is also sometimes known as the self - identified ` ` The Land of the Rising Sun '' , a name that comes from
eos Located in the Pacific Ocean , Japan lies to the east of China , Korea , and Russia , stretching from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea in the south . The characters that make up Japan name literally mean ` ` Sun 's Origin '' , thus Japan is also sometimes known as the self - identified ` ` The Land of the Rising Sun '' , a name that comes from Japan eastward position relative to China .
eos The characters that make up Japan name literally mean ` ` Sun 's Origin '' , thus Japan is also sometimes known as the self - identified ` ` The Land of the Rising Sun '' , a name that comes from Japan eastward position relative to China . Japan capital and largest city is Tokyo . At 377,872 square kilometres ( 145,898 sq meter ) ,
eos Japan capital and largest city is Tokyo . At 377,872 square kilometres ( 145,898 sq meter ) , Japan is the sixty - second largest country by area .
eos At 377,872 square kilometres ( 145,898 sq meter ) , Japan is the sixty - second largest country by area . Japan encompasses over 3,000 islands , the largest of which are Honshū , Hokkaidō , Kyūshū and Shikoku . Most of
eos Japan encompasses over 3,000 islands , the largest of which are Honshū , Hokkaidō , Kyūshū and Shikoku . Most of Japan islands are mountainous , and many are volcanic , including the highest peak , Mount Fuji .
eos Japan has the world 's 10th largest population , with nearly 128 million people . The Greater Tokyo Area , with over 30 million residents , is the largest metropolitan area in the world . Archaeological research indicates that people were living on the islands of
eos The Greater Tokyo Area , with over 30 million residents , is the largest metropolitan area in the world . Archaeological research indicates that people were living on the islands of Japan as early as the upper paleolithic period . The first written mention of
eos Archaeological research indicates that people were living on the islands of Japan as early as the upper paleolithic period . The first written mention of Japan begins with brief appearances in Chinese history texts from the 1st century AD Japanese history has been marked by alternating periods of long isolation and radical influence from the outside world .
eos The first written mention of Japan begins with brief appearances in Chinese history texts from the 1st century AD Japanese history has been marked by alternating periods of long isolation and radical influence from the outside world . Japan culture today is a mixture of outside influences and internal developments . Since
eos The first written mention of Japan begins with brief appearances in Chinese history texts from the 1st century AD Japanese history has been marked by alternating periods of long isolation and radical influence from the outside world . Japan culture today is a mixture of outside influences and internal developments . Since Japan adopted
eos The first written mention of Japan begins with brief appearances in Chinese history texts from the 1st century AD Japanese history has been marked by alternating periods of long isolation and radical influence from the outside world . Japan culture today is a mixture of outside influences and internal developments . Since Japan adopted Japan constitution on May 3 , 1947 ,
eos Japan culture today is a mixture of outside influences and internal developments . Since Japan adopted Japan constitution on May 3 , 1947 , Japan has maintained a unitary constitutional monarchy with an emperor and an elected parliament , the Diet , which is one of the oldest legislative bodies in Asia .
eos 
eos Kazakhstan , also spelled Kazakstan or Khazakhstan , ( Kazakh : Қазақстан , Qazaqstan , IPA "" IPA : "" qɑzɑqˈstɑn "" "" ; Russian : Казахстан , Kazakhstán , IPA "" IPA : "" kəzʌxˈstan "" "" ) , officially the Republic of Kazakhstan , is a country that stretches over a vast expanse of northern and central Eurasia . A small portion of
eos Russian : Казахстан , Kazakhstán , IPA "" IPA : "" kəzʌxˈstan "" "" ) , officially the Republic of Kazakhstan , is a country that stretches over a vast expanse of northern and central Eurasia . A small portion of Kazakhstan territory west of the Ural River is located in eastern - most Europe .
eos A small portion of Kazakhstan territory west of the Ural River is located in eastern - most Europe . Kazakhstan has borders with Russia , the People 's Republic of China , and the Central Asian countries Kyrgyzstan , Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan , and Kazakhstan has a coastline on the Caspian Sea .
eos Kazakhstan has borders with Russia , the People 's Republic of China , and the Central Asian countries Kyrgyzstan , Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan , and Kazakhstan has a coastline on the Caspian Sea . Kazakhstan was a republic of the former Soviet Union and Kazakhstan is now a member of the Commonwealth of Independent States .
eos Kazakhstan has borders with Russia , the People 's Republic of China , and the Central Asian countries Kyrgyzstan , Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan , and Kazakhstan has a coastline on the Caspian Sea . Kazakhstan was a republic of the former Soviet Union and Kazakhstan is now a member of the Commonwealth of Independent States . Kazakhstan is the ninth - largest country in the world by area , but
eos mi . ) . Population in 2006 is estimated at 15,300,000 , down from 16,464,464 in 1989 due to the emigration of ethnic Russians and Volga Germans . Much of
eos 
eos 
eos Kyrgyzstan ( Kyrgyz and Russian : Кыргызстан , variously transliterated ) , officially the Kyrgyz Republic , is a country in Central Asia . Landlocked and mountainous ,
eos Landlocked and mountainous , Kyrgyzstan borders Kazakhstan to the north , Uzbekistan to the west , Tajikistan to the southwest and the People 's Republic of China to the southeast . Kyrgyzstan means the ` ` Land of the Kyrgyz '' .
eos 
eos Laos , officially the Lao People 's Democratic Republic , is a landlocked socialist republic communist state in southeast Asia , bordered by Myanmar ( Burma ) and the People 's Republic of China to the northwest , Vietnam to the east , Cambodia to the south , and Thailand to the west .
eos Laos , officially the Lao People 's Democratic Republic , is a landlocked socialist republic communist state in southeast Asia , bordered by Myanmar ( Burma ) and the People 's Republic of China to the northwest , Vietnam to the east , Cambodia to the south , and Thailand to the west . Laos traces
eos Laos , officially the Lao People 's Democratic Republic , is a landlocked socialist republic communist state in southeast Asia , bordered by Myanmar ( Burma ) and the People 's Republic of China to the northwest , Vietnam to the east , Cambodia to the south , and Thailand to the west . Laos traces Laos history to the Kingdom of Lan Xang or Land of a Million Elephants , which existed from the 14th to the 18th century . After a period as a French colony ,
eos Private enterprise has increased since the mid-1980s , but development has been hampered by poor communications in the heavily forested and mountainous landscape . Most of the population of around 6 million practice subsistence agriculture .
eos 
eos Latvia , officially the Republic of Latvia ( Latvian : Latvija or Latvijas Republika , Livonian : Lețmō ) , is a country in Northern Europe .
eos ( Latvian : Latvija or Latvijas Republika , Livonian : Lețmō ) , is a country in Northern Europe . Latvia shares land borders with two fellow Baltic states - Estonia to the north and Lithuania to the south - and both Russia and Belarus to the east . In the west ,
eos Latvia shares land borders with two fellow Baltic states - Estonia to the north and Lithuania to the south - and both Russia and Belarus to the east . In the west , Latvia shares a maritime border with Sweden . The capital of
eos In the west , Latvia shares a maritime border with Sweden . The capital of Latvia is Riga ( Latvian : Rīga ) .
eos 
eos Lesotho ( pronounced IPA : lɪˈsuːtu ) , officially the Kingdom of Lesotho , is a land - locked country , entirely surrounded by the Republic of South Africa . Formerly Basutoland ,
eos 
eos Liberia , officially the Republic of Liberia , is a country on the west coast of Africa , bordered by Sierra Leone , Guinea , and Côte d'Ivoire .
eos Liberia , officially the Republic of Liberia , is a country on the west coast of Africa , bordered by Sierra Leone , Guinea , and Côte d'Ivoire . Liberia , which means ` ` Land of the Free , '' was founded as an independent nation by free - born and formerly enslaved African Americans . Recently
eos Liberia , officially the Republic of Liberia , is a country on the west coast of Africa , bordered by Sierra Leone , Guinea , and Côte d'Ivoire . Liberia , which means ` ` Land of the Free , '' was founded as an independent nation by free - born and formerly enslaved African Americans . Recently Liberia has witnessed two civil wars , the Liberian Civil War ( 1989 - 1996 ) , and the Second Liberian Civil War ( 1999 - 2003 ) , that have displaced hundreds of thousands and destroyed
eos 
eos ( "" Arabic : الجماهيرية العربية الليبية الشعبية الإشتراكية العظمى "" , "" Arabic - Latin transliteration : Al - Jamāhīriyyah al - Arabiyyah al - Lībiyyah aš - Šabiyyah al - Ištirākiyyah al - Uthmā "" ) , is a country in North Africa . Bordering the Mediterranean Sea to the north ,
eos Al - Jamāhīriyyah al - Arabiyyah al - Lībiyyah aš - Šabiyyah al - Ištirākiyyah al - Uthmā "" ) , is a country in North Africa . Bordering the Mediterranean Sea to the north , Libya lies between Egypt to the east , Sudan to the southeast , Chad and Niger to the south , and Algeria and Tunisia to the west . With an area of almost 1.8 million square kilometres ( 700,000 sq mi ) , 90 % of which is desert ,
eos Bordering the Mediterranean Sea to the north , Libya lies between Egypt to the east , Sudan to the southeast , Chad and Niger to the south , and Algeria and Tunisia to the west . With an area of almost 1.8 million square kilometres ( 700,000 sq mi ) , 90 % of which is desert , Libya is the fourth largest country in Africa by area , and the 17th largest in the world . The capital , Tripoli , is home to 1.7 million of
eos With an area of almost 1.8 million square kilometres ( 700,000 sq mi ) , 90 % of which is desert , Libya is the fourth largest country in Africa by area , and the 17th largest in the world . The capital , Tripoli , is home to 1.7 million of Libya 5.7 million people . The three traditional parts of
eos Berber peoples living west of the Nile . In Greek this became ` ` Libya '' , although in ancient Greece the term had a broader meaning , encompassing all of North Africa west of Egypt , and sometimes referring to the entire continent of Africa .
eos Berber peoples living west of the Nile . In Greek this became ` ` Libya '' , although in ancient Greece the term had a broader meaning , encompassing all of North Africa west of Egypt , and sometimes referring to the entire continent of Africa . Libya has one of the highest Gross Domestic Products per person in Africa , largely because of
eos In Greek this became ` ` Libya '' , although in ancient Greece the term had a broader meaning , encompassing all of North Africa west of Egypt , and sometimes referring to the entire continent of Africa . Libya has one of the highest Gross Domestic Products per person in Africa , largely because of Libya great oil reserves .
eos 
eos Liechtenstein ( German : Fürstentum Liechtenstein ) is a small , doubly landlocked country in Central Europe , bordered by Switzerland to
eos Liechtenstein ( German : Fürstentum Liechtenstein ) is a small , doubly landlocked country in Central Europe , bordered by Switzerland to Liechtenstein west and by Austria to
eos Liechtenstein ( German : Fürstentum Liechtenstein ) is a small , doubly landlocked country in Central Europe , bordered by Switzerland to Liechtenstein west and by Austria to Liechtenstein east . Mountainous ,
eos Liechtenstein ( German : Fürstentum Liechtenstein ) is a small , doubly landlocked country in Central Europe , bordered by Switzerland to Liechtenstein west and by Austria to Liechtenstein east . Mountainous , Liechtenstein is a winter sports resort , though
eos ( German : Fürstentum Liechtenstein ) is a small , doubly landlocked country in Central Europe , bordered by Switzerland to Liechtenstein west and by Austria to Liechtenstein east . Mountainous , Liechtenstein is a winter sports resort , though Liechtenstein is perhaps best - known as a tax haven . Despite this ,
eos ( German : Fürstentum Liechtenstein ) is a small , doubly landlocked country in Central Europe , bordered by Switzerland to Liechtenstein west and by Austria to Liechtenstein east . Mountainous , Liechtenstein is a winter sports resort , though Liechtenstein is perhaps best - known as a tax haven . Despite this , Liechtenstein is not heavily urbanized ( like the Principality of Monaco or Gibraltar ) but many cultivated fields and little farms characterize
eos Mountainous , Liechtenstein is a winter sports resort , though Liechtenstein is perhaps best - known as a tax haven . Despite this , Liechtenstein is not heavily urbanized ( like the Principality of Monaco or Gibraltar ) but many cultivated fields and little farms characterize Liechtenstein landscape both in the north ( Unterland ) and in the south ( Oberland ) .
eos 
eos Lithuania , officially the Republic of Lithuania ( Lithuanian : Lietuva ; official - Lietuvos Respublika ) , is a country in northern Europe . The largest of the three Baltic States situated along the Baltic Sea ,
eos ( Lithuanian : Lietuva ; official - Lietuvos Respublika ) , is a country in northern Europe . The largest of the three Baltic States situated along the Baltic Sea , Lithuania shares borders with Latvia to the north , Belarus to the southeast , Poland and the Russian exclave of the Kaliningrad Oblast to the southwest .
eos 
eos Macau ( "" Traditional Chinese : 中華人民共和國澳門特別行政區 "" "" in Mandarin , in Cantonese "" ; Portuguese : Região Administrativa Especial de Macau da República Popular da China "" in Portuguese "" , abbreviated as RAEM ) , commonly known as Macau or Macao ( "" Traditional Chinese : 澳門 "" , or informally known as 馬交 ) is a small territory on the southern coast of the People 's Republic of China . Administered by Portugal until 1999 ,
eos ; Portuguese : Região Administrativa Especial de Macau da República Popular da China "" in Portuguese "" , abbreviated as RAEM ) , commonly known as Macau or Macao ( "" Traditional Chinese : 澳門 "" , or informally known as 馬交 ) is a small territory on the southern coast of the People 's Republic of China . Administered by Portugal until 1999 , Macau was the oldest European colony in China , dating back to the 16th century . The administrative power over
eos ; Portuguese : Região Administrativa Especial de Macau da República Popular da China "" in Portuguese "" , abbreviated as RAEM ) , commonly known as Macau or Macao ( "" Traditional Chinese : 澳門 "" , or informally known as 馬交 ) is a small territory on the southern coast of the People 's Republic of China . Administered by Portugal until 1999 , Macau was the oldest European colony in China , dating back to the 16th century . The administrative power over Macau was transferred to the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) in 1999 , and
eos Administered by Portugal until 1999 , Macau was the oldest European colony in China , dating back to the 16th century . The administrative power over Macau was transferred to the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) in 1999 , and Macau is now one of two special administrative regions of the PRC , together with Hong Kong . Besides historical Chinese and Portuguese world - heritage relics ,
eos Administered by Portugal until 1999 , Macau was the oldest European colony in China , dating back to the 16th century . The administrative power over Macau was transferred to the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) in 1999 , and Macau is now one of two special administrative regions of the PRC , together with Hong Kong . Besides historical Chinese and Portuguese world - heritage relics , Macau biggest attraction is
eos 
eos Madagascar ( Republic of Madagascar ) , is an island nation in the Indian Ocean , off the eastern coast of Africa , close to Mozambique . The main island , also called Madagascar , is the fourth largest island in the world .
eos Madagascar ( Republic of Madagascar ) , is an island nation in the Indian Ocean , off the eastern coast of Africa , close to Mozambique . The main island , also called Madagascar , is the fourth largest island in the world . Madagascar is home to five percent of the world 's plant and animal species , more than 80 percent of them endemic to
eos The adjective of Madagascar is Malagasy ( pronounced ` ` mal - la - gas - ee '' ) . The main language is Malagasy .
eos The adjective of Madagascar is Malagasy ( pronounced ` ` mal - la - gas - ee '' ) . The main language is Malagasy . Madagascar natural balance is severely threatened , because of loss of most of
eos 
eos Malawi ( "" IPA : məˈlɑːwi "" or "" IPA : "" malaβi "" "" ; formerly Nyasaland ) is a democratic , densely populated country located in southeastern Africa .
eos Malawi ( "" IPA : məˈlɑːwi "" or "" IPA : "" malaβi "" "" ; formerly Nyasaland ) is a democratic , densely populated country located in southeastern Africa . Malawi has Zambia to the north - west , Tanzania to the north , and Mozambique surrounding
eos "" IPA : məˈlɑːwi "" or "" IPA : "" malaβi "" "" ; formerly Nyasaland ) is a democratic , densely populated country located in southeastern Africa . Malawi has Zambia to the north - west , Tanzania to the north , and Mozambique surrounding Malawi on the east , south , and west . The origin of the name Malawi remains unclear ; it is held to be either derived from that of southern tribes , or noting the ` ` glitter of the sun rising across the lake '' ( as seen in
eos 
eos The name ` ` Malaysia '' was adopted in 1963 when the Federation of Malaya ( Malay : Persekutuan Tanah Melayu ) Singapore , Sabah and Sarawak formed a 14-state federation . Singapore withdrew from
eos Singapore , Sabah and Sarawak formed a 14-state federation . Singapore withdrew from Malaysia in 1965 to become an independent country .
eos Although politically dominated by the Malays , modern Malaysian society is heterogeneous , with substantial Chinese and Indian minorities . Malaysian politics have been noted for their allegedly communal nature ; the three major component parties of the Barisan Nasional each restrict membership to those of one ethnic group . The only major violence
eos Malaysian politics have been noted for their allegedly communal nature ; the three major component parties of the Barisan Nasional each restrict membership to those of one ethnic group . The only major violence Malaysia has seen since independence was the May 13 racial riots in the wake of an election campaign based on racial issues . Nonetheless ,
eos 
eos Maldives , officially the Republic of Maldives , is an island nation consisting of a group of atolls in the Indian Ocean .
eos Maldives are located south of India 's Lakshadweep islands , and about seven hundred kilometers ( 435 mi ) south - west of Sri Lanka . The twenty - six atolls encompass a territory featuring 1,192 islets , roughly two hundred of which are inhabited by people .
eos Some scholars believe that the name ` ` Maldives '' derives from the Sanskrit maladvipa , meaning ` ` garland of islands '' , or from ` ` mahila dvipa '' , meaning ` ` island of women '' . Others believe the name means ` ` palace '' ( from Mahal in Arabic ) . Following the introduction of Islam in 1153 ,
eos Others believe the name means ` ` palace '' ( from Mahal in Arabic ) . Following the introduction of Islam in 1153 , Maldives later became a Portuguese ( 1558 ) , Dutch ( 1654 ) , and British ( 1887 ) colonial possession . In 1965 ,
eos Following the introduction of Islam in 1153 , Maldives later became a Portuguese ( 1558 ) , Dutch ( 1654 ) , and British ( 1887 ) colonial possession . In 1965 , Maldives obtained independence from Britain ( originally under the name ` ` Maldive Islands '' ) , and in 1968 the Sultanate was replaced by a Republic . However , in 38 years ,
eos In 1965 , Maldives obtained independence from Britain ( originally under the name ` ` Maldive Islands '' ) , and in 1968 the Sultanate was replaced by a Republic . However , in 38 years , Maldives have had only two Presidents , though political restrictions have loosened somewhat recently .
eos However , in 38 years , Maldives have had only two Presidents , though political restrictions have loosened somewhat recently . Maldives is the smallest Asian country in terms of population , and the smallest Asian country that is a member of the United Nations .
eos 
eos ( French : République du Mali , Amazigh : ) , is a landlocked nation in Western Africa .
eos République du Mali , Amazigh : ) , is a landlocked nation in Western Africa . Mali is the second largest country among West African nations , after Nigeria .
eos d'Ivoire on the south , Guinea on the south - west , and Senegal and Mauritania on the west .
eos d'Ivoire on the south , Guinea on the south - west , and Senegal and Mauritania on the west . Mali straight borders on the north stretch into the centre of the Sahara desert , while
eos Guinea on the south - west , and Senegal and Mauritania on the west . Mali straight borders on the north stretch into the centre of the Sahara desert , while Mali south , where the majority of inhabitants live , features the Niger and Senegal rivers . Formerly French Sudan ,
eos Mali straight borders on the north stretch into the centre of the Sahara desert , while Mali south , where the majority of inhabitants live , features the Niger and Senegal rivers . Formerly French Sudan , Mali is named after the Empire of Mali . The name of
eos 
eos 
eos Martinique is an island in the eastern Caribbean Sea , having a total area of 1,128 km ² .
eos Martinique is an island in the eastern Caribbean Sea , having a total area of 1,128 km ² . Martinique is an overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , or DOM ) of France . Like the other DOMs ,
eos Martinique is an overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , or DOM ) of France . Like the other DOMs , Martinique is also one of the 26 régions of France ( as a région d'outre - mer ) , and an integral part of the Republic . As part of France ,
eos Like the other DOMs , Martinique is also one of the 26 régions of France ( as a région d'outre - mer ) , and an integral part of the Republic . As part of France , Martinique is part of the European Union , the currency used is the euro .
eos Like the other DOMs , Martinique is also one of the 26 régions of France ( as a région d'outre - mer ) , and an integral part of the Republic . As part of France , Martinique is part of the European Union , the currency used is the euro . Martinique official language is French , although almost all of
eos As part of France , Martinique is part of the European Union , the currency used is the euro . Martinique official language is French , although almost all of Martinique inhabitants also speak Antillean Creole ( Créole Martiniquais ) .
eos 
eos Mauritania ( Arabic : موريتانية Mūrītāniyyah ) , officially the Islamic Republic of Mauritania , is a country in northwest Africa .
eos ( Arabic : موريتانية Mūrītāniyyah ) , officially the Islamic Republic of Mauritania , is a country in northwest Africa . Mauritania is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean on the west , by Senegal on the south - west , by Mali on the east and south - east , by Algeria on the north - east , and by Moroccan - annexed territory of Western Sahara on the north - west .
eos 
eos "" "" IPA : / mɔʀis / "" ; Mauritian Creole : Moris ; Officially the Republic of Mauritius ( "" French : République de Maurice "" ) , is an island nation off the coast of Africa in the southwest Indian Ocean , about 900 kilometers ( 560 mi ) east of Madagascar and about 3,943 kilometers ( 2,450 mi ) southwest of India . In addition to the island of Mauritius ,
eos République de Maurice "" ) , is an island nation off the coast of Africa in the southwest Indian Ocean , about 900 kilometers ( 560 mi ) east of Madagascar and about 3,943 kilometers ( 2,450 mi ) southwest of India . In addition to the island of Mauritius , Mauritius includes the islands of St. Brandon , Rodrigues and the Agalega Islands .
eos In addition to the island of Mauritius , Mauritius includes the islands of St. Brandon , Rodrigues and the Agalega Islands . Mauritius is part of the Mascarene Islands , with the French island of Réunion 200 kilometers ( 125 mi ) to the southwest . The flag of
eos 
eos Mayotte "" IPA : mɑjɔːt "" ( French pronunciation "" IPA : / maˈjɔt / "" ) is an overseas community of France at the northern end of the Mozambique Channel in the Indian Ocean , between northern Madagascar and northern Mozambique .
eos "" ( French pronunciation "" IPA : / maˈjɔt / "" ) is an overseas community of France at the northern end of the Mozambique Channel in the Indian Ocean , between northern Madagascar and northern Mozambique . Mayotte is geographically part of the Comoro islands , but Mayotte has been politically separate since the 1970s .
eos "" ( French pronunciation "" IPA : / maˈjɔt / "" ) is an overseas community of France at the northern end of the Mozambique Channel in the Indian Ocean , between northern Madagascar and northern Mozambique . Mayotte is geographically part of the Comoro islands , but Mayotte has been politically separate since the 1970s . Mayotte is also known as Mahoré , especially by advocates of
eos 
eos Mexico ( Spanish : Estados Unidos Mexicanos ) , generally known as Mexico ( Spanish : México ) is a country located in North America , bordered at the north by the United States , and at the south by Guatemala and Belize , in Central America .
eos ( Spanish : Estados Unidos Mexicanos ) , generally known as Mexico ( Spanish : México ) is a country located in North America , bordered at the north by the United States , and at the south by Guatemala and Belize , in Central America . Mexico is the northernmost and westernmost country in Latin America , and also the most populous Spanish - speaking country in the world . The site of advanced Mesoamerican or Amerindian civilizations , the land that currently makes up
eos The site of advanced Mesoamerican or Amerindian civilizations , the land that currently makes up Mexico existed under Spanish rule for three centuries before achieving independence early in the 19th century . The first century of independence was tumultuous , culminating in the decade - long Mexican Revolution , followed by roughly seventy years of rule by the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) . A devaluation of the peso in late 1994 threw
eos The first century of independence was tumultuous , culminating in the decade - long Mexican Revolution , followed by roughly seventy years of rule by the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) . A devaluation of the peso in late 1994 threw Mexico into economic turmoil , triggering the worst recession in over half a century .
eos Ongoing economic and social concerns include low real wages , underemployment for a large segment of the population , inequitable income distribution , and few advancement opportunities for the largely Amerindian population in the impoverished southern states . Elections held in july 2000 marked the first time since the 1910 Mexican Revolution that the opposition defeated the ( PRI ) and Vicente Fox of the National Action Party ( PAN ) was sworn in as President on 1 december 2000 .
eos 
eos Moldova ( Republica Moldova ) is a small landlocked country in eastern Europe , located between Romania to the west and Ukraine to the east and south . Historically part of the Principality of Moldavia ,
eos Moldova ( Republica Moldova ) is a small landlocked country in eastern Europe , located between Romania to the west and Ukraine to the east and south . Historically part of the Principality of Moldavia , Moldova was annexed by the Russian Empire in 1812 and reunited with other Romanian lands in Romania in 1918 . After changing hands during World War II and
eos Moldova ( Republica Moldova ) is a small landlocked country in eastern Europe , located between Romania to the west and Ukraine to the east and south . Historically part of the Principality of Moldavia , Moldova was annexed by the Russian Empire in 1812 and reunited with other Romanian lands in Romania in 1918 . After changing hands during World War II and Moldova final annexation by the Soviet Union ,
eos Moldova ( Republica Moldova ) is a small landlocked country in eastern Europe , located between Romania to the west and Ukraine to the east and south . Historically part of the Principality of Moldavia , Moldova was annexed by the Russian Empire in 1812 and reunited with other Romanian lands in Romania in 1918 . After changing hands during World War II and Moldova final annexation by the Soviet Union , Moldova was known as the Moldavian SSR between 1945 and 1991 and Moldova finally declared
eos Historically part of the Principality of Moldavia , Moldova was annexed by the Russian Empire in 1812 and reunited with other Romanian lands in Romania in 1918 . After changing hands during World War II and Moldova final annexation by the Soviet Union , Moldova was known as the Moldavian SSR between 1945 and 1991 and Moldova finally declared Moldova independence on 27 august 1991 .
eos After changing hands during World War II and Moldova final annexation by the Soviet Union , Moldova was known as the Moldavian SSR between 1945 and 1991 and Moldova finally declared Moldova independence on 27 august 1991 . Moldova is a member state of the United Nations , WMO , UNICEF , GUAM , CIS , BSEC and other international organizations .
eos Moldova is a member state of the United Nations , WMO , UNICEF , GUAM , CIS , BSEC and other international organizations . Moldova is a parliamentary democracy . Moldova head of state is
eos Moldova is a member state of the United Nations , WMO , UNICEF , GUAM , CIS , BSEC and other international organizations . Moldova is a parliamentary democracy .
eos 
eos Mongolia ( Mongolian : Монгол Улс ) is the largest fully landlocked country typically classified as being a part of East Asia , though
eos Mongolia ( Mongolian : Монгол Улс ) is the largest fully landlocked country typically classified as being a part of East Asia , though Mongolia is sometimes considered as being a part of Central Asia instead .
eos Mongolia ( Mongolian : Монгол Улс ) is the largest fully landlocked country typically classified as being a part of East Asia , though Mongolia is sometimes considered as being a part of Central Asia instead . Mongolia is bordered by Russia to the north and the People 's Republic of China to the south .
eos Mongolia is bordered by Russia to the north and the People 's Republic of China to the south . Mongolia capital and largest city is Ulaanbaatar .
eos Mongolia capital and largest city is Ulaanbaatar . Mongolia was the center of the Mongol Empire in the thirteenth century and Mongolia was later ruled by China during the Manchu Qing Dynasty from the end of the seventeenth century until 1911 , when an independent government was formed with Russian assistance . Following the end of the Cold War , and after the fall of communism in
eos Mongolia capital and largest city is Ulaanbaatar . Mongolia was the center of the Mongol Empire in the thirteenth century and Mongolia was later ruled by China during the Manchu Qing Dynasty from the end of the seventeenth century until 1911 , when an independent government was formed with Russian assistance . Following the end of the Cold War , and after the fall of communism in Mongolia in 1990 ,
eos Mongolia was the center of the Mongol Empire in the thirteenth century and Mongolia was later ruled by China during the Manchu Qing Dynasty from the end of the seventeenth century until 1911 , when an independent government was formed with Russian assistance . Following the end of the Cold War , and after the fall of communism in Mongolia in 1990 , Mongolia adopted a new , democratic constitution which was ratified in 1992 . This officially marked the birth of Mongolia as a democratic country , making
eos Mongolia was the center of the Mongol Empire in the thirteenth century and Mongolia was later ruled by China during the Manchu Qing Dynasty from the end of the seventeenth century until 1911 , when an independent government was formed with Russian assistance . Following the end of the Cold War , and after the fall of communism in Mongolia in 1990 , Mongolia adopted a new , democratic constitution which was ratified in 1992 . This officially marked the birth of
eos Following the end of the Cold War , and after the fall of communism in Mongolia in 1990 , Mongolia adopted a new , democratic constitution which was ratified in 1992 . This officially marked the birth of Mongolia as a democratic country , making Mongolia one of the world 's youngest democracies . At 1,564,116 square kilometres ,
eos This officially marked the birth of Mongolia as a democratic country , making Mongolia one of the world 's youngest democracies . At 1,564,116 square kilometres , Mongolia is the nineteenth largest country in the world . However ,
eos This officially marked the birth of Mongolia as a democratic country , making Mongolia one of the world 's youngest democracies . At 1,564,116 square kilometres , Mongolia is the nineteenth largest country in the world . However , Mongolia contains very little arable land as much of
eos At 1,564,116 square kilometres , Mongolia is the nineteenth largest country in the world . However , Mongolia contains very little arable land as much of Mongolia area is covered by arid and unproductive steppes with mountains to the north and west and the Gobi Desert to the south . Approximately 30 percent of
eos However , Mongolia contains very little arable land as much of Mongolia area is covered by arid and unproductive steppes with mountains to the north and west and the Gobi Desert to the south . Approximately 30 percent of Mongolia 2.8 million people are nomadic or semi - nomadic . The predominant religion in
eos However , Mongolia contains very little arable land as much of Mongolia area is covered by arid and unproductive steppes with mountains to the north and west and the Gobi Desert to the south . Approximately 30 percent of Mongolia 2.8 million people are nomadic or semi - nomadic . The predominant religion in Mongolia is Tibetan Buddhism , and the majority of
eos 
eos Montenegro ( Serbian : Црна Гора or Crna Gora , pronounced "" IPA : / ` t͡sr̩naː ` ɡɔra / "" ) , officially the Republic of Montenegro ( Република Црна Гора or Republika Crna Gora ) , is a country located in southeastern Europe .
eos Црна Гора or Crna Gora , pronounced "" IPA : / ` t͡sr̩naː ` ɡɔra / "" ) , officially the Republic of Montenegro ( Република Црна Гора or Republika Crna Gora ) , is a country located in southeastern Europe . Montenegro has a coast on the Adriatic Sea to the south , and Montenegro borders Croatia to the west , Bosnia and Herzegovina to the northwest , Serbia to the northeast and Albania to the southeast .
eos Montenegro capital is Podgorica . Independent from the late Middle Ages until 1918 ,
eos Independent from the late Middle Ages until 1918 , Montenegro was later a part of various incarnations of Yugoslavia and the state union of Serbia and Montenegro . Based on the results of a referendum held on May 21 2006 ,
eos , Montenegro was later a part of various incarnations of Yugoslavia and the state union of Serbia and Montenegro . Based on the results of a referendum held on May 21 2006 , Montenegro declared independence on june 3 2006 . On june 28 ,
eos 
eos Morocco ( "" Arabic : المملكة المغربية "" ) is a country in North Africa .
eos Morocco ( "" Arabic : المملكة المغربية "" ) is a country in North Africa . Morocco has a long coastline on the Atlantic Ocean that reaches past the Strait of Gibraltar into the Mediterranean Sea .
eos Morocco ( "" Arabic : المملكة المغربية "" ) is a country in North Africa . Morocco has a long coastline on the Atlantic Ocean that reaches past the Strait of Gibraltar into the Mediterranean Sea . Morocco borders Algeria to the east , the Mediterranean Sea and a relatively thin water border Spain to the north and the Atlantic Ocean to
eos Morocco has a long coastline on the Atlantic Ocean that reaches past the Strait of Gibraltar into the Mediterranean Sea . Morocco borders Algeria to the east , the Mediterranean Sea and a relatively thin water border Spain to the north and the Atlantic Ocean to Morocco west . There are also two Spanish exclaves bordering
eos There are also two Spanish exclaves bordering Morocco to the north . The border to the south is disputed .
eos The border to the south is disputed . Morocco claims ownership of Western Sahara and Morocco has administered most of the territory since 1975 .
eos Morocco claims ownership of Western Sahara and Morocco has administered most of the territory since 1975 . Morocco , a constitutional monarchy , is the only African country that is not currently a member of the African Union . However ,
eos 
eos ( Portuguese : Moçambique or República de Moçambique , pron . "" IPA : rɛpuβlikɐ dɨmusɐ̃βikɨ "" ) , is a country in southeastern Africa bordering to the Indian Ocean in the east , Tanzania in the north , Malawi and Zambia in the northwest , Zimbabwe in the west and Swaziland and South Africa in the southwest .
eos 
eos Nauru ( pronounced / "" IPA : næuːɹuː "" / ) , officially the Republic of Nauru , is an island nation in the Micronesian South Pacific . The nearest neighbour is Banaba Island in the Republic of Kiribati , 300 km due east .
eos Nauru is the world 's smallest island nation , covering just 21 km ² ( 8.1 sq . mi ) , the smallest independent republic , and the only republican state in the world without an official capital . Initially inhabited by Micronesian and Polynesian peoples ,
eos mi ) , the smallest independent republic , and the only republican state in the world without an official capital . Initially inhabited by Micronesian and Polynesian peoples , Nauru was annexed by Germany in the late 19th century , and Nauru became a mandate territory administered by Australia , New Zealand , and the United Kingdom following World War I
eos Initially inhabited by Micronesian and Polynesian peoples , Nauru was annexed by Germany in the late 19th century , and Nauru became a mandate territory administered by Australia , New Zealand , and the United Kingdom following World War I Nauru was occupied by Japan during World War II , and after the war Nauru entered into trusteeship again .
eos I Nauru was occupied by Japan during World War II , and after the war Nauru entered into trusteeship again . Nauru achieved independence in 1968 . Nauru is a phosphate rock island , and Nauru primary economic activity since 1907 has been the export of phosphate mined from
eos I Nauru was occupied by Japan during World War II , and after the war Nauru entered into trusteeship again . Nauru achieved independence in 1968 .
eos I Nauru was occupied by Japan during World War II , and after the war Nauru entered into trusteeship again . Nauru achieved independence in 1968 . Nauru is a phosphate rock island , and
eos Nauru achieved independence in 1968 . Nauru is a phosphate rock island , and Nauru primary economic activity since 1907 has been the export of phosphate mined from Nauru . With the exhaustion of phosphate reserves ,
eos Nauru achieved independence in 1968 . Nauru is a phosphate rock island , and Nauru primary economic activity since 1907 has been the export of phosphate mined from Nauru . With the exhaustion of phosphate reserves , Nauru environment severely degraded by mining , and the trust established to manage
eos Nauru achieved independence in 1968 . Nauru is a phosphate rock island , and Nauru primary economic activity since 1907 has been the export of phosphate mined from Nauru . With the exhaustion of phosphate reserves , Nauru environment severely degraded by mining , and the trust established to manage Nauru wealth significantly reduced in value , the government of
eos Nauru is a phosphate rock island , and Nauru primary economic activity since 1907 has been the export of phosphate mined from Nauru . With the exhaustion of phosphate reserves , Nauru environment severely degraded by mining , and the trust established to manage Nauru wealth significantly reduced in value , the government of Nauru has resorted to unusual measures to obtain income . In the 1990s ,
eos With the exhaustion of phosphate reserves , Nauru environment severely degraded by mining , and the trust established to manage Nauru wealth significantly reduced in value , the government of Nauru has resorted to unusual measures to obtain income . In the 1990s , Nauru briefly became a tax haven and money laundering centre . Since 2001 ,
eos With the exhaustion of phosphate reserves , Nauru environment severely degraded by mining , and the trust established to manage Nauru wealth significantly reduced in value , the government of Nauru has resorted to unusual measures to obtain income . In the 1990s , Nauru briefly became a tax haven and money laundering centre . Since 2001 , Nauru has accepted aid from the Australian government ; in exchange for this aid ,
eos 
eos Nepal ( "" neˈpaːl "" ) , officially the Kingdom of Nepal , is a landlocked Himalayan country in South Asia , bordered by China ( Tibet ) to the north and by India to the south , east and west .
eos Nepal ( "" neˈpaːl "" ) , officially the Kingdom of Nepal , is a landlocked Himalayan country in South Asia , bordered by China ( Tibet ) to the north and by India to the south , east and west . Nepal is a kingdom of various geographical features , and Nepal is culturally rich . More than 80 % of Nepalese follow Hinduism , which is higher than the percentage of Indian Hindus , making
eos More than 80 % of Nepalese follow Hinduism , which is higher than the percentage of Indian Hindus , making Nepal the single most Hinduic nation in the world . For a small territory , the Nepali landscape is uncommonly diverse , ranging from the humid Terai in the south to the lofty Himalayas in the north .
eos The other main cities include Bharatpur , Biratnagar , Bhairahawa , Birgunj , Janakpur , Pokhara , Nepalgunj , and Mahendranagar . The origin of the name Nepal is uncertain , but the most popular understanding is that it derived from Ne ( holy ) and pal ( cave ) . After a long and rich history , during which the region splintered and coalesced under a variety of absolute rulers ,
eos After a long and rich history , during which the region splintered and coalesced under a variety of absolute rulers , Nepal became a constitutional monarchy in 1990 . However , the monarchy retained many important and ill - defined powers . This arrangement was marked by increasing instability , both in the parliament and , since 1996 , in large swathes of
eos They have sought to overthrow feudal institutions , including the monarchy , and establish a republic . This has led to the ongoing Nepalese Civil War in which more than 13,000 people have died . On the pretext of quashing the insurgents , who now control about 60 % of
eos He then unilaterally declared a state of emergency early in 2005 , and assumed all executive powers . Following the Loktantra Andolan , the king agreed to relinquish the sovereign power back to the people and reinstated the dissolved House of Representatives on april 24 , 2006 . Using its newly acquired sovereign authority , on May 19 , 2006 , the newly resumed House of Representatives unanimously passed a motion to curtail the power of the king and declared
eos Following the Loktantra Andolan , the king agreed to relinquish the sovereign power back to the people and reinstated the dissolved House of Representatives on april 24 , 2006 . Using its newly acquired sovereign authority , on May 19 , 2006 , the newly resumed House of Representatives unanimously passed a motion to curtail the power of the king and declared Nepal a secular state . As of september , 2006 , a complete rewrite of
eos 
eos ˈne : dərlɑnt "" ) is the European part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands ( Dutch : Koninkrijk der Nederlanden ) , which is formed by
eos ( Dutch : Koninkrijk der Nederlanden ) , which is formed by Netherlands , the Netherlands Antilles , and Aruba .
eos Koninkrijk der Nederlanden ) , which is formed by Netherlands , the Netherlands Antilles , and Aruba . Netherlands is a constitutional monarchy , located in northwestern Europe .
eos Netherlands is bordered by the North Sea to the north and west , Belgium to the south , and Germany to the east . The current borders were established in 1839 .
eos Netherlands is often referred to by the name Holland . This is not terminologically precise , since the provinces of North and South Holland in the western Netherlands are only two of the country 's twelve provinces ( for more on this and other naming issues see Netherlands ( terminology ) ) .
eos Netherlands is also sometimes known as the Low Countries , which is the meaning of the original Dutch title Nederlanden . The Dutch title has now changed to Nederland , the Low Country , but this version has not been adopted in the English language . Netherlands is a densely populated and geographically low - lying country ( Netherlands name literally means ` ` low countries '' or ` ` low lands '' ) and Netherlands is popularly known for
eos Netherlands is also sometimes known as the Low Countries , which is the meaning of the original Dutch title Nederlanden . The Dutch title has now changed to Nederland , the Low Country , but this version has not been adopted in the English language .
eos Netherlands is also sometimes known as the Low Countries , which is the meaning of the original Dutch title Nederlanden . The Dutch title has now changed to Nederland , the Low Country , but this version has not been adopted in the English language . Netherlands is a densely populated and geographically low - lying country (
eos The Dutch title has now changed to Nederland , the Low Country , but this version has not been adopted in the English language . Netherlands is a densely populated and geographically low - lying country ( Netherlands name literally means ` ` low countries '' or ` ` low lands '' ) and Netherlands is popularly known for Netherlands windmills , cheese , clogs ( wooden shoes ) , dikes , tulips , bicycles and social tolerance .
eos Netherlands is a densely populated and geographically low - lying country ( Netherlands name literally means ` ` low countries '' or ` ` low lands '' ) and Netherlands is popularly known for Netherlands windmills , cheese , clogs ( wooden shoes ) , dikes , tulips , bicycles and social tolerance . Netherlands policies are liberal toward drugs , prostitution , same - sex marriage , abortion and euthanasia .
eos 
eos Nouvelle - Calédonie or Territoire des Nouvelle - Calédonie et Dependances ; popular names : Kanaky , Le caillou ) , is a ` ` sui generis collectivity '' ( in practice an overseas territory ) of France , made up of a main island ( Grande Terre ) and several smaller islands .
eos Kanaky , Le caillou ) , is a ` ` sui generis collectivity '' ( in practice an overseas territory ) of France , made up of a main island ( Grande Terre ) and several smaller islands . New_Caledonia is located in the region of Melanesia in the southwest Pacific . At about half the size of Taiwan ,
eos At about half the size of Taiwan , New_Caledonia has a land area of 18,575.5 square kilometres ( 7,172 sq mi ) . The population at the 2004 census was 230,789 inhabitants .
eos The population at the 2004 census was 230,789 inhabitants . New_Caledonia has an Internet country code top - level domain ( ccTLD ) of nc The capital and largest city of
eos The capital and largest city of New_Caledonia is Nouméa . The currency is the CFP franc . Since 1986 the United Nations Committee on Decolonization has included
eos The currency is the CFP franc . Since 1986 the United Nations Committee on Decolonization has included New_Caledonia on the United Nations list of Non - Self - Governing Territories .
eos Since 1986 the United Nations Committee on Decolonization has included New_Caledonia on the United Nations list of Non - Self - Governing Territories . New_Caledonia will decide whether to remain within the French Republic or become an independent state in a referendum sometime after 2014 .
eos 
eos New_Zealand is a country in the southwestern Pacific Ocean comprising two large islands ( the North Island and the South Island ) and numerous smaller islands , most notably Stewart Island and the Chatham Islands . In Māori ,
eos In Māori , New_Zealand is also known as Aotearao , which is usually paraphrased in English as the Land of the Long White Cloud . The Realm of New Zealand also includes the Cook Islands and Niue , which are self - governing , but in free association ; Tokelau ; and the Ross Dependency (
eos The Realm of New Zealand also includes the Cook Islands and Niue , which are self - governing , but in free association ; Tokelau ; and the Ross Dependency ( New_Zealand territorial claim in Antarctica ) .
eos New_Zealand , along with Hawai'i and Rapa Nui ( Easter Island ) form what is known by anthropologists as the Triangle of Polynesia .
eos New_Zealand , along with Hawai'i and Rapa Nui ( Easter Island ) form what is known by anthropologists as the Triangle of Polynesia . New_Zealand is notable for
eos ( Easter Island ) form what is known by anthropologists as the Triangle of Polynesia . New_Zealand is notable for New_Zealand geographic isolation , being separated from Australia to the northwest by the Tasman Sea , some 2000 kilometres ( 1250 miles ) across .
eos The population is mostly of European descent , with the indigenous Māori being the largest minority . Non - Māori Polynesian and Asian people are also significant minorities , especially in the cities . Elizabeth II , as the Queen of
eos Non - Māori Polynesian and Asian people are also significant minorities , especially in the cities . Elizabeth II , as the Queen of New_Zealand , is the nominal Head of State and is represented , in her absence , by a non - partisan Governor - General ; the Queen ` reigns but does not rule ' , so she has no real political influence . Political power is held by the democratically - elected Parliament of
eos 
eos ( "" Spanish : República de Nicaragua "" , IPA "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðe nika ` raɰwa "" "" ) is a democratic republic in Central America .
eos ( "" Spanish : República de Nicaragua "" , IPA "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðe nika ` raɰwa "" "" ) is a democratic republic in Central America . Nicaragua is the largest nation in the isthmus , but also the least densely populated with a demographic similar in size to
eos "" re ` puβlika ðe nika ` raɰwa "" "" ) is a democratic republic in Central America . Nicaragua is the largest nation in the isthmus , but also the least densely populated with a demographic similar in size to Nicaragua smaller neighbours .
eos Nicaragua is the largest nation in the isthmus , but also the least densely populated with a demographic similar in size to Nicaragua smaller neighbours . Nicaragua is bordered on the north by Honduras and on the south by Costa Rica .
eos Nicaragua is the largest nation in the isthmus , but also the least densely populated with a demographic similar in size to Nicaragua smaller neighbours . Nicaragua is bordered on the north by Honduras and on the south by Costa Rica . Nicaragua western coastline is on the Pacific Ocean , while the east side of
eos Nicaragua is bordered on the north by Honduras and on the south by Costa Rica . Nicaragua western coastline is on the Pacific Ocean , while the east side of Nicaragua is on the Caribbean Sea .
eos 
eos Niger , officially the Republic of Niger , is a landlocked sub - Saharan country in Western Africa , named after the Niger River .
eos Niger borders Nigeria and Benin to the south , Burkina Faso and Mali to the west , Algeria and Libya to the north and Chad to the east . The capital city is Niamey .
eos The capital city is Niamey . Niger proper English pronunciation ( in IPA ) is "" IPA : / niːˈʒɛə ( ɹ ) / "" , although "" IPA : / ˈnaɪdʒə ( ɹ ) / "" is also acceptable .
eos However , there are instances of Nigerois having been used adjectively . CNN and other news sources often circumvent using the adjective altogether , using the noun instead , eg ` the Niger parliament ' , ` Niger leader slain ' or ` Niger 's capital ' , ` Niger 's people ' . The citizens of
eos 
eos ( Norfuk : Norfuk Ailen ) is a small inhabited island in the Pacific Ocean located between Australia , New Zealand and New Caledonia , and along with two neighbouring islands Norfolk_Island forms one of Australia 's external territories . The Norfolk Island pine , a symbol of
eos ( Norfuk : Norfuk Ailen ) is a small inhabited island in the Pacific Ocean located between Australia , New Zealand and New Caledonia , and along with two neighbouring islands Norfolk_Island forms one of Australia 's external territories . The Norfolk Island pine , a symbol of Norfolk_Island pictured in
eos ( Norfuk : Norfuk Ailen ) is a small inhabited island in the Pacific Ocean located between Australia , New Zealand and New Caledonia , and along with two neighbouring islands Norfolk_Island forms one of Australia 's external territories . The Norfolk Island pine , a symbol of Norfolk_Island pictured in Norfolk_Island flag , is a striking evergreen tree endemic to
eos 
eos Northern_Mariana_Islands , officially the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands ( CNMI ) , is a commonwealth in political union with the United States of America at a strategic location in the western Pacific Ocean .
eos Northern_Mariana_Islands , officially the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands ( CNMI ) , is a commonwealth in political union with the United States of America at a strategic location in the western Pacific Ocean . Northern_Mariana_Islands consists of 15 islands about three - quarters of the way from Hawaii to the Philippines , at 15 ° 1 ' 2N , 145 ° 4 ' 5E .
eos 
eos Norway is a Nordic country on the western portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula , located in Europe , and bordering Sweden , Finland and Russia .
eos Norway is a Nordic country on the western portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula , located in Europe , and bordering Sweden , Finland and Russia . Norway has a very elongated shape ;
eos Norway is a Nordic country on the western portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula , located in Europe , and bordering Sweden , Finland and Russia . Norway has a very elongated shape ; Norway extensive coastline along the North Atlantic Ocean is home to
eos Norway is a Nordic country on the western portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula , located in Europe , and bordering Sweden , Finland and Russia . Norway has a very elongated shape ; Norway extensive coastline along the North Atlantic Ocean is home to Norway famous fjords .
eos Norway also includes the Arctic island territories of Svalbard and Jan Mayen . The Norwegian sovereignty on Svalbard is based on the Svalbard Treaty , but this does not apply to Jan Mayen . Bouvet Island in the South Atlantic Ocean and a claim for Peter I Island in the South Pacific Ocean are also external dependencies , but these are not part of
eos The Norwegian sovereignty on Svalbard is based on the Svalbard Treaty , but this does not apply to Jan Mayen . Bouvet Island in the South Atlantic Ocean and a claim for Peter I Island in the South Pacific Ocean are also external dependencies , but these are not part of Norway .
eos The Norwegian sovereignty on Svalbard is based on the Svalbard Treaty , but this does not apply to Jan Mayen . Bouvet Island in the South Atlantic Ocean and a claim for Peter I Island in the South Pacific Ocean are also external dependencies , but these are not part of Norway . Norway also claims Queen Maud Land in Antarctica where
eos 
eos Oman ( Standard Arabic : سلطنة عُمان , Saltanat ˤUmān ) is a country in Southwest Asia , on the southeast coast of the Arabian Peninsula .
eos Oman borders the United Arab Emirates in the northwest , Saudi Arabia in the west , and Yemen in the southwest . The coast is formed by the Arabian Sea in the south and east , and the Gulf of Oman in the northeast .
eos 
eos Palau , officially the Republic of Palau , is an island nation in the Pacific Ocean , some 500 miles ( 800 km ) east of the Philippines . Having emerged from United Nations trusteeship ( administered by the United States ) in 1994 ,
eos Palau , officially the Republic of Palau , is an island nation in the Pacific Ocean , some 500 miles ( 800 km ) east of the Philippines . Having emerged from United Nations trusteeship ( administered by the United States ) in 1994 , Palau is one of the world 's youngest and smallest nations .
eos Palau , officially the Republic of Palau , is an island nation in the Pacific Ocean , some 500 miles ( 800 km ) east of the Philippines . Having emerged from United Nations trusteeship ( administered by the United States ) in 1994 , Palau is one of the world 's youngest and smallest nations . Palau is sometimes referred to in English under
eos 
eos ( Spanish : República de Panamá , IPA "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðe pana ` ma "" "" ) , is the southernmost and most developed country of Central America . A transcontinental country ,
eos , IPA "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðe pana ` ma "" "" ) , is the southernmost and most developed country of Central America . A transcontinental country , Panama isthmus constitutes the southernmost part of a natural land bridge between the continents of North America and South America .
eos 
eos Papua_New_Guinea ( PNG ) , officially the Independent State of Papua New Guinea , is a country in Oceania , occupying the eastern half of the island of New Guinea and numerous offshore islands ( the western portion of the island is occupied by the Indonesian provinces of Papua and West Irian Jaya ) .
eos Papua_New_Guinea ( PNG ) , officially the Independent State of Papua New Guinea , is a country in Oceania , occupying the eastern half of the island of New Guinea and numerous offshore islands ( the western portion of the island is occupied by the Indonesian provinces of Papua and West Irian Jaya ) . Papua_New_Guinea is located in the southwestern Pacific Ocean , in a region defined since the early 19th century as Melanesia .
eos Papua_New_Guinea ( PNG ) , officially the Independent State of Papua New Guinea , is a country in Oceania , occupying the eastern half of the island of New Guinea and numerous offshore islands ( the western portion of the island is occupied by the Indonesian provinces of Papua and West Irian Jaya ) . Papua_New_Guinea is located in the southwestern Pacific Ocean , in a region defined since the early 19th century as Melanesia . Papua_New_Guinea capital , and one of
eos Papua_New_Guinea is located in the southwestern Pacific Ocean , in a region defined since the early 19th century as Melanesia . Papua_New_Guinea capital , and one of Papua_New_Guinea few major cities , is Port Moresby .
eos Papua_New_Guinea capital , and one of Papua_New_Guinea few major cities , is Port Moresby . Papua_New_Guinea is one of the most diverse countries on Earth , with over 850 indigenous languages and at least as many traditional societies , out of a population of just under 6 million .
eos Papua_New_Guinea capital , and one of Papua_New_Guinea few major cities , is Port Moresby . Papua_New_Guinea is one of the most diverse countries on Earth , with over 850 indigenous languages and at least as many traditional societies , out of a population of just under 6 million . Papua_New_Guinea is also one of the most rural , with only 18 per cent of
eos Papua_New_Guinea is one of the most diverse countries on Earth , with over 850 indigenous languages and at least as many traditional societies , out of a population of just under 6 million . Papua_New_Guinea is also one of the most rural , with only 18 per cent of Papua_New_Guinea people living in urban centres .
eos Papua_New_Guinea is one of the most diverse countries on Earth , with over 850 indigenous languages and at least as many traditional societies , out of a population of just under 6 million . Papua_New_Guinea is also one of the most rural , with only 18 per cent of Papua_New_Guinea people living in urban centres . Papua_New_Guinea is also one of the world 's least explored , culturally and geographically , and many undiscovered species of plants and animals are thought to exist in the interior of
eos Papua_New_Guinea is also one of the world 's least explored , culturally and geographically , and many undiscovered species of plants and animals are thought to exist in the interior of Papua_New_Guinea . The majority of the population live in traditional societies and practise subsistence - based agriculture . These societies and clans have some explicit acknowledgement within
eos The PNG Constitution ( Preamble 5 ( 4 ) ) expresses the wish for traditional villages and communities to remain as viable units of Papua New Guinean society , and for active steps to be taken in their preservation . The PNG legislature has enacted various laws in which a type of tenure called ` ` customary land title '' is recognised , meaning that the traditional lands of the indigenous peoples have some legal basis to inalienable tenure . This customary land notionally covers most of the usable land in
eos This customary land notionally covers most of the usable land in Papua_New_Guinea ( some 97 % of total land area ) ; alienated land is either held privately under State Lease or is government land . Freehold Title ( also known as fee simple ) can only be held by Papua New Guinea citizens .
eos A spine of mountains runs the length of the island of New Guinea , forming a populous highlands region . Dense rainforests can be found in the lowland and coastal areas . This terrain has made it difficult for
eos This terrain has made it difficult for Papua_New_Guinea to develop transportation infrastructure . In some areas , planes are the only mode of transport . After being colonised by three external powers since 1888 ,
eos This terrain has made it difficult for Papua_New_Guinea to develop transportation infrastructure . In some areas , planes are the only mode of transport . After being colonised by three external powers since 1888 , Papua_New_Guinea gained
eos 
eos IPA "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika del para ` ɣwaj "" "" , Guarani : Tetã Paraguái ) , is a landlocked country in South America .
eos 
eos IPA "" IPA : "" repuβlika del peɾu "" "" , Quechua : Piruw ) , is a country in western South America , bordering Ecuador and Colombia to the north , Brazil to the east , Bolivia to the south - east , Chile to the south , and the Pacific Ocean to the west . In addition to being known as the cradle of the Inca empire ,
eos Quechua : Piruw ) , is a country in western South America , bordering Ecuador and Colombia to the north , Brazil to the east , Bolivia to the south - east , Chile to the south , and the Pacific Ocean to the west . In addition to being known as the cradle of the Inca empire , Peru is the home of many indigenous ethnic groups .
eos 
eos Pitcairn_Islands ( Pitkern : Pitkern Ailen ) , officially named the Pitcairn , Henderson , Ducie , and Oeno Islands , are a group of four islands in the southern Pacific Ocean .
eos Pitcairn_Islands are a British overseas territory ( formerly British colony ) , the last remaining in the Pacific . Only Pitcairn Island - the second largest - is inhabited .
eos Pitcairn_Islands are best known for being the home of the descendants of the Bounty mutineers and the Tahitians who accompanied them , an event retold in numerous books and films . This story is still apparent in the surnames of many of the islanders . With only about fifty inhabitants ( from nine families ) ,
eos Pitcairn_Islands are best known for being the home of the descendants of the Bounty mutineers and the Tahitians who accompanied them , an event retold in numerous books and films . This story is still apparent in the surnames of many of the islanders . With only about fifty inhabitants ( from nine families ) , Pitcairn_Islands is also notable for being the least populated jurisdiction in the world ( although
eos This story is still apparent in the surnames of many of the islanders . With only about fifty inhabitants ( from nine families ) , Pitcairn_Islands is also notable for being the least populated jurisdiction in the world ( although Pitcairn_Islands is not a sovereign nation ) . The United Nations Committee on Decolonisation includes
eos 
eos , IPA "" IPA : "" esˈtaðo ˈlibɾe asoˈsjaðo de ˈpweɾto ˈriko "" "" ) , also Porto Rico ( archaic ) and more commonly Puerto Rico , is a United States territory with Commonwealth status located in the northeastern Caribbean , east of the Dominican Republic and west of the Virgin Islands .
eos Porto Rico ( archaic ) and more commonly Puerto Rico , is a United States territory with Commonwealth status located in the northeastern Caribbean , east of the Dominican Republic and west of the Virgin Islands . Puerto_Rico includes the main island of Puerto Rico , the smallest of the Greater Antilles , and a number of smaller islands and keys , the largest of which are Mona , Vieques , and Culebra . The nature of
eos Porto Rico ( archaic ) and more commonly Puerto Rico , is a United States territory with Commonwealth status located in the northeastern Caribbean , east of the Dominican Republic and west of the Virgin Islands . Puerto_Rico includes the main island of Puerto Rico , the smallest of the Greater Antilles , and a number of smaller islands and keys , the largest of which are Mona , Vieques , and Culebra . The nature of Puerto_Rico political relationship with the United States is the subject of ongoing debate in
eos Puerto_Rico includes the main island of Puerto Rico , the smallest of the Greater Antilles , and a number of smaller islands and keys , the largest of which are Mona , Vieques , and Culebra . The nature of Puerto_Rico political relationship with the United States is the subject of ongoing debate in Puerto_Rico and also in the United Nations . Those who support maintaining the status quo ( ie , Commonwealth status ) insist that upon attaining this status ,
eos Puerto_Rico includes the main island of Puerto Rico , the smallest of the Greater Antilles , and a number of smaller islands and keys , the largest of which are Mona , Vieques , and Culebra . The nature of Puerto_Rico political relationship with the United States is the subject of ongoing debate in Puerto_Rico and also in the United Nations . Those who support maintaining the status quo ( ie , Commonwealth status ) insist that upon attaining this status , Puerto_Rico entered into a voluntary association with the US ` ` in the nature of a compact '' , but according to a President 's Task Force report ,
eos 
eos Qatar ( Arabic : قطر "" IPA : ˈqɑ̱tɑ̱r "" ) , officially the State of Qatar ( Arabic : دولة قطر , Dawlat Qatar ) , is an emirate in the Middle East and Western Asia , occupying the small Qatar Peninsula on the northeasterly coast of the larger Arabian Peninsula .
eos Qatar ( Arabic : قطر "" IPA : ˈqɑ̱tɑ̱r "" ) , officially the State of Qatar ( Arabic : دولة قطر , Dawlat Qatar ) , is an emirate in the Middle East and Western Asia , occupying the small Qatar Peninsula on the northeasterly coast of the larger Arabian Peninsula . Qatar is bordered by Saudi Arabia to the south ; otherwise the Persian Gulf surrounds
eos 
eos Republic_of_China (
eos Tongyong Pinyin : Jhonghuá Mínguó "" ) is a state in East Asia .
eos is a state in East Asia . Republic_of_China was formerly the national government of all China . However ,
eos is a state in East Asia . Republic_of_China was formerly the national government of all China . However , Republic_of_China lost control of the mainland to the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) as a result of the Chinese Civil War in 1949 , and since then
eos Republic_of_China was formerly the national government of all China . However , Republic_of_China lost control of the mainland to the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) as a result of the Chinese Civil War in 1949 , and since then Republic_of_China administration has been restricted to the island groups of Taiwan ( Formosa ) , the Pescadores , Kinmen , and Matsu . Over subsequent decades ,
eos However , Republic_of_China lost control of the mainland to the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) as a result of the Chinese Civil War in 1949 , and since then Republic_of_China administration has been restricted to the island groups of Taiwan ( Formosa ) , the Pescadores , Kinmen , and Matsu . Over subsequent decades , Republic_of_China has been commonly referred to as ` ` Taiwan '' , and since the late 1970 's the name ` ` China '' has been increasingly used to refer to the People 's Republic of China . For political reasons ,
eos Over subsequent decades , Republic_of_China has been commonly referred to as ` ` Taiwan '' , and since the late 1970 's the name ` ` China '' has been increasingly used to refer to the People 's Republic of China . For political reasons , Republic_of_China is commonly referred to as ` ` Chinese Taipei '' in international organizations .
eos For political reasons , Republic_of_China is commonly referred to as ` ` Chinese Taipei '' in international organizations . Republic_of_China was established in 1912 , replacing the last Chinese dynasty ( the Qing ) and ending over 2,000 years of imperial rule in China .
eos Republic_of_China was established in 1912 , replacing the last Chinese dynasty ( the Qing ) and ending over 2,000 years of imperial rule in China . Republic_of_China is thus the oldest surviving republic in East Asia . The rule of
eos Republic_of_China is thus the oldest surviving republic in East Asia . The rule of Republic_of_China in Mainland China was scarred by warlordism , Japanese invasion as a predecessor to World War II , and civil war . Major fighting in the civil war ended in 1950 with the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) in control of most of Mainland China , and
eos Major fighting in the civil war ended in 1950 with the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) in control of most of Mainland China , and Republic_of_China in control of Taiwan and several offshore islands ( Kinmen , Penghu , and Matsu ) . The CPC proclaimed a new state , the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) in Beijing in 1949 .
eos Major fighting in the civil war ended in 1950 with the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) in control of most of Mainland China , and Republic_of_China in control of Taiwan and several offshore islands ( Kinmen , Penghu , and Matsu ) . The CPC proclaimed a new state , the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) in Beijing in 1949 . Republic_of_China on Taiwan continued to regard
eos Republic_of_China on Taiwan continued to regard Republic_of_China as the sole and legitimate government of all of China . This was a claim recognized by most states until the late 1970s . Starting in 1928 ,
eos 
eos Republic_of_Ireland ( "" Irish : Poblacht na hÉireann "" ) is the official description of the sovereign state which covers approximately five - sixths of the island of Ireland , off the coast of north - west Europe .
eos ( "" Irish : Poblacht na hÉireann "" ) is the official description of the sovereign state which covers approximately five - sixths of the island of Ireland , off the coast of north - west Europe . Republic_of_Ireland official name is Ireland ( "" Irish : Éire "" ) , and this is how international organisations and residents usually refer to
eos Republic_of_Ireland official name is Ireland ( "" Irish : Éire "" ) , and this is how international organisations and residents usually refer to Republic_of_Ireland .
eos 
eos Republic_of_Macedonia ( "" Macedonian : Република Македонија "" / Republika Makedonija , "" Albanian : Republika e Maqedonisë "" ) , often referred to as Macedonia , is a landlocked country on the Balkan peninsula in southeastern Europe .
eos Republic_of_Macedonia ( "" Macedonian : Република Македонија "" / Republika Makedonija , "" Albanian : Republika e Maqedonisë "" ) , often referred to as Macedonia , is a landlocked country on the Balkan peninsula in southeastern Europe . Republic_of_Macedonia borders Serbia to the north , Albania to the west , Greece to the south , and Bulgaria to the east . As the result of a naming dispute with Greece , in 1993
eos As the result of a naming dispute with Greece , in 1993 Republic_of_Macedonia was admitted to the United Nations under the provisional name the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ( FYROM ) , pending resolution of the dispute . The capital is Skopje , with more than 600,000 inhabitants , and there are a number of smaller cities , notably Bitola , Prilep , Tetovo , Kumanovo , Ohrid , Veles , Štip , Gostivar and Strumica .
eos The capital is Skopje , with more than 600,000 inhabitants , and there are a number of smaller cities , notably Bitola , Prilep , Tetovo , Kumanovo , Ohrid , Veles , Štip , Gostivar and Strumica . Republic_of_Macedonia has more than 50 natural and artificial lakes and sixteen mountains higher than 2,000 meters ( 6,550 ft ) above sea level .
eos Republic_of_Macedonia has more than 50 natural and artificial lakes and sixteen mountains higher than 2,000 meters ( 6,550 ft ) above sea level . Republic_of_Macedonia is a member of the UN and the Council of Europe and an associate member of La Francophonie , the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe . Since december 2005
eos 
eos Republic_of_the_Congo , also known as Congo - Brazzaville ( locally , ` ` Congo - Brazza '' ) and Congo , is a former French colony of western - central Africa .
eos 
eos ( French : La Réunion ) is an island and overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , or DOM ) of France , located in the Indian Ocean east of Madagascar , about 200 km southwest of Mauritius , the nearest island . Like the other DOMs ,
eos La Réunion ) is an island and overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , or DOM ) of France , located in the Indian Ocean east of Madagascar , about 200 km southwest of Mauritius , the nearest island . Like the other DOMs , Reunion is also one of the 26 régions of France with the same status as those situated on the European mainland . As part of France ,
eos La Réunion ) is an island and overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , or DOM ) of France , located in the Indian Ocean east of Madagascar , about 200 km southwest of Mauritius , the nearest island . Like the other DOMs , Reunion is also one of the 26 régions of France with the same status as those situated on the European mainland . As part of France , Reunion is part of the European Union , and thus the currency used is the euro ( in fact , due to varying time zones in the European Union ,
eos 
eos ( Romanian : România "" IPA : / romɨnia / "" ) is a country in Southeastern Europe .
eos România "" IPA : / romɨnia / "" ) is a country in Southeastern Europe . Romania borders Hungary and Serbia to the west , Ukraine and Moldova to the northeast , and Bulgaria to the south .
eos România "" IPA : / romɨnia / "" ) is a country in Southeastern Europe . Romania borders Hungary and Serbia to the west , Ukraine and Moldova to the northeast , and Bulgaria to the south . Romania has a stretch of sea coast along the Black Sea , and the eastern and southern Carpathian mountains run through
eos Romania borders Hungary and Serbia to the west , Ukraine and Moldova to the northeast , and Bulgaria to the south . Romania has a stretch of sea coast along the Black Sea , and the eastern and southern Carpathian mountains run through Romania center . Historic Bucharest ( Romanian : Bucureşti / bukureʃt / ) is
eos Romania has a stretch of sea coast along the Black Sea , and the eastern and southern Carpathian mountains run through Romania center . Historic Bucharest ( Romanian : Bucureşti / bukureʃt / ) is Romania capital and largest city .
eos Historic Bucharest ( Romanian : Bucureşti / bukureʃt / ) is Romania capital and largest city . Romania has been an active member of NATO since 2004 , and Romania is also an acceding country to the European Union . The EU Accession Treaty was signed in early 2005 , and
eos Romania has been an active member of NATO since 2004 , and Romania is also an acceding country to the European Union . The EU Accession Treaty was signed in early 2005 , and Romania is due to join the European Union on january 1 , 2007 . Starting on january 1 , 2007 ,
eos 
eos Rwanda "" IPA : ɾ ( g ) wɑndɑ "" , officially the Republic of Rwanda , is a small landlocked country in the Great Lakes region of east - central Africa , with a population of approximately 8 million .
eos Rwanda "" IPA : ɾ ( g ) wɑndɑ "" , officially the Republic of Rwanda , is a small landlocked country in the Great Lakes region of east - central Africa , with a population of approximately 8 million . Rwanda is bordered by Uganda , Burundi , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Tanzania .
eos Rwanda "" IPA : ɾ ( g ) wɑndɑ "" , officially the Republic of Rwanda , is a small landlocked country in the Great Lakes region of east - central Africa , with a population of approximately 8 million . Rwanda is bordered by Uganda , Burundi , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Tanzania . Rwanda fertile and hilly terrain , which gives
eos "" IPA : / peidemilkɔlin / "" ) ( Igihugu cy'Imisozi Igihumbi in Kinyarwanda ) , supports the densest populations in continental Africa .
eos ( Igihugu cy'Imisozi Igihumbi in Kinyarwanda ) , supports the densest populations in continental Africa . Rwanda is best known to the outside world for the 1994 Rwandan genocide that resulted in the deaths of up to one million people . Dependence on subsistence agriculture , high ( and increasing ) population density , decreasing soil fertility and uncertain climate make
eos 
eos Saint_Kitts_and_Nevis , officially the Federation of Saint Christopher and Nevis ( or the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis ) , located in the Leeward Islands , is a unitary island nation in the Caribbean and the smallest nation in the Americas in both area and population . The capital city and government for
eos The smaller state of Nevis ( formerly named : Nuestra Señora de las Nieves ) lies about 3 km southeast of Saint Kitts . Historically the British dependency of Anguilla was also a part of this union , which was then known collectively as Saint Christopher - Nevis - Anguilla . Although
eos The smaller state of Nevis ( formerly named : Nuestra Señora de las Nieves ) lies about 3 km southeast of Saint Kitts . Historically the British dependency of Anguilla was also a part of this union , which was then known collectively as Saint Christopher - Nevis - Anguilla . Although Saint_Kitts_and_Nevis are geographically within the Leeward Islands ,
eos To the north - northwest lie the islands of Saint Eustatius , Saba , Saint Barthélemy , and Saint Martin . To the northeast are Antigua and Barbuda , and to the south - east is Montserrat . Both the names Saint Christopher and Saint Kitts are given in the Constitution of
eos To the northeast are Antigua and Barbuda , and to the south - east is Montserrat . Both the names Saint Christopher and Saint Kitts are given in the Constitution of Saint_Kitts_and_Nevis .
eos Both the names Saint Christopher and Saint Kitts are given in the Constitution of Saint_Kitts_and_Nevis . Saint_Kitts_and_Nevis is the smallest ( in population ) member of the United Nations in the American continent . Owing to the United Nations ` one state , one vote ' system ,
eos 
eos Saint_Lucia is an island nation in the eastern Caribbean Sea on the boundary with the Atlantic Ocean . Part of the Lesser Antilles ,
eos Saint_Lucia is an island nation in the eastern Caribbean Sea on the boundary with the Atlantic Ocean . Part of the Lesser Antilles , Saint_Lucia is located north of the islands of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , north west of Barbados and south of Martinique .
eos Part of the Lesser Antilles , Saint_Lucia is located north of the islands of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , north west of Barbados and south of Martinique . Saint_Lucia is also known as the ` ` Helen of the West '' .
eos Saint_Lucia is one of the Windward Islands . Named for the Roman Catholic Saint Lucy of Syracuse .
eos Named for the Roman Catholic Saint Lucy of Syracuse . Saint_Lucia was first visited by Europeans in about the year 1500 and first colonized successfully by France who signed a treaty with the native Carib peoples in 1660 . England then took control of
eos Named for the Roman Catholic Saint Lucy of Syracuse . Saint_Lucia was first visited by Europeans in about the year 1500 and first colonized successfully by France who signed a treaty with the native Carib peoples in 1660 . England then took control of Saint_Lucia from 1663 - 1667 before going to war with France over
eos Saint_Lucia was first visited by Europeans in about the year 1500 and first colonized successfully by France who signed a treaty with the native Carib peoples in 1660 . England then took control of Saint_Lucia from 1663 - 1667 before going to war with France over Saint_Lucia fourteen times . The British finally took complete control of
eos England then took control of Saint_Lucia from 1663 - 1667 before going to war with France over Saint_Lucia fourteen times . The British finally took complete control of Saint_Lucia in 1814 . Representative government came about in 1924 ( with universal adult suffrage from 1953 ) and from 1958 to 1962
eos The British finally took complete control of Saint_Lucia in 1814 . Representative government came about in 1924 ( with universal adult suffrage from 1953 ) and from 1958 to 1962 Saint_Lucia was a member of the Federation of the West Indies . Lastly , on february 22 , 1979
eos The British finally took complete control of Saint_Lucia in 1814 . Representative government came about in 1924 ( with universal adult suffrage from 1953 ) and from 1958 to 1962 Saint_Lucia was a member of the Federation of the West Indies . Lastly , on february 22 , 1979 Saint_Lucia became an independent state of the Commonwealth of Nations ,
eos 
eos San_Marino ( Italian : Serenissima Repubblica di San Marino ) is the third smallest nation in Europe ( after Monaco and the Holy See ) . Located in southern Europe ,
eos San_Marino ( Italian : Serenissima Repubblica di San Marino ) is the third smallest nation in Europe ( after Monaco and the Holy See ) . Located in southern Europe , San_Marino is an enclave surrounded by Italy , and San_Marino is one of the European microstates .
eos Located in southern Europe , San_Marino is an enclave surrounded by Italy , and San_Marino is one of the European microstates . San_Marino is the oldest constitutional republic in the world still in existence today .
eos San_Marino is the oldest constitutional republic in the world still in existence today . San_Marino was founded in AD 301 by Marinus of Rab , a Christian stonemason fleeing the religious persecution of Roman Emperor Diocletian .
eos San_Marino was founded in AD 301 by Marinus of Rab , a Christian stonemason fleeing the religious persecution of Roman Emperor Diocletian . San_Marino is the fifth least - populous sovereign country in the world ( larger only than the Vatican City , Tuvalu , Nauru , and Palau ) .
eos San_Marino is the smallest member of the Western European and Others Group ( WEOG ) unofficial political - geographical grouping of the United Nations .
eos ( WEOG ) unofficial political - geographical grouping of the United Nations . San_Marino is also the smallest non - English speaking member of the United Nations .
eos 
eos "" IPA : sɐ̃w̃tumɛi pɾı̃sɨpɨ "" / ) , officially the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe , is an island nation in the Gulf of Guinea , off the western equatorial coast of Africa .
eos São Tomé , the sizable southern island , is situated almost exactly on the equator . It is named after Saint Thomas by Portuguese explorers who discovered the island on his feast day .
eos Sao_Tome_and_Principe is the second smallest ( in terms of population ) African country ( larger only than Seychelles ) .
eos African country ( larger only than Seychelles ) . Sao_Tome_and_Principe is the smallest country in the world that is not a former US trusteeship , a former UK dependency , or a European microstate .
eos 
eos Saudi_Arabia ( "" Arabic : المملكة العربية السعودية "" ) is the largest country on the Arabian Peninsula .
eos Saudi_Arabia ( "" Arabic : المملكة العربية السعودية "" ) is the largest country on the Arabian Peninsula . Saudi_Arabia borders Jordan on the northwest , Iraq on the north and northeast , Kuwait , Qatar , Bahrain , and the United Arab Emirates on the east , Oman on the southeast , and Yemen on the south , with the Persian Gulf to
eos Saudi_Arabia ( "" Arabic : المملكة العربية السعودية "" ) is the largest country on the Arabian Peninsula . Saudi_Arabia borders Jordan on the northwest , Iraq on the north and northeast , Kuwait , Qatar , Bahrain , and the United Arab Emirates on the east , Oman on the southeast , and Yemen on the south , with the Persian Gulf to Saudi_Arabia northeast and the Red Sea to
eos Saudi_Arabia ( "" Arabic : المملكة العربية السعودية "" ) is the largest country on the Arabian Peninsula . Saudi_Arabia borders Jordan on the northwest , Iraq on the north and northeast , Kuwait , Qatar , Bahrain , and the United Arab Emirates on the east , Oman on the southeast , and Yemen on the south , with the Persian Gulf to Saudi_Arabia northeast and the Red Sea to Saudi_Arabia west .
eos Saudi_Arabia borders Jordan on the northwest , Iraq on the north and northeast , Kuwait , Qatar , Bahrain , and the United Arab Emirates on the east , Oman on the southeast , and Yemen on the south , with the Persian Gulf to Saudi_Arabia northeast and the Red Sea to Saudi_Arabia west . Saudi_Arabia is called ` ` the land of the two holy mosques '' , a reference to Mecca and Medina , Islam 's two holiest places . In English ,
eos Saudi_Arabia borders Jordan on the northwest , Iraq on the north and northeast , Kuwait , Qatar , Bahrain , and the United Arab Emirates on the east , Oman on the southeast , and Yemen on the south , with the Persian Gulf to Saudi_Arabia northeast and the Red Sea to Saudi_Arabia west . Saudi_Arabia is called ` ` the land of the two holy mosques '' , a reference to Mecca and Medina , Islam 's two holiest places . In English , Saudi_Arabia is most commonly referred to as Saudi Arabia ( pronounced / "" IPA : ˈsɒdɪ "" / or / "" IPA : ˈsaudɪ əˈɹeɪ̯bɪə "" / ) , often as just Saudi by many English - speaking expatriates in the kingdom , or , less commonly ( as in international football events or in
eos Saudi_Arabia borders Jordan on the northwest , Iraq on the north and northeast , Kuwait , Qatar , Bahrain , and the United Arab Emirates on the east , Oman on the southeast , and Yemen on the south , with the Persian Gulf to Saudi_Arabia northeast and the Red Sea to Saudi_Arabia west . Saudi_Arabia is called ` ` the land of the two holy mosques '' , a reference to Mecca and Medina , Islam 's two holiest places . In English , Saudi_Arabia is most commonly referred to as Saudi Arabia ( pronounced / "" IPA : ˈsɒdɪ "" / or / "" IPA : ˈsaudɪ əˈɹeɪ̯bɪə "" / ) , often as just Saudi by many English - speaking expatriates in the kingdom , or , less commonly ( as in international football events or in Saudi_Arabia national press ) as KSA ( Arabia is sometimes also used to refer to
eos 
eos Scattered_islands_in_the_Indian_Ocean ( French : Îles Éparses or Îles éparses de l'océan indien ) comprise four small coral islands and an atoll in the Indian Ocean .
eos Three of the islands , Glorieuses , Juan de Nova and Europa , as well as the Bassas da India atoll lie in the Mozambique Channel west of Madagascar , while the fourth island , Tromelin , is about 220 miles east of Madagascar . Also in the Mozambique Channel is Banc du Geyser , not claimed by any nation until 1976 when it was annexed by Madagascar .
eos Also in the Mozambique Channel is Banc du Geyser , not claimed by any nation until 1976 when it was annexed by Madagascar . Scattered_islands_in_the_Indian_Ocean have been classified as nature reserves .
eos The meteorological stations on the Glorioso Islands , Juan de Nova and Europa Island are automated . The station on Tromelin island in particular provides warning of cyclones threatening Madagascar , Réunion or Mauritius . Each of
eos The station on Tromelin island in particular provides warning of cyclones threatening Madagascar , Réunion or Mauritius . Each of Scattered_islands_in_the_Indian_Ocean , except Bassas da India has an airstrip of more than 1,000 metres . Mauritius , the Comoro Islands and Madagascar dispute France 's sovereignty over
eos 
eos Senegal ( "" French : le Sénégal "" ) , officially the Republic of Senegal , is a country south of the Sénégal River in western Africa .
eos Senegal ( "" French : le Sénégal "" ) , officially the Republic of Senegal , is a country south of the Sénégal River in western Africa . Senegal is bounded by the Atlantic Ocean to the west , Mauritania to the north , Mali to the east , and Guinea and Guinea - Bissau to the south . The Gambia lies almost entirely within
eos 
eos ( Serbian : "" "" or Republika Srbija , listen ) , is a landlocked country in Central and Southeastern Europe , covering the central part of the Balkan Peninsula and the southern part of the Pannonian Plain . The capital is Belgrade .
eos The Medieval Serbian Kingdom , later Empire , rose from Byzantine , Bulgarian and Hungarian patronage to become a threat to the very existence of Constantinople itself . Under a string of accomplished leaders , from Stefan Nemanja , through the Czar Stefan Dusan The Great , and culminating with the death of Prince Lazar at Kosovo in 1389 , the medieval Serbs created a political entity which today still resonates strongly in the Serbian culture . Placed under Ottoman occupation in the 15th century following the collapse of the Serbian Empire , the uprisings against Turkish occupation between 1804 - 1815 reestablished
eos The Medieval Serbian Kingdom , later Empire , rose from Byzantine , Bulgarian and Hungarian patronage to become a threat to the very existence of Constantinople itself . Under a string of accomplished leaders , from Stefan Nemanja , through the Czar Stefan Dusan The Great , and culminating with the death of Prince Lazar at Kosovo in 1389 , the medieval Serbs created a political entity which today still resonates strongly in the Serbian culture . Placed under Ottoman occupation in the 15th century following the collapse of the Serbian Empire , the uprisings against Turkish occupation between 1804 - 1815 reestablished Serbia as a state
eos Victorious in Balkan wars and World War I , for nearly a century
eos World War I , for nearly a century Serbia was part of various South Slavic states , including the Kingdom of the Serbs , Croats and Slovenes from 1918 to 1941 ( renamed to the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929 ) , the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia from 1945 to 1992 , the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia from 1992 to 2003 , and the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro from 2003 to 2006 . After Montenegro voted independence from the State Union ,
eos World War I , for nearly a century Serbia was part of various South Slavic states , including the Kingdom of the Serbs , Croats and Slovenes from 1918 to 1941 ( renamed to the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929 ) , the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia from 1945 to 1992 , the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia from 1992 to 2003 , and the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro from 2003 to 2006 . After Montenegro voted independence from the State Union , Serbia officially proclaimed
eos 
eos ( "" Malay : Republik Singapura "" ; Chinese : "" Chinese : 新加坡共和国 "" , Pinyin : Xīnjiāpō Gònghéguó ; "" Tamil : சிங்கப்பூர் குடியரசு "" , "" Tamil : Ciŋkappūr Kudiyarasu "" ) , is an island city - state and the smallest country in South - East Asia .
eos Chinese : "" Chinese : 新加坡共和国 "" , Pinyin : Xīnjiāpō Gònghéguó ; "" Tamil : சிங்கப்பூர் குடியரசு "" , "" Tamil : Ciŋkappūr Kudiyarasu "" ) , is an island city - state and the smallest country in South - East Asia . Singapore is located on the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula , south of the Malaysian state of Johor , and north of the Indonesian Riau Islands .
eos Singapore is located on the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula , south of the Malaysian state of Johor , and north of the Indonesian Riau Islands . Singapore lies just 137 kilometres ( 85 miles ) north of the Equator . The site of several ancient port cities and a possession of several empires in
eos Singapore is located on the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula , south of the Malaysian state of Johor , and north of the Indonesian Riau Islands . Singapore lies just 137 kilometres ( 85 miles ) north of the Equator . The site of several ancient port cities and a possession of several empires in Singapore history ,
eos Singapore is located on the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula , south of the Malaysian state of Johor , and north of the Indonesian Riau Islands . Singapore lies just 137 kilometres ( 85 miles ) north of the Equator . The site of several ancient port cities and a possession of several empires in Singapore history , Singapore was a Malay fishing village when
eos Singapore lies just 137 kilometres ( 85 miles ) north of the Equator . The site of several ancient port cities and a possession of several empires in Singapore history , Singapore was a Malay fishing village when Singapore was colonised by the United Kingdom in the 19th century .
eos The site of several ancient port cities and a possession of several empires in Singapore history , Singapore was a Malay fishing village when Singapore was colonised by the United Kingdom in the 19th century . Singapore was further occupied by the Japanese Empire in World War II , and Singapore was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . When Singapore acquired independence , having few natural resources ,
eos The site of several ancient port cities and a possession of several empires in Singapore history , Singapore was a Malay fishing village when Singapore was colonised by the United Kingdom in the 19th century . Singapore was further occupied by the Japanese Empire in World War II , and Singapore was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . When
eos Singapore was further occupied by the Japanese Empire in World War II , and Singapore was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . When Singapore acquired independence , having few natural resources , Singapore was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . Foreign investment and rapid government - led industrialisation has since created an economy which relies on exports of electronics and manufacturing primarily from
eos When Singapore acquired independence , having few natural resources , Singapore was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . Foreign investment and rapid government - led industrialisation has since created an economy which relies on exports of electronics and manufacturing primarily from Singapore port . According to the quality - of - life index assembled by the Economist Intelligence Unit ,
eos Foreign investment and rapid government - led industrialisation has since created an economy which relies on exports of electronics and manufacturing primarily from Singapore port . According to the quality - of - life index assembled by the Economist Intelligence Unit , Singapore has the highest standard of living in Asia , and Singapore is ranked 11th in the World . In the more well - known Human Development Index by the United Nations ,
eos According to the quality - of - life index assembled by the Economist Intelligence Unit , Singapore has the highest standard of living in Asia , and Singapore is ranked 11th in the World . In the more well - known Human Development Index by the United Nations , Singapore holds the 25th place , behind only Japan and Hong Kong in Asia . Measured by GDP per capita ,
eos In the more well - known Human Development Index by the United Nations , Singapore holds the 25th place , behind only Japan and Hong Kong in Asia . Measured by GDP per capita , Singapore is the 22nd wealthiest country .
eos Measured by GDP per capita , Singapore is the 22nd wealthiest country . Singapore has a foreign reserve of S$ 197b ( US$ 119b ) . More than 90 % of
eos Singapore has a foreign reserve of S$ 197b ( US$ 119b ) . More than 90 % of Singapore population lives in housing estates constructed by the Housing Development Board and nearly half uses the public transport system daily . As a result of efforts to control motorised traffic , the maintenance of natural greenery , strict regulations on industrial locations and emissions , and other pro - environmental initiatives by the government and the private sector ,
eos Singapore has a foreign reserve of S$ 197b ( US$ 119b ) . More than 90 % of Singapore population lives in housing estates constructed by the Housing Development Board and nearly half uses the public transport system daily . As a result of efforts to control motorised traffic , the maintenance of natural greenery , strict regulations on industrial locations and emissions , and other pro - environmental initiatives by the government and the private sector , Singapore has been able to control
eos More than 90 % of Singapore population lives in housing estates constructed by the Housing Development Board and nearly half uses the public transport system daily . As a result of efforts to control motorised traffic , the maintenance of natural greenery , strict regulations on industrial locations and emissions , and other pro - environmental initiatives by the government and the private sector , Singapore has been able to control Singapore pollution levels to well within World Health Organization standards . The Constitution of the Republic of Singapore established
eos As a result of efforts to control motorised traffic , the maintenance of natural greenery , strict regulations on industrial locations and emissions , and other pro - environmental initiatives by the government and the private sector , Singapore has been able to control Singapore pollution levels to well within World Health Organization standards . The Constitution of the Republic of Singapore established Singapore as a representative democracy .
eos As a result of efforts to control motorised traffic , the maintenance of natural greenery , strict regulations on industrial locations and emissions , and other pro - environmental initiatives by the government and the private sector , Singapore has been able to control Singapore pollution levels to well within World Health Organization standards . The Constitution of the Republic of Singapore established Singapore as a representative democracy . Singapore initially undertook a democratic socialist policy shortly after
eos The Constitution of the Republic of Singapore established Singapore as a representative democracy . Singapore initially undertook a democratic socialist policy shortly after Singapore independence , adopting a welfare system . However , the government has since become more conservative than it was at the founding of
eos 
eos Slovakia ( Slovak : Slovensko ) is a landlocked republic in Central Europe with a population of over five million .
eos Slovakia is a member of the European Union ( since May 1 2004 ) and Slovakia borders Czech Republic and Austria in the west , Poland in the north , Ukraine in the east and Hungary in the south . The largest city is
eos 
eos Slovenia , officially the Republic of Slovenia ( "" Slovenian : Republika Slovenija "" ) , is a coastal Alpine country in southern Central Europe bordering Italy to the west , the Adriatic Sea to the southwest , Croatia to the south and east , Hungary to the northeast , and Austria to the north . Throughout
eos Slovenia , officially the Republic of Slovenia ( "" Slovenian : Republika Slovenija "" ) , is a coastal Alpine country in southern Central Europe bordering Italy to the west , the Adriatic Sea to the southwest , Croatia to the south and east , Hungary to the northeast , and Austria to the north . Throughout Slovenia history ,
eos Slovenia , officially the Republic of Slovenia ( "" Slovenian : Republika Slovenija "" ) , is a coastal Alpine country in southern Central Europe bordering Italy to the west , the Adriatic Sea to the southwest , Croatia to the south and east , Hungary to the northeast , and Austria to the north . Throughout Slovenia history , Slovenia has been part of the Roman Empire , the Duchy of Carantania ( only
eos Slovenia , officially the Republic of Slovenia ( "" Slovenian : Republika Slovenija "" ) , is a coastal Alpine country in southern Central Europe bordering Italy to the west , the Adriatic Sea to the southwest , Croatia to the south and east , Hungary to the northeast , and Austria to the north . Throughout Slovenia history , Slovenia has been part of the Roman Empire , the Duchy of Carantania ( only Slovenia modern northern part ) , the Holy Roman Empire , Austria - Hungary , the State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs , the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes ( renamed the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929 ) between the World Wars , and the SFR of Yugoslavia from 1945 until gaining independence in 1991 .
eos 
eos Solomon_Islands is a nation in Melanesia , east of Papua New Guinea , consisting of nearly one thousand islands . Together
eos Together Solomon_Islands cover a land mass of 28,400 square kilometres ( 10,965 sq mi ) . The capital is Honiara , located on the island of Guadalcanal .
eos The capital is Honiara , located on the island of Guadalcanal . Solomon_Islands have been inhabited by Melanesian people for at least 30,000 years . The United Kingdom established a protectorate over
eos Solomon_Islands have been inhabited by Melanesian people for at least 30,000 years . The United Kingdom established a protectorate over Solomon_Islands in the 1890s . Some of the most bitter fighting of World War II occurred on
eos Some of the most bitter fighting of World War II occurred on Solomon_Islands . Self - government was achieved in 1976 and independence two years later .
eos 
eos South_Africa is a country located at the southern tip of the African continent .
eos South_Africa borders the countries of Namibia , Botswana , Zimbabwe , Mozambique , and Swaziland . Lesotho is an independent enclave entirely surrounded by South African territory .
eos South_Africa has experienced a significantly different evolution from other nations in Africa as a result of two facts . Firstly , immigration from Europe reached levels not experienced in other African communities . Secondly , the strategic importance of the Cape Sea Route , as emphasised by the closure of the Suez Canal during the Six Day War , and mineral wealth made
eos Firstly , immigration from Europe reached levels not experienced in other African communities . Secondly , the strategic importance of the Cape Sea Route , as emphasised by the closure of the Suez Canal during the Six Day War , and mineral wealth made South_Africa extremely important to Western interests , particularly during the Cold War . As a result of the former ,
eos Secondly , the strategic importance of the Cape Sea Route , as emphasised by the closure of the Suez Canal during the Six Day War , and mineral wealth made South_Africa extremely important to Western interests , particularly during the Cold War . As a result of the former , South_Africa is a very racially diverse nation .
eos South_Africa has the largest population of people of Coloured ( ie mixed racial background ) , whites , and Indian communities in Africa . Black South Africans account for slightly less than 80 % of the population . Racial strife between the white minority and the black majority has played a large part in
eos Racial strife between the white minority and the black majority has played a large part in South_Africa history and politics , culminating in apartheid , which was instituted in 1948 by the National Party ( although segregation existed prior to that date ) . The laws that defined apartheid began to be repealed or abolished by the National Party in 1990 after a long and sometimes violent struggle ( including economic sanctions from the international community ) by the Black majority as well as many White , Coloured , and Indian South Africans . Two philosophies originated in
eos The laws that defined apartheid began to be repealed or abolished by the National Party in 1990 after a long and sometimes violent struggle ( including economic sanctions from the international community ) by the Black majority as well as many White , Coloured , and Indian South Africans . Two philosophies originated in South_Africa : ubuntu ( the belief in a universal bond of sharing that connects all humanity ) ; and Gandhi 's notion of ` ` passive resistance '' ( Satyagraha ) , developed while he lived in
eos Two philosophies originated in South_Africa : ubuntu ( the belief in a universal bond of sharing that connects all humanity ) ; and Gandhi 's notion of ` ` passive resistance '' ( Satyagraha ) , developed while he lived in South_Africa .
eos ubuntu ( the belief in a universal bond of sharing that connects all humanity ) ; and Gandhi 's notion of ` ` passive resistance '' ( Satyagraha ) , developed while he lived in South_Africa . South_Africa is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état , and regular elections have been held for almost a century ; however , the vast majority of black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994 . The economy of
eos ubuntu ( the belief in a universal bond of sharing that connects all humanity ) ; and Gandhi 's notion of ` ` passive resistance '' ( Satyagraha ) , developed while he lived in South_Africa . South_Africa is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état , and regular elections have been held for almost a century ; however , the vast majority of black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994 . The economy of South_Africa is the largest and best developed on the continent , with modern infrastructure common throughout
eos South_Africa is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état , and regular elections have been held for almost a century ; however , the vast majority of black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994 . The economy of South_Africa is the largest and best developed on the continent , with modern infrastructure common throughout South_Africa .
eos South_Africa is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état , and regular elections have been held for almost a century ; however , the vast majority of black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994 . The economy of South_Africa is the largest and best developed on the continent , with modern infrastructure common throughout South_Africa . South_Africa is often referred to as ` ` The Rainbow Nation '' , a term coined by Archbishop Desmond Tutu and later adopted by then - President Nelson Mandela as a metaphor to describe
eos The economy of South_Africa is the largest and best developed on the continent , with modern infrastructure common throughout South_Africa . South_Africa is often referred to as ` ` The Rainbow Nation '' , a term coined by Archbishop Desmond Tutu and later adopted by then - President Nelson Mandela as a metaphor to describe South_Africa newly - developing multicultural diversity in the wake of segregationist apartheid ideology .
eos 
eos South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands ( SGSSI ) is an overseas territory of the United Kingdom in the southern Atlantic Ocean .
eos South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands ( SGSSI ) is an overseas territory of the United Kingdom in the southern Atlantic Ocean . South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands was formed in 1985 ; previously
eos South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands ( SGSSI ) is an overseas territory of the United Kingdom in the southern Atlantic Ocean . South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands was formed in 1985 ; previously South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands was governed as part of the Falkland Islands Dependencies .
eos South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands was formed in 1985 ; previously South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands was governed as part of the Falkland Islands Dependencies . South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands is a remote and inhospitable collection of islands , consisting of South Georgia - which measures approximately 100 miles by 18 miles and is by far the largest island in the territory - and a group of smaller islands known as the South Sandwich Islands . There is no native population on any of
eos From 1905 the Argentine Meteorological Office cooperated in maintaining the meteorological observatory at Grytviken under the British lease requirements of the whaling station until these changed in 1949 . Argentina maintained a naval station on the South Sandwich Islands from 1976 until 1982 when it was closed by the United Kingdom , and briefly occupied South Georgia in 1982 . The Argentine claim of
eos 
eos South_Korea , officially the Republic of Korea ( Korean : 대한민국 , "" IPA : tɛɦanminguk̚ "" , listen ) , is an East Asian state on the southern half of the Korean Peninsula . To the north ,
eos South_Korea , officially the Republic of Korea ( Korean : 대한민국 , "" IPA : tɛɦanminguk̚ "" , listen ) , is an East Asian state on the southern half of the Korean Peninsula . To the north , South_Korea is bordered by North Korea ( Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ) , with which
eos To the north , South_Korea is bordered by North Korea ( Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ) , with which South_Korea was a single country called Korea until 1945 . To the west , across the Yellow Sea , lies China , and to the southeast , across the Korea Strait , lies Japan . Approximately one - half of
eos To the west , across the Yellow Sea , lies China , and to the southeast , across the Korea Strait , lies Japan . Approximately one - half of South_Korea population lives in or near the capital and largest city , Seoul , the second largest metropolitan area in the world . Since
eos To the west , across the Yellow Sea , lies China , and to the southeast , across the Korea Strait , lies Japan . Approximately one - half of South_Korea population lives in or near the capital and largest city , Seoul , the second largest metropolitan area in the world . Since South_Korea founding in 1948 ,
eos Since South_Korea founding in 1948 , South_Korea has struggled with the aftermath of 35 years of Japanese annexation , the Korean War , and decades of military rule , seeing five major constitutional changes . Pro - democracy demonstrations during the 1980s led to free elections in 1987 .
eos South_Korea is now a multi - party democracy . The South Korean economy has advanced rapidly since the 1950s and is now the 10th largest ( nominal value ) economy in the world .
eos The South Korean economy has advanced rapidly since the 1950s and is now the 10th largest ( nominal value ) economy in the world . South_Korea is also one of the world 's most technologically advanced and digitally - connected countries .
eos South_Korea is also one of the world 's most technologically advanced and digitally - connected countries . South_Korea has the second highest broadband Internet connections per capita among OECD countries and South_Korea is a global leader in electronics , digital displays , shipbuilding and mobile phones .
eos South_Korea has the second highest broadband Internet connections per capita among OECD countries and South_Korea is a global leader in electronics , digital displays , shipbuilding and mobile phones . South_Korea entertainment industry has grown explosively since the 1990s , producing Asia - wide successes in music , television , and film in a phenomenon known as Hallyu , or the ` ` Korean wave . '' However ,
eos South_Korea has the second highest broadband Internet connections per capita among OECD countries and South_Korea is a global leader in electronics , digital displays , shipbuilding and mobile phones . South_Korea entertainment industry has grown explosively since the 1990s , producing Asia - wide successes in music , television , and film in a phenomenon known as Hallyu , or the ` ` Korean wave . '' However , South_Korea still retains centuries - old customs and traditions , such as
eos 
eos Spain , officially the Kingdom of Spain ( "" Spanish : Reino de España "" , short form : España ) , is a country located in Southern Europe , with two small exclaves in North Africa ( both bordering Morocco ) .
eos Spain , officially the Kingdom of Spain ( "" Spanish : Reino de España "" , short form : España ) , is a country located in Southern Europe , with two small exclaves in North Africa ( both bordering Morocco ) . Spain is a democracy
eos Spain , officially the Kingdom of Spain ( "" Spanish : Reino de España "" , short form : España ) , is a country located in Southern Europe , with two small exclaves in North Africa ( both bordering Morocco ) . Spain is a democracy Spain is organized as a parliamentary monarchy .
eos Spain is a democracy Spain is organized as a parliamentary monarchy . Spain is a developed country with the ninth - largest economy in the world .
eos Spain is a developed country with the ninth - largest economy in the world . Spain is the largest of the three sovereign nations that make up the Iberian Peninsula - the others are Portugal and the microstate of Andorra . To the west and to the south of Galicia ,
eos Spain is the largest of the three sovereign nations that make up the Iberian Peninsula - the others are Portugal and the microstate of Andorra . To the west and to the south of Galicia , Spain borders Portugal . To the south ,
eos Spain is the largest of the three sovereign nations that make up the Iberian Peninsula - the others are Portugal and the microstate of Andorra . To the west and to the south of Galicia , Spain borders Portugal . To the south , Spain borders Gibraltar ( a British overseas territory ) and , through
eos To the west and to the south of Galicia , Spain borders Portugal . To the south , Spain borders Gibraltar ( a British overseas territory ) and , through Spain cities in North Africa ( Ceuta and Melilla ) , Morocco . To the northeast , along the Pyrenees mountain range ,
eos To the south , Spain borders Gibraltar ( a British overseas territory ) and , through Spain cities in North Africa ( Ceuta and Melilla ) , Morocco . To the northeast , along the Pyrenees mountain range , Spain borders France and the tiny principality of Andorra .
eos 
eos Spratly_Islands are a disputed group of approximately 100 reefs and islets in the South China Sea . Part of the South China Sea Islands ,
eos Spratly_Islands are a disputed group of approximately 100 reefs and islets in the South China Sea . Part of the South China Sea Islands , Spratly_Islands are surrounded by rich fishing grounds and gas and oil deposits , whose true extent is unknown and disputed . The People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) , and Vietnam each claim sovereignty over
eos Part of the South China Sea Islands , Spratly_Islands are surrounded by rich fishing grounds and gas and oil deposits , whose true extent is unknown and disputed . The People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) , and Vietnam each claim sovereignty over Spratly_Islands , while Brunei , Malaysia , and the Philippines each claim various parts . Several of the nations involved have soldiers stationed in
eos 
eos Sri_Lanka , officially the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka ( ශ රී ලංකා in Sinhala , இலங்கை in Tamil ; known as Ceylon before 1952 ) is a predominantly Buddhist island nation in South Asia , located about 31 kilometres ( 18 1/2 mi ) off the southern coast of India .
eos Sri_Lanka , officially the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka ( ශ රී ලංකා in Sinhala , இலங்கை in Tamil ; known as Ceylon before 1952 ) is a predominantly Buddhist island nation in South Asia , located about 31 kilometres ( 18 1/2 mi ) off the southern coast of India . Sri_Lanka is often popularly referred to as the Pearl of the Indian Ocean .
eos Sri_Lanka is often popularly referred to as the Pearl of the Indian Ocean . Sri_Lanka is home to more than 20 million people . A strategic naval link between West Asia and South East Asia ,
eos Significant numbers of people also adhere to Hindu , Christianity , Islam and indigenous religions . Sinhalese people form a majority of the population ( 74 % ) , which also consists of smaller communities of Tamil , Muslims , Burghers and indigenous peoples . Famous for the production and export of tea , coffee , rubber and coconuts ,
eos Sinhalese people form a majority of the population ( 74 % ) , which also consists of smaller communities of Tamil , Muslims , Burghers and indigenous peoples . Famous for the production and export of tea , coffee , rubber and coconuts , Sri_Lanka also boasts a progressive and modern industrial economy . The natural beauty of
eos Sinhalese people form a majority of the population ( 74 % ) , which also consists of smaller communities of Tamil , Muslims , Burghers and indigenous peoples . Famous for the production and export of tea , coffee , rubber and coconuts , Sri_Lanka also boasts a progressive and modern industrial economy . The natural beauty of Sri_Lanka tropical forests , beaches and landscape and rich cultural heritage make
eos Famous for the production and export of tea , coffee , rubber and coconuts , Sri_Lanka also boasts a progressive and modern industrial economy . The natural beauty of Sri_Lanka tropical forests , beaches and landscape and rich cultural heritage make Sri_Lanka a famous destination for tourists worldwide . After over a thousand years of rule by independent kingdoms ,
eos The natural beauty of Sri_Lanka tropical forests , beaches and landscape and rich cultural heritage make Sri_Lanka a famous destination for tourists worldwide . After over a thousand years of rule by independent kingdoms , Sri_Lanka was colonised by Portugal and the Dutch before passing to the control of the British Empire . During World War II
eos After over a thousand years of rule by independent kingdoms , Sri_Lanka was colonised by Portugal and the Dutch before passing to the control of the British Empire . During World War II Sri_Lanka served as an important base in the fight against the Japanese . A nationalist political movement arose in
eos During World War II Sri_Lanka served as an important base in the fight against the Japanese . A nationalist political movement arose in Sri_Lanka in the early 20th century to obtain political independence , which was granted in 1948 . Although
eos During World War II Sri_Lanka served as an important base in the fight against the Japanese . A nationalist political movement arose in Sri_Lanka in the early 20th century to obtain political independence , which was granted in 1948 . Although Sri_Lanka enjoyed a stable period of democracy and economic progress ,
eos A nationalist political movement arose in Sri_Lanka in the early 20th century to obtain political independence , which was granted in 1948 . Although Sri_Lanka enjoyed a stable period of democracy and economic progress , Sri_Lanka has been torn by a bloody civil war between the Sinhalese - dominated government and Tamil separatists led by the LTTE who demand an independent Tamil state in northeastern Sri Lanka . Tsunamis caused by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake devastated the southern and north - eastern part of
eos 
eos Sudan ( or The Sudan ; officially the Republic of the Sudan or Republic of Sudan ) ( Arabic : السودان ) is the largest country by area in Africa and the largest Arab country by area .
eos ( Arabic : السودان ) is the largest country by area in Africa and the largest Arab country by area . Sudan is bordered by Egypt to the north , the Red Sea to the northeast , Eritrea and Ethiopia to the east , Kenya and Uganda to the southeast , Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Central African Republic to the southwest , Chad to the west , and Libya to the northwest .
eos 
eos Suriname , officially the Republiek Suriname , is a country in northern South America . Other common names are Surinam or Sranang .
eos Other common names are Surinam or Sranang . Suriname was formerly known as Nederlands Guyana , Netherlands Guiana or Dutch Guiana .
eos The southern border is shared with Brazil and the northern border is the Atlantic coast . The most southern parts of the borders with Guyana and French Guiana are disputed ( upper Corantijn and Marowijne rivers - the map shows the Guyana and French Guiana versions of the border ) .
eos The most southern parts of the borders with Guyana and French Guiana are disputed ( upper Corantijn and Marowijne rivers - the map shows the Guyana and French Guiana versions of the border ) . Suriname is the least populated country in South America .
eos 
eos Svalbard is an archipelago lying in the Arctic Ocean north of mainland Europe , about midway between Norway and the North Pole .
eos Svalbard is an archipelago lying in the Arctic Ocean north of mainland Europe , about midway between Norway and the North Pole . Svalbard consists of a group of islands ranging from 76 ° to 81 ° North , and 10 ° to 35 ° East .
eos Three islands are populated : Spitsbergen , Bjørnøya and Hopen . The largest settlement is Longyearbyen . The Svalbard Treaty recognises Norwegian sovereignty over
eos The largest settlement is Longyearbyen . The Svalbard Treaty recognises Norwegian sovereignty over Svalbard . With the 1925 Svalbard Act , Norway chose to make
eos The largest settlement is Longyearbyen . The Svalbard Treaty recognises Norwegian sovereignty over Svalbard . With the 1925 Svalbard Act , Norway chose to make Svalbard a part of the Kingdom , and
eos 
eos Swaziland is a small , landlocked country in Southern Africa ( one of the smallest on the continent ) , situated on the eastern slope of the Drakensberg mountains , embedded between South Africa in the west and Mozambique in the east .
eos Swaziland is a small , landlocked country in Southern Africa ( one of the smallest on the continent ) , situated on the eastern slope of the Drakensberg mountains , embedded between South Africa in the west and Mozambique in the east . Swaziland is named after the Swazi , a Bantu tribe . Due in part to a high rate of HIV infection ,
eos 
eos la Suisse "" , "" Italian : Svizzera "" and Romansh : Svizra ) , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a landlocked Alpine country in Central Europe .
eos la Suisse "" , "" Italian : Svizzera "" and Romansh : Svizra ) , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a landlocked Alpine country in Central Europe . Switzerland ,
eos "" Italian : Svizzera "" and Romansh : Svizra ) , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a landlocked Alpine country in Central Europe . Switzerland , Switzerland borders Germany to the north , France to the west , Italy to the south , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east , was historically a confederation , and Switzerland has been a federation since 1848 .
eos Switzerland , Switzerland borders Germany to the north , France to the west , Italy to the south , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east , was historically a confederation , and Switzerland has been a federation since 1848 . Switzerland has a strong economy in finance and banking , and a long and strong tradition of political and military neutrality . This background allows
eos Switzerland has a strong economy in finance and banking , and a long and strong tradition of political and military neutrality . This background allows Switzerland to host various international co - operations and organizations . ` ` Switzerland '' is a term often used to state being neutral on a situation , in reference to
eos This background allows Switzerland to host various international co - operations and organizations . ` ` Switzerland '' is a term often used to state being neutral on a situation , in reference to Switzerland strong history of neutrality . Confoederatio Helvetica ,
eos The abbreviation ( CH ) is used for the same reason . The titles commonly used in French ( Confédération suisse ) , Italian ( Confederazione Svizzera ) and Romansh ( Confederaziun svizra ) translate as ` ` Swiss Confederation '' , while the German name of Schweizerische Eidgenossenschaft translates literally as ` ` Swiss Oath Fellowship '' or ` ` Swiss Commonwealth of the Covenant '' . A male native of
eos 
eos Syria ( Arabic : سوريا or , since 2005 , سورية ) , officially the Syrian Arab Republic ( Arabic : الجمهورية العربية السورية ) , is a country in the Middle East .
eos ( Arabic : سوريا or , since 2005 , سورية ) , officially the Syrian Arab Republic ( Arabic : الجمهورية العربية السورية ) , is a country in the Middle East . Syria borders Lebanon to the west , Israel to the southwest , Jordan to the south , Iraq to the east , and Turkey to the north . Israel occupies the Golan Heights in the southwest of
eos 
eos Tajikistan ( Persian : جمهوری تاجیکستان ( Perso - Arabic ) , Tajik : ҷумҳурии Тоҷикистон ( Cyrillic ) , Çumhurii Toçikiston ( Turkic ) is a mountainous landlocked country in Central Asia .
eos , Tajik : ҷумҳурии Тоҷикистон ( Cyrillic ) , Çumhurii Toçikiston ( Turkic ) is a mountainous landlocked country in Central Asia . Tajikistan borders Afghanistan to the south , Uzbekistan to the west , Kyrgyzstan to the north , and China to the east .
eos Tajikistan borders Afghanistan to the south , Uzbekistan to the west , Kyrgyzstan to the north , and China to the east . Tajikistan is home mainly to the Tajiks , who share culture and history with the Iranians , and speak Tajik , a language closely related to Persian . Once the location of the famous Samanid Empire ,
eos Tajikistan is home mainly to the Tajiks , who share culture and history with the Iranians , and speak Tajik , a language closely related to Persian . Once the location of the famous Samanid Empire , Tajikistan became a constituent republic of the Soviet Union in the 20th century , known as the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic . After independence , however ,
eos Once the location of the famous Samanid Empire , Tajikistan became a constituent republic of the Soviet Union in the 20th century , known as the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic . After independence , however , Tajikistan suffered from a devastating civil war which lasted from 1992 to 1997 . Since the end of the war , newly - established political stability and foreign aid have allowed
eos After independence , however , Tajikistan suffered from a devastating civil war which lasted from 1992 to 1997 . Since the end of the war , newly - established political stability and foreign aid have allowed Tajikistan economy to grow .
eos After independence , however , Tajikistan suffered from a devastating civil war which lasted from 1992 to 1997 . Since the end of the war , newly - established political stability and foreign aid have allowed Tajikistan economy to grow . Tajikistan natural resources such as cotton and aluminium have contributed greatly to this steady improvement , although an observer has characterized
eos After independence , however , Tajikistan suffered from a devastating civil war which lasted from 1992 to 1997 . Since the end of the war , newly - established political stability and foreign aid have allowed Tajikistan economy to grow . Tajikistan natural resources such as cotton and aluminium have contributed greatly to this steady improvement , although an observer has characterized Tajikistan as having few natural resources besides hydroelectric power and
eos 
eos Tanzania "" IPA : ˌtænzəˈniə "" , officially the United Republic of Tanzania ( Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania in Swahili ) , is a country on the east coast of Africa .
eos ( Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania in Swahili ) , is a country on the east coast of Africa . Tanzania is bordered by Kenya and Uganda on the north , Rwanda , Burundi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the west , and Zambia , Malawi and Mozambique on the south . To the east
eos Tanzania is bordered by Kenya and Uganda on the north , Rwanda , Burundi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the west , and Zambia , Malawi and Mozambique on the south . To the east Tanzania borders the Indian Ocean .
eos Tanzania is bordered by Kenya and Uganda on the north , Rwanda , Burundi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the west , and Zambia , Malawi and Mozambique on the south . To the east Tanzania borders the Indian Ocean . Tanzania is named after Tanganyika ,
eos Tanzania is bordered by Kenya and Uganda on the north , Rwanda , Burundi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the west , and Zambia , Malawi and Mozambique on the south . To the east Tanzania borders the Indian Ocean . Tanzania is named after Tanganyika , Tanzania mainland part , and the Zanzibar islands off
eos To the east Tanzania borders the Indian Ocean . Tanzania is named after Tanganyika , Tanzania mainland part , and the Zanzibar islands off Tanzania east coast .
eos Tanzania is named after Tanganyika , Tanzania mainland part , and the Zanzibar islands off Tanzania east coast . Tanzania has been a member of the Commonwealth since gaining independence in 1961 . In 1964 , Tanganyika united with Zanzibar , forming
eos Tanzania has been a member of the Commonwealth since gaining independence in 1961 . In 1964 , Tanganyika united with Zanzibar , forming Tanzania , later renamed to the United Republic of Tanzania . In 1996 ,
eos 
eos Togo , officially the Togolese Republic , is a country in West Africa bordering Ghana in the west , Benin in the east and Burkina Faso in the north . In the south ,
eos 
eos Tokelau is a non - self - governing colonial territory of New Zealand that comprises a group of three tropical coral atolls in the South Pacific Ocean .
eos Tokelau are occasionally referred to by Westerners by an older colonial name , The Union Islands . Until 1976 , the official name was Tokelau Islands . The United Nations Committee on Decolonization includes
eos Until 1976 , the official name was Tokelau Islands . The United Nations Committee on Decolonization includes Tokelau on the United Nations list of Non - Self - Governing Territories .
eos 
eos Tonga , officially the Kingdom of Tonga ( Tongan for ` ` south '' ) , is an independent archipelago in the southern Pacific Ocean .
eos ( Tongan for ` ` south '' ) , is an independent archipelago in the southern Pacific Ocean . Tonga lies about a third of the way between New Zealand and Hawaii , south of Samoa and east of Fiji .
eos 
eos Trinidad_and_Tobago is an archipelagic state in the southern Caribbean , lying northeast of the South American nation of Venezuela and south of Grenada in the Lesser Antilles .
eos Trinidad_and_Tobago is an archipelagic state in the southern Caribbean , lying northeast of the South American nation of Venezuela and south of Grenada in the Lesser Antilles . Trinidad_and_Tobago also shares maritime boundaries with Barbados to the northeast and Guyana to the southeast .
eos Trinidad_and_Tobago covers an area of 5,128 square kilometres ( 1,979 sq mi ) and Trinidad_and_Tobago consists of two main islands , Trinidad and Tobago , and 21 smaller islands . Trinidad is the larger and more populous of the main islands ; Tobago is much smaller , comprising about 6 % of the total area and 4 % of the population . Originally settled by Amerindians of South American origin at least 7,000 years ago ,
eos Trinidad is the larger and more populous of the main islands ; Tobago is much smaller , comprising about 6 % of the total area and 4 % of the population . Originally settled by Amerindians of South American origin at least 7,000 years ago , Trinidad_and_Tobago was occupied by Arawakan - and Cariban - speaking peoples at the time of European contact in 1498 . A history of slavery and indentureship has left
eos A history of slavery and indentureship has left Trinidad_and_Tobago with a mixture of African , Indian , mixed - race , European , Middle Eastern and Chinese people . All these groups have left an imprint on the national culture .
eos All these groups have left an imprint on the national culture . Trinidad_and_Tobago became independent nation in 1962 and a republic in 1976 . Officially Trinidadians or Tobagonians , people from
eos Officially Trinidadians or Tobagonians , people from Trinidad_and_Tobago the people are often informally referred to as Trinbagonians or Trinis . Unlike most of the English - speaking Caribbean , Trinidad_and_Tobago is a primarily industrialised country
eos Officially Trinidadians or Tobagonians , people from Trinidad_and_Tobago the people are often informally referred to as Trinbagonians or Trinis . Unlike most of the English - speaking Caribbean ,
eos the people are often informally referred to as Trinbagonians or Trinis . Unlike most of the English - speaking Caribbean , Trinidad_and_Tobago is a primarily industrialised country Trinidad_and_Tobago economy is based on petroleum and petrochemicals .
eos the people are often informally referred to as Trinbagonians or Trinis . Unlike most of the English - speaking Caribbean , Trinidad_and_Tobago is a primarily industrialised country Trinidad_and_Tobago economy is based on petroleum and petrochemicals . Trinidad_and_Tobago is famous for
eos 
eos Tristan_da_Cunha is a group of remote islands in the south Atlantic Ocean , 2816 km ( 1750 miles ) from South Africa and 3360 km ( 2088 miles ) from South America .
eos Tristan_da_Cunha is a group of remote islands in the south Atlantic Ocean , 2816 km ( 1750 miles ) from South Africa and 3360 km ( 2088 miles ) from South America . Tristan_da_Cunha is a dependency of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena , 2161 km ( 1350 miles ) to the north .
eos Tristan_da_Cunha is a dependency of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena , 2161 km ( 1350 miles ) to the north . Tristan_da_Cunha consists of the main island , Tristan da Cunha ( 98 km ² ) , as well as several uninhabited islands : Inaccessible Island and the Nightingale Islands . Gough Island , situated 395 km south east of the main island , is also part of
eos Tristan_da_Cunha consists of the main island , Tristan da Cunha ( 98 km ² ) , as well as several uninhabited islands : Inaccessible Island and the Nightingale Islands . Gough Island , situated 395 km south east of the main island , is also part of Tristan_da_Cunha .
eos 
eos Tunisia ( Arabic : تونس , Berber : ) , officially the Tunisian Republic ( الجمهورية التونسية ) , is a country situated on the Mediterranean coast of North Africa .
eos ( Arabic : تونس , Berber : ) , officially the Tunisian Republic ( الجمهورية التونسية ) , is a country situated on the Mediterranean coast of North Africa . Tunisia is the northernmost African country and the smallest of the nations situated along the Atlas mountain range , bordering Algeria , to the west , and Libya to the south east . Around forty percent of
eos 
eos Turkey ( Turkish : Türkiye ) , officially the Republic of Turkey ( Türkiye Cumhuriyeti ) , is a Eurasian country that stretches across the Anatolian peninsula in Southwestern Asia and the Balkan region of Southeastern Europe .
eos Turkey borders eight countries : Bulgaria to the northwest ; Greece to the west ; Georgia to the northeast ; Armenia , Iran and the Nakhichevan exclave of Azerbaijan to the east ; and Iraq and Syria to southeast asia . In addition ,
eos Greece to the west ; Georgia to the northeast ; Armenia , Iran and the Nakhichevan exclave of Azerbaijan to the east ; and Iraq and Syria to southeast asia . In addition , Turkey borders the Black Sea to the north ; the Aegean Sea and the Sea of Marmara to the west ; and the Mediterranean Sea to the south .
eos Greece to the west ; Georgia to the northeast ; Armenia , Iran and the Nakhichevan exclave of Azerbaijan to the east ; and Iraq and Syria to southeast asia . In addition , Turkey borders the Black Sea to the north ; the Aegean Sea and the Sea of Marmara to the west ; and the Mediterranean Sea to the south . Turkey is a democratic , secular , constitutional republic
eos In addition , Turkey borders the Black Sea to the north ; the Aegean Sea and the Sea of Marmara to the west ; and the Mediterranean Sea to the south . Turkey is a democratic , secular , constitutional republic Turkey political system was established in 1923 after the fall of the Ottoman Empire under the leadership of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk .
eos Turkey is a democratic , secular , constitutional republic Turkey political system was established in 1923 after the fall of the Ottoman Empire under the leadership of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk . Turkey is a founding member of the United Nations , the OIC , the OECD and the OSCE , a member state of the Council of Europe since 1949 and of the NATO since 1952 , and Turkey is currently in accession negotiations with the European Union , being an associate member since 1964 . . Due to
eos Turkey is a democratic , secular , constitutional republic Turkey political system was established in 1923 after the fall of the Ottoman Empire under the leadership of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk . Turkey is a founding member of the United Nations , the OIC , the OECD and the OSCE , a member state of the Council of Europe since 1949 and of the NATO since 1952 , and Turkey is currently in accession negotiations with the European Union , being an associate member since 1964 . . Due to Turkey strategic location straddling Europe and Asia ,
eos 
eos Turkmenistan ( also known as Turkmenia ) is a country in Central Asia . The name Turkmenistan is derived from Persian , meaning ` ` land of the Turkmen '' . Before 1991 ,
eos The name Turkmenistan is derived from Persian , meaning ` ` land of the Turkmen '' . Before 1991 , Turkmenistan was a constituent republic of the Soviet Union , called the Turkmen Soviet Socialist Republic .
eos Before 1991 , Turkmenistan was a constituent republic of the Soviet Union , called the Turkmen Soviet Socialist Republic . Turkmenistan is bordered by Afghanistan to the southeast , Iran to the southwest , Uzbekistan to the northeast , Kazakhstan to the northwest , and the Caspian Sea to the west . Although
eos Before 1991 , Turkmenistan was a constituent republic of the Soviet Union , called the Turkmen Soviet Socialist Republic . Turkmenistan is bordered by Afghanistan to the southeast , Iran to the southwest , Uzbekistan to the northeast , Kazakhstan to the northwest , and the Caspian Sea to the west . Although Turkmenistan is wealthy in natural resources in certain areas , most of
eos Turkmenistan is bordered by Afghanistan to the southeast , Iran to the southwest , Uzbekistan to the northeast , Kazakhstan to the northwest , and the Caspian Sea to the west . Although Turkmenistan is wealthy in natural resources in certain areas , most of Turkmenistan is covered by the Karakum ( Black Sands ) Desert .
eos 
eos 
eos Tuvalu , formerly known as the Ellice Islands , is a Polynesian island nation located in the Pacific Ocean midway between Hawaii and Australia .
eos Tuvalu , formerly known as the Ellice Islands , is a Polynesian island nation located in the Pacific Ocean midway between Hawaii and Australia . Tuvalu nearest neighbours are Kiribati , Samoa and Fiji . Comprising 4 reef islands and 5 true atolls , with a total land area of just 26 square kilometers ( 10 sq mi ) ,
eos Tuvalu nearest neighbours are Kiribati , Samoa and Fiji . Comprising 4 reef islands and 5 true atolls , with a total land area of just 26 square kilometers ( 10 sq mi ) , Tuvalu is the second - least populated independent country in the world , Vatican City being the smallest .
eos Comprising 4 reef islands and 5 true atolls , with a total land area of just 26 square kilometers ( 10 sq mi ) , Tuvalu is the second - least populated independent country in the world , Vatican City being the smallest . Tuvalu is the smallest member by population of the United Nations . The first inhabitants of
eos Tuvalu is the smallest member by population of the United Nations . The first inhabitants of Tuvalu were Polynesian people .
eos The first inhabitants of Tuvalu were Polynesian people . Tuvalu came under Britain 's sphere of influence in the late 19th century .
eos Tuvalu were administered by Britain as part of a protectorate from 1892 to 1916 and as part of the Gilbert and Ellice Islands Colony from 1916 to 1974 . In 1974 the Ellice Islanders voted for separate British dependency status as Tuvalu , separating from the Gilbert Islands which became Kiribati upon independence .
eos In 1974 the Ellice Islanders voted for separate British dependency status as Tuvalu , separating from the Gilbert Islands which became Kiribati upon independence . Tuvalu became fully independent in 1978 . Due to their low elevation , the islands that make up
eos 
eos Uganda , officially the Republic of Uganda , is a country in East Africa , bordered on the east by Kenya , the north by Sudan , on the west by the Democratic Republic of Congo , on the southwest by Rwanda , and on the south by Tanzania . The southern part of
eos Uganda , officially the Republic of Uganda , is a country in East Africa , bordered on the east by Kenya , the north by Sudan , on the west by the Democratic Republic of Congo , on the southwest by Rwanda , and on the south by Tanzania . The southern part of Uganda includes a substantial portion of Lake Victoria , within which
eos Uganda , officially the Republic of Uganda , is a country in East Africa , bordered on the east by Kenya , the north by Sudan , on the west by the Democratic Republic of Congo , on the southwest by Rwanda , and on the south by Tanzania . The southern part of Uganda includes a substantial portion of Lake Victoria , within which Uganda shares borders with Kenya and Tanzania .
eos Uganda , officially the Republic of Uganda , is a country in East Africa , bordered on the east by Kenya , the north by Sudan , on the west by the Democratic Republic of Congo , on the southwest by Rwanda , and on the south by Tanzania . The southern part of Uganda includes a substantial portion of Lake Victoria , within which Uganda shares borders with Kenya and Tanzania . Uganda takes
eos Uganda , officially the Republic of Uganda , is a country in East Africa , bordered on the east by Kenya , the north by Sudan , on the west by the Democratic Republic of Congo , on the southwest by Rwanda , and on the south by Tanzania . The southern part of Uganda includes a substantial portion of Lake Victoria , within which Uganda shares borders with Kenya and Tanzania . Uganda takes Uganda name from the Buganda kingdom , which encompasses a portion of the south of
eos 
eos United_Arab_Emirates ( also the UAE or the Emirates ) is a Middle Eastern country situated in the southeast of the Arabian Peninsula in Southwest Asia on the Persian Gulf , comprising seven emirates : Abu Dhabi , Ajmān , Dubai , Fujairah , Ras al - Khaimah , Sharjah , and Umm al - Quwain . Before 1971 ,
eos United_Arab_Emirates ( also the UAE or the Emirates ) is a Middle Eastern country situated in the southeast of the Arabian Peninsula in Southwest Asia on the Persian Gulf , comprising seven emirates : Abu Dhabi , Ajmān , Dubai , Fujairah , Ras al - Khaimah , Sharjah , and Umm al - Quwain . Before 1971 , United_Arab_Emirates were known as the Trucial States or Trucial Oman , in reference of a nineteenth - century truce between Britain and several Arab Sheikhs .
eos Before 1971 , United_Arab_Emirates were known as the Trucial States or Trucial Oman , in reference of a nineteenth - century truce between Britain and several Arab Sheikhs . United_Arab_Emirates borders Oman and Saudi Arabia .
eos 
eos United_States , also known as the United States , the US , the USA , the US of A , The States and America , is a country in North America
eos United_States , also known as the United States , the US , the USA , the US of A , The States and America , is a country in North America United_States extends from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean and United_States shares land borders with Canada and Mexico .
eos United_States , also known as the United States , the US , the USA , the US of A , The States and America , is a country in North America United_States extends from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean and United_States shares land borders with Canada and Mexico . United_States is a federal republic , with
eos United_States , also known as the United States , the US , the USA , the US of A , The States and America , is a country in North America United_States extends from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean and United_States shares land borders with Canada and Mexico . United_States is a federal republic , with United_States capital in Washington , DC At over 3.7 million square miles ( over 9.5 million km ² ) ,
eos United_States , also known as the United States , the US , the USA , the US of A , The States and America , is a country in North America United_States extends from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean and United_States shares land borders with Canada and Mexico . United_States is a federal republic , with United_States capital in Washington , DC At over 3.7 million square miles ( over 9.5 million km ² ) , United_States ( including
eos United_States is a federal republic , with United_States capital in Washington , DC At over 3.7 million square miles ( over 9.5 million km ² ) , United_States ( including United_States non - contiguous and overseas states and territories ) is the third or fourth largest country by total area , depending on whether China 's figures include its disputed areas .
eos In the 16th century European exploration and settlement began , led by the English , French and Spanish . On july 4 1776 , at war with Britain over fair governance , thirteen British colonies on the Eastern seaboard declared their independence and in 1783 , the war ended with British acceptance of the new nation . july 4 , 1776 , is generally considered to be the date on which
eos july 4 , 1776 , is generally considered to be the date on which United_States was founded . American military , economic , cultural , and political influence increased through the 19th and 20th centuries . With the collapse of the Soviet Union at the end of the Cold War ,
eos july 4 , 1776 , is generally considered to be the date on which United_States was founded . American military , economic , cultural , and political influence increased through the 19th and 20th centuries . With the collapse of the Soviet Union at the end of the Cold War , United_States emerged as the world 's sole remaining superpower , and today ,
eos 
eos United_States_Virgin_Islands are a group of islands in the Caribbean
eos United_States_Virgin_Islands are a group of islands in the Caribbean United_States_Virgin_Islands are an insular area of the United States .
eos United_States_Virgin_Islands are a group of islands in the Caribbean United_States_Virgin_Islands are an insular area of the United States . United_States_Virgin_Islands are geographically part of the Virgin Islands and United_States_Virgin_Islands are located in the Leeward Islands of the Lesser Antilles .
eos United_States_Virgin_Islands are geographically part of the Virgin Islands and United_States_Virgin_Islands are located in the Leeward Islands of the Lesser Antilles . United_States_Virgin_Islands consist of the four main islands of St. Thomas , St. John , St. Croix , and Water Island , and many smaller islands .
eos United_States_Virgin_Islands consist of the four main islands of St. Thomas , St. John , St. Croix , and Water Island , and many smaller islands . United_States_Virgin_Islands is the only part of the United States where traffic drives on the left . The total land area of
eos The total land area of United_States_Virgin_Islands is 346.36 km ² ( 133.73 sq mi ) . As of the 2000 census the population was 108,612 . In Denmark ,
eos 
eos IPA "" IPA : "" re ` puβ̞lika oɾje n'tal del uɾu ` ɰwaj "" "" ) , is a nation located in southern part of South America .
eos "" re ` puβ̞lika oɾje n'tal del uɾu ` ɰwaj "" "" ) , is a nation located in southern part of South America . Uruguay is bordered by Brazil to the north , the Uruguay River to the west , the estuary of the Río de la Plata ( literally ` ` River of Silver '' , but commonly known in English as ` ` River Plate '' ) to the southwest , with Argentina on the other bank of both , and finally the South Atlantic Ocean to the southeast . About half of
eos Uruguay is bordered by Brazil to the north , the Uruguay River to the west , the estuary of the Río de la Plata ( literally ` ` River of Silver '' , but commonly known in English as ` ` River Plate '' ) to the southwest , with Argentina on the other bank of both , and finally the South Atlantic Ocean to the southeast . About half of Uruguay people live in the capital and largest city , Montevideo .
eos Uruguay is bordered by Brazil to the north , the Uruguay River to the west , the estuary of the Río de la Plata ( literally ` ` River of Silver '' , but commonly known in English as ` ` River Plate '' ) to the southwest , with Argentina on the other bank of both , and finally the South Atlantic Ocean to the southeast . About half of Uruguay people live in the capital and largest city , Montevideo . Uruguay is the second smallest independent country in South America , larger only than Suriname (
eos About half of Uruguay people live in the capital and largest city , Montevideo . Uruguay is the second smallest independent country in South America , larger only than Suriname ( Uruguay is also larger than French Guiana , which is not independent ) , and Uruguay is the most politically and economically stable .
eos 
eos Vatican_City , formally the State of the Vatican City ( Latin : Status Civitatis Vaticanae ; Italian : Stato della Città del Vaticano ) is a landlocked sovereign city - state
eos ( Latin : Status Civitatis Vaticanae ; Italian : Stato della Città del Vaticano ) is a landlocked sovereign city - state Vatican_City territory consists of a walled enclave within the city of Rome . At approximately 44 hectares ( 108.7 acres ) ,
eos At approximately 44 hectares ( 108.7 acres ) , Vatican_City is the smallest independent nation in the world . See microstates .
eos See microstates . Vatican_City was created in 1929 by the Lateran Treaty as a vestige of the much larger former Papal States ( AD 756 to 1870 ) . Although governed by the Bishop of Rome ( the Pope ) ,
eos Although governed by the Bishop of Rome ( the Pope ) , Vatican_City is officially a monarchy . The highest state functionaries are all clergymen of the Catholic Church .
eos Vatican_City is the sovereign territory of the Holy See ( Latin : Sancta Sedes ) and the location of the Apostolic Palace - the Pope 's official residence - and the Roman Curia . Thus , although the principal ecclesiastical seat of the Holy See ( the Basilica of St. John Lateran ) is located outside of
eos Vatican_City is the sovereign territory of the Holy See ( Latin : Sancta Sedes ) and the location of the Apostolic Palace - the Pope 's official residence - and the Roman Curia . Thus , although the principal ecclesiastical seat of the Holy See ( the Basilica of St. John Lateran ) is located outside of Vatican_City walls , in Rome ,
eos 
eos Vietnam ( "" Vietnamese : Việt Nam "" ) , officially the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is a nation in Southeast Asia .
eos "" Vietnamese : Việt Nam "" ) , officially the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is a nation in Southeast Asia . Vietnam borders the People 's Republic of China to the north , Laos to the northwest and Cambodia to the southwest . To
eos Vietnam borders the People 's Republic of China to the north , Laos to the northwest and Cambodia to the southwest . To Vietnam east lies the South China Sea . With a population of approximately 84 million ,
eos To Vietnam east lies the South China Sea . With a population of approximately 84 million , Vietnam is one of the most densely populated nations in Southeast Asia . The name of
eos 
eos Western_Sahara ( Arabic : الصحراء الغربية ; transliterated : al - Ṣaḥrā ' al - Gharbīyah ; Spanish : Sahara Occidental ) is one of the most sparsely populated territories in the world , mainly consisting of desert flatlands .
eos Western_Sahara ( Arabic : الصحراء الغربية ; transliterated : al - Ṣaḥrā ' al - Gharbīyah ; Spanish : Sahara Occidental ) is one of the most sparsely populated territories in the world , mainly consisting of desert flatlands . Western_Sahara is a territory of northwestern Africa , bordered by Morocco to the north , Algeria in the northeast , Mauritania to the east and south , and the Atlantic Ocean on the west . The largest city is El Aaiún ( Laâyoune ) , which is home to a majority of the population of
eos Western_Sahara is a territory of northwestern Africa , bordered by Morocco to the north , Algeria in the northeast , Mauritania to the east and south , and the Atlantic Ocean on the west . The largest city is El Aaiún ( Laâyoune ) , which is home to a majority of the population of Western_Sahara .
eos Western_Sahara is a territory of northwestern Africa , bordered by Morocco to the north , Algeria in the northeast , Mauritania to the east and south , and the Atlantic Ocean on the west . The largest city is El Aaiún ( Laâyoune ) , which is home to a majority of the population of Western_Sahara . Western_Sahara has been on the United Nations list of Non - Self - Governing Territories since the 60s when
eos The largest city is El Aaiún ( Laâyoune ) , which is home to a majority of the population of Western_Sahara . Western_Sahara has been on the United Nations list of Non - Self - Governing Territories since the 60s when Western_Sahara was a Spanish colony . The Kingdom of Morocco and the Polisario Front 's Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic ( SADR ) dispute control of
eos Western_Sahara has been on the United Nations list of Non - Self - Governing Territories since the 60s when Western_Sahara was a Spanish colony . The Kingdom of Morocco and the Polisario Front 's Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic ( SADR ) dispute control of Western_Sahara . Since a United Nations - sponsored cease - fire agreement in 1991 , most of
eos 
eos Yemen , officially the Republic of Yemen ( Arabic : الجمهورية اليمنية ) , is a Middle Eastern country located on the Arabian Peninsula in Southwest Asia .
eos ( Arabic : الجمهورية اليمنية ) , is a Middle Eastern country located on the Arabian Peninsula in Southwest Asia . Yemen is composed of former North and South Yemen .
eos ( Arabic : الجمهورية اليمنية ) , is a Middle Eastern country located on the Arabian Peninsula in Southwest Asia . Yemen is composed of former North and South Yemen . Yemen borders the Arabian Sea and Gulf of Aden on the south , the Red Sea on the west , Oman to the northeast and the rest of
eos Yemen is composed of former North and South Yemen . Yemen borders the Arabian Sea and Gulf of Aden on the south , the Red Sea on the west , Oman to the northeast and the rest of Yemen borders Saudi Arabia .
eos 
eos Zambia , officially the Republic of Zambia , is a landlocked country in southern Africa .
eos Zambia borders the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north , Tanzania on the north - east , Malawi on the east , Mozambique , Zimbabwe , Botswana , and Namibia to the south , and Angola on the west . Formerly Northern Rhodesia ,
eos 
eos Zimbabwe ( IPA : "" IPA : "" zɪmˈbɑbwe "" "" ) , officially the Republic of Zimbabwe , and formerly known as the Republic of Rhodesia , is a landlocked country in the southern part of the continent of Africa , between the Zambezi and Limpopo rivers .
eos Shona : dzimba dzemabwe "" '' meaning ` ` houses of stone '' in the Shona language . Its use as
eos 
eos 
eos Aconcagua is the highest mountain in the Americas , and the highest mountain outside Asia .
eos The summit is located about 5 kilometres from San Juan Province and 15 kilometres from the international border with Chile . It lies 112 km ( 70 mi ) west by north of the city of Mendoza .
eos It lies 112 km ( 70 mi ) west by north of the city of Mendoza . Aconcagua is the highest peak in both the Western and Southern Hemispheres .
eos Aconcagua is the highest peak in both the Western and Southern Hemispheres . Aconcagua is one of the Seven Summits .
eos Aconcagua is bounded by the Valle de las Vacas to the north and east and the Valle de los Horcones Inferior to the West and South .
eos Aconcagua is bounded by the Valle de las Vacas to the north and east and the Valle de los Horcones Inferior to the West and South . Aconcagua and
eos Horcones Inferior to the West and South . Aconcagua and Aconcagua surroundings are part of the Aconcagua Provincial Park .
eos Aconcagua has a number of glaciers . The most substantial are the north - eastern or Polish Glacier and the eastern or English Glacier . Aconcagua was created by the subduction of the Nazca Plate beneath the South American plate during the geologically recent Andean orogeny ; however ,
eos Aconcagua has a number of glaciers . The most substantial are the north - eastern or Polish Glacier and the eastern or English Glacier .
eos 
eos The group is known as Nevados de Quimsachata and also contains the peaks of Humarata and Cerro Capurata . The group lies along a north - south alignment .
eos The group is known as Nevados de Quimsachata and also contains the peaks of Humarata and Cerro Capurata . The group lies along a north - south alignment . Acotango is heavily eroded , but a lava flow on
eos The group is known as Nevados de Quimsachata and also contains the peaks of Humarata and Cerro Capurata . The group lies along a north - south alignment . Acotango is heavily eroded , but a lava flow on Acotango northern flank is morphologically young , suggesting
eos 
eos Aguja_Saint_Exupery is a mountain spear ( ` aguja ' ) located near the Cerro Chaltén in the Los Glaciares National Park in Patagonia , Argentina .
eos Aguja_Saint_Exupery is a mountain spear ( ` aguja ' ) located near the Cerro Chaltén in the Los Glaciares National Park in Patagonia , Argentina . Aguja_Saint_Exupery is named in memory of Antoine de Saint Exupéry , the French writer and aviator who was director of the Aeroposta Argentina Company and pioneered postal flights in the Patagonia region between 1929 and 1931 .
eos Aguja_Saint_Exupery is a mountain spear ( ` aguja ' ) located near the Cerro Chaltén in the Los Glaciares National Park in Patagonia , Argentina . Aguja_Saint_Exupery is named in memory of Antoine de Saint Exupéry , the French writer and aviator who was director of the Aeroposta Argentina Company and pioneered postal flights in the Patagonia region between 1929 and 1931 . Aguja_Saint_Exupery might not be as impressive as
eos Aguja_Saint_Exupery is a mountain spear ( ` aguja ' ) located near the Cerro Chaltén in the Los Glaciares National Park in Patagonia , Argentina . Aguja_Saint_Exupery is named in memory of Antoine de Saint Exupéry , the French writer and aviator who was director of the Aeroposta Argentina Company and pioneered postal flights in the Patagonia region between 1929 and 1931 . Aguja_Saint_Exupery might not be as impressive as Aguja_Saint_Exupery taller neighbors Cerro Chaltén and the striking Cerro Torre , but due to the length of
eos Aguja_Saint_Exupery is a mountain spear ( ` aguja ' ) located near the Cerro Chaltén in the Los Glaciares National Park in Patagonia , Argentina . Aguja_Saint_Exupery is named in memory of Antoine de Saint Exupéry , the French writer and aviator who was director of the Aeroposta Argentina Company and pioneered postal flights in the Patagonia region between 1929 and 1931 . Aguja_Saint_Exupery might not be as impressive as Aguja_Saint_Exupery taller neighbors Cerro Chaltén and the striking Cerro Torre , but due to the length of Aguja_Saint_Exupery climbing routes and the extreme weather conditions of the southern Andes ,
eos Aguja_Saint_Exupery is named in memory of Antoine de Saint Exupéry , the French writer and aviator who was director of the Aeroposta Argentina Company and pioneered postal flights in the Patagonia region between 1929 and 1931 . Aguja_Saint_Exupery might not be as impressive as Aguja_Saint_Exupery taller neighbors Cerro Chaltén and the striking Cerro Torre , but due to the length of Aguja_Saint_Exupery climbing routes and the extreme weather conditions of the southern Andes , Aguja_Saint_Exupery shares the same big wall reputation as most Patagonian peaks .
eos Aguja_Saint_Exupery is named in memory of Antoine de Saint Exupéry , the French writer and aviator who was director of the Aeroposta Argentina Company and pioneered postal flights in the Patagonia region between 1929 and 1931 . Aguja_Saint_Exupery might not be as impressive as Aguja_Saint_Exupery taller neighbors Cerro Chaltén and the striking Cerro Torre , but due to the length of Aguja_Saint_Exupery climbing routes and the extreme weather conditions of the southern Andes , Aguja_Saint_Exupery shares the same big wall reputation as most Patagonian peaks . Aguja_Saint_Exupery was first climbed in february 23 , 1968 by Silvia Metzeltin , Gino Buscaini , Lino Condot , Walter Romano & amp ; Silvano Sinigo , an Italian team of climbers who opened a route on
eos 
eos Aiguille_Blanche_de_Peuterey ( 4,112 m ) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif in Italy . There are three tops to
eos * Pointe Seymour King ( 4,107 m ) * Pointe Jones ( 4,104 m ) Together with
eos * Pointe Seymour King ( 4,107 m ) * Pointe Jones ( 4,104 m ) Together with Aiguille_Blanche_de_Peuterey neighbour - the Aiguille Noire de Peuterey ( 3,773 m ) -
eos 
eos Aiguille_Verte ( 4,122 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc Massif in the French Alps .
eos 
eos Aiguille_dArgentiere ( 3,901 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif on the border between France and Switzerland . The first ascent of
eos 
eos Ailefroide ( 3,954 m ) is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins in the French Alps , and Ailefroide is the third highest peak in the Dauphiné Alps after the Barre des Écrins and La Meije .
eos Ailefroide ( 3,954 m ) is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins in the French Alps , and Ailefroide is the third highest peak in the Dauphiné Alps after the Barre des Écrins and La Meije . Ailefroide lies at the south - western end of the Mont Pelvoux - Pic Sans Nom - Ailefroide ridge . There are three main summits on
eos 
eos Alam_Kuh , also transliterated as Alam Kooh ( Persian : علم کوه ) is a mountain in the Alborz mountains range in the north of Iran between Tehran and the Caspian sea , forming a peak of the Takht - e Suleyman Massif . At 4,850 m high ,
eos Subsequently French and Polish teams established other routes on the north face during the 1960 's and 1970 , these being multi - day routes of high Alpine standard and a British team followed in 1978 . Most of the fixed ropes were damaged severely during a major earthquake and consequent rockfall in 2003 .
eos 
eos Alpamayo ( "" Spanish : Nevado Alpamayo "" ) is one of the most conspicuous peaks in the Cordillera Blanca mountain range of the Peruvian Andes .
eos Alpamayo ( "" Spanish : Nevado Alpamayo "" ) is one of the most conspicuous peaks in the Cordillera Blanca mountain range of the Peruvian Andes . Alpamayo is a steep ( sixty degrees ) , almost perfect pyramid of ice , one of a number of peaks that compose the Santa Cruz massif , the northernmost massif of the Cordillera Blanca . Although smaller than many of
eos Alpamayo ( "" Spanish : Nevado Alpamayo "" ) is one of the most conspicuous peaks in the Cordillera Blanca mountain range of the Peruvian Andes . Alpamayo is a steep ( sixty degrees ) , almost perfect pyramid of ice , one of a number of peaks that compose the Santa Cruz massif , the northernmost massif of the Cordillera Blanca . Although smaller than many of Alpamayo neighboring peaks ,
eos Alpamayo ( "" Spanish : Nevado Alpamayo "" ) is one of the most conspicuous peaks in the Cordillera Blanca mountain range of the Peruvian Andes . Alpamayo is a steep ( sixty degrees ) , almost perfect pyramid of ice , one of a number of peaks that compose the Santa Cruz massif , the northernmost massif of the Cordillera Blanca . Although smaller than many of Alpamayo neighboring peaks , Alpamayo is distinguished by
eos Alpamayo is a steep ( sixty degrees ) , almost perfect pyramid of ice , one of a number of peaks that compose the Santa Cruz massif , the northernmost massif of the Cordillera Blanca . Although smaller than many of Alpamayo neighboring peaks , Alpamayo is distinguished by Alpamayo unusual formation and overwhelming beauty .
eos Although smaller than many of Alpamayo neighboring peaks , Alpamayo is distinguished by Alpamayo unusual formation and overwhelming beauty . Alpamayo actually has two sharp summits , North and South , separated by a narrow corniced ridge .
eos Alpamayo name comes from Quechua Allpa = earth Mayu = river : muddy river . In 1966 ,
eos 
eos Alphubel ( 4,206 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . The first ascent of
eos 
eos Ama_Dablam is a mountain in the Himalaya range of eastern Nepal . The main peak is 6,812 metres ( 22,349 feet ) , the lower western peak is 5,563 metres ( 18,251 ft ) . Ama Dablam means ` ` Mother and Pearl Necklace '' ( the perennial hanging glacier is thought of as the pearl ) and Ama_Dablam is a stunningly beautiful mountain
eos The main peak is 6,812 metres ( 22,349 feet ) , the lower western peak is 5,563 metres ( 18,251 ft ) . Ama Dablam means ` ` Mother and Pearl Necklace '' ( the perennial hanging glacier is thought of as the pearl ) and Ama_Dablam is a stunningly beautiful mountain Ama_Dablam many people who visit the area will consider the best in the region . For several days ,
eos Ama Dablam means ` ` Mother and Pearl Necklace '' ( the perennial hanging glacier is thought of as the pearl ) and Ama_Dablam is a stunningly beautiful mountain Ama_Dablam many people who visit the area will consider the best in the region . For several days , Ama_Dablam will dominate the eastern sky for anyone trekking to Mount Everest .
eos Any ice that calves off the glacier typically goes left , away from the camp . However , a 2006 avalanche ( see below ) proved otherwise . A climbing permit and a liaison officer are required when attempting
eos A climbing permit and a liaison officer are required when attempting Ama_Dablam . As with Mt. Everest , the best climbing months are april - May ( before the monsoon ) and september - october .
eos As with Mt. Everest , the best climbing months are april - May ( before the monsoon ) and september - october . Ama_Dablam was originally used by Invesco Perpetual as its branding logo within UK .
eos 
eos Ancohuma is the third highest mountain in Bolivia .
eos Ancohuma is the third highest mountain in Bolivia . Ancohuma is located in the northern section of the Cordillera Real , part of the Andes , east of Lake Titicaca .
eos Ancohuma is located in the northern section of the Cordillera Real , part of the Andes , east of Lake Titicaca . Ancohuma lies just south of the slightly lower Illampu , near the town of Sorata . Despite being higher than Illampu ,
eos Ancohuma is located in the northern section of the Cordillera Real , part of the Andes , east of Lake Titicaca . Ancohuma lies just south of the slightly lower Illampu , near the town of Sorata . Despite being higher than Illampu , Ancohuma is a gentler peak , with less local relief , and
eos Ancohuma lies just south of the slightly lower Illampu , near the town of Sorata . Despite being higher than Illampu , Ancohuma is a gentler peak , with less local relief , and Ancohuma is a somewhat easier climb .
eos Their route , still the easiest , climbs the southwest face , and is rated PD . Other routes exist on the northwest ridge and the west face . Depending on the route desired ,
eos 
eos Aneto is the highest mountain in the Pyrenees .
eos Aneto is the highest mountain in the Pyrenees . Aneto lies in the Spanish province of Huesca , in the north of Aragon .
eos Aneto lies in the Spanish province of Huesca , in the north of Aragon . Aneto forms the southernmost part of the Maladeta massif .
eos Aneto lies in the Spanish province of Huesca , in the north of Aragon . Aneto forms the southernmost part of the Maladeta massif . Aneto is also known as Pic de Néthou in French , though this is little - used as
eos Aneto forms the southernmost part of the Maladeta massif . Aneto is also known as Pic de Néthou in French , though this is little - used as Aneto lies entirely within Spain .
eos 
eos 
eos Annapurna ( Sanskrit , Nepali , Nepal Bhasa : अन्नपूर्ण ) is a series of peaks in the Himalaya , a 55-km - long massif
eos Annapurna ( Sanskrit , Nepali , Nepal Bhasa : अन्नपूर्ण ) is a series of peaks in the Himalaya , a 55-km - long massif Annapurna highest point , Annapurna I , stands at 8,091 m ( 26,538 ft ) , making it the 10th - highest summit in the world and one of the 14 ` ` eight - thousanders '' .
eos Annapurna ( Sanskrit , Nepali , Nepal Bhasa : अन्नपूर्ण ) is a series of peaks in the Himalaya , a 55-km - long massif Annapurna highest point , Annapurna I , stands at 8,091 m ( 26,538 ft ) , making it the 10th - highest summit in the world and one of the 14 ` ` eight - thousanders '' . Annapurna is located east of a great gorge cut through the Himalaya by the Kali Gandaki River , which separates
eos 
eos Antelao is the highest mountain in the eastern Dolomites ( a section of the Alps ) in northeastern Italy , southeast of the town of Cortina d'Ampezzo , in the region of Cadore .
eos Antelao is known as the ` ` King of the Dolomites '' . ( Marmolada , the highest of all the Dolomites , is the ` ` Queen '' . ) Like many Dolomite peaks ,
eos Antelao is known as the ` ` King of the Dolomites '' . ( Marmolada , the highest of all the Dolomites , is the ` ` Queen '' . ) Like many Dolomite peaks , Antelao is steep , rocky , and pointed ;
eos 
eos Arjuno-Welirang is a stratovolcano in the province of East Java on Java , Indonesia .
eos Arjuno-Welirang is a twin volcano . Volcanic cones and craters are located in a 6 km long of line between Arjuno and Welirang .
eos Arjuno-Welirang lies in the older two volcano , named Mount Ringgit to the east and Mount Linting to the south . The summit is unvegetated . Fumarolic area with sulfur deposits are found in several locations on
eos 
eos Being situated in the rain - shadow to the NE of the Vatnajökull icecap , the area receives only about 450 mm of rainfall annually . The area was used during training for the Apollo program to prepare astronauts for potential lunar conditions .
eos Especially in the eastern fjords of Iceland , the ashfall was heavy enough to poison the land and kill livestock . The eruption triggered a substantial wave of emigration from Iceland . The last eruption of
eos The eruption triggered a substantial wave of emigration from Iceland . The last eruption of Askja was in 1961 . The outer caldera of
eos It contains a geothermal lake of mineral - rich , sulphurous , opaque blue water , which is maintained at a comfortable temperature for swimming . Víti was formed in the eruption of 1875 . In 1907 , the German scientists Walter von Knebel and Max Rudloff visited
eos Von Knebel 's fiancée Ina von Grumbkow led an expedition to search for them , but no indication of what happened to them was ever found . In the Dyngjufjöll mountains which surround the Askja caldera can be found the impressive Drekagil , the canyon of dragons . Not far from
eos In the Dyngjufjöll mountains which surround the Askja caldera can be found the impressive Drekagil , the canyon of dragons . Not far from Askja , there are two other interesting volcanic systems : Herðubreið and Kverkfjöll .
eos 
eos Aucanquilcha is a massive stratovolcano located in Antofagasta Region of northern Chile , just south of the border with Bolivia .
eos There is fumarolic activity and voluminous sulfur deposits in the summit region . During the Pleistocene ice ages , an extensive ice cap with an area over 45 km ² ( 17 mi ² ) mantled the upper slopes , extending down as low as 4,600 m ( 15,000 ft ) and leaving large moraines . A sulfur mine was located near the summit of
eos A sulfur mine was located near the summit of Aucanquilcha , which was the world 's highest mine until it closed in the 1990s , and it was serviced by perhaps the highest driveable road in the world , but this road is no longer usable by vehicles . The highest permanent human habitation was a miners ' barracks at about 5,500 m ( 18,000 ft ) . Mining originally began on
eos 
eos Baekdu_Mountain , also known as Changbai Mountain in China , is a volcanic mountain on the border between China and North Korea , located at 42 ° 00 ' 24N , 128 ° 03 ' 18E . At 2,744 m ,
eos Baekdu_Mountain , also known as Changbai Mountain in China , is a volcanic mountain on the border between China and North Korea , located at 42 ° 00 ' 24N , 128 ° 03 ' 18E . At 2,744 m , Baekdu_Mountain is the highest mountain of the Changbai mountain range to the north and Baekdudaegan mountain range to the south .
eos The Korean name , Baekdu - san , means ` ` white - headed mountain '' . The Chinese name , Changbai Shan and the Manchu name , Golmin Aanggiyan Alin mean ` ` perpetually white mountain '' . English - language volcanology resources often refer to
eos The Chinese name , Changbai Shan and the Manchu name , Golmin Aanggiyan Alin mean ` ` perpetually white mountain '' . English - language volcanology resources often refer to Baekdu_Mountain as Baitoushan . One of the highest crater lakes in the world , called Heaven Lake ( "" "" ) , lies at the top of
eos 
eos Baltoro_Kangri is a mountain of the Karakoram mountain range in the Northern Areas of Pakistan .
eos Baltoro_Kangri is a mountain of the Karakoram mountain range in the Northern Areas of Pakistan . Baltoro_Kangri lies to the south of the Gasherbrums and east of Chogolisa Peak ( 7,665 m ) . The huge Baltoro Glacier ( which is one of the largest glaciers outside polar regions ) rises from the foot of
eos Baltoro_Kangri lies to the south of the Gasherbrums and east of Chogolisa Peak ( 7,665 m ) . The huge Baltoro Glacier ( which is one of the largest glaciers outside polar regions ) rises from the foot of Baltoro_Kangri . In the north of
eos 
eos Bamba_Dhura is a Himalayan mountain peak situated in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand , India . With a summit altitude of 6,334 m ,
eos Bamba_Dhura is a Himalayan mountain peak situated in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand , India . With a summit altitude of 6,334 m , Bamba_Dhura is situated on the north west ridge over the end of the Kalabaland Glacier in the eastern part of the district , left to the Milam Glacier . Kalabaland Dhura ( 6,105 m ) is situated on the west of
eos Kalabaland Dhura ( 6,105 m ) is situated on the west of Bamba_Dhura and Chiring We ( 6,559 m ) are on the same massif . Bamba Dhura massif is the part of divide between Kalabaland and Lassar valley .
eos Kalabaland Dhura ( 6,105 m ) is situated on the west of Bamba_Dhura and Chiring We ( 6,559 m ) are on the same massif . Bamba Dhura massif is the part of divide between Kalabaland and Lassar valley . Bamba_Dhura was first climbed to the summit in 1977 from south by col between
eos Bamba Dhura massif is the part of divide between Kalabaland and Lassar valley . Bamba_Dhura was first climbed to the summit in 1977 from south by col between Bamba_Dhura and Chiring We .
eos 
eos Baruntse is a mountain in eastern Nepal , crowned by four peaks and bounded on the south by the Hunku Glacier , on the east by the Barun Glacier , and on the northwest by the Imja Glacier .
eos 
eos Bastion_Peak ( 13,494 ft / 4,113 m ) is located in the Wind River Range in the US state of Wyoming .
eos Bastion_Peak ( 13,494 ft / 4,113 m ) is located in the Wind River Range in the US state of Wyoming . Bastion_Peak is the tenth highest in the range and the eleventh tallest in Wyoming . The summit is located on the Continental Divide and the eastern slopes of
eos 
eos Batura_Sar , also referred to as Batura I , is the 25th highest mountain on earth and the 12th highest in Pakistan .
eos Batura_Sar , also referred to as Batura I , is the 25th highest mountain on earth and the 12th highest in Pakistan . Batura_Sar is the highest peak of the Batura Muztagh , which is the westernmost subrange of the Karakoram range .
eos Batura_Sar is the highest peak of the Batura Muztagh , which is the westernmost subrange of the Karakoram range . Batura_Sar forms the apex of the Batura Wall , which is a continuously high part of the backbone of the Batura Muztagh . Alternate forms of the name of
eos Batura_Sar forms the apex of the Batura Wall , which is a continuously high part of the backbone of the Batura Muztagh . Alternate forms of the name of Batura_Sar are Batura , Batura I , and Batura I East . The height is also sometimes listed as 7785 m , and the Western top of
eos 
eos Bazarduzu is the highest mountain in Azerbaijan at 4,485 metres above sea level .
eos 
eos Belukha_Mountain ( Russian : Белуха ; Altai : Muztau ) , located in the Katun Mountains , is the highest peak of the Altay Mountains in Russia .
eos ( Russian : Белуха ; Altai : Muztau ) , located in the Katun Mountains , is the highest peak of the Altay Mountains in Russia . Belukha_Mountain is part of the World Heritage Site entitled Golden Mountains of Altai .
eos ( Russian : Белуха ; Altai : Muztau ) , located in the Katun Mountains , is the highest peak of the Altay Mountains in Russia . Belukha_Mountain is part of the World Heritage Site entitled Golden Mountains of Altai . Belukha_Mountain is a twin - peaked mountain massif
eos Belukha_Mountain is part of the World Heritage Site entitled Golden Mountains of Altai . Belukha_Mountain is a twin - peaked mountain massif Belukha_Mountain rises along the border of Russia and Kazakhstan , just north of the point where these two borders meet those of China and Mongolia . There are several small glaciers on
eos There are several small glaciers on Belukha_Mountain . Of the two peaks , the eastern peak ( 4,506 m , 14,784 ft . ) is higher than the western peak ( 4,440 m , 14,567 ft . ) .
eos 
eos Biarchedi is a mountain peak on the south of the Baltoro Glacier . In
eos Biarchedi is a mountain peak on the south of the Baltoro Glacier . In Biarchedi southwest is Masherbrum ( 7,806 m ) and in
eos Biarchedi is a mountain peak on the south of the Baltoro Glacier . In Biarchedi southwest is Masherbrum ( 7,806 m ) and in Biarchedi east is the Mitre Peak ( 6,010 m ) . In
eos 
eos Bidean_nam_Bian , lying to the south of Glen Coe , Highland , Scotland , is the highest point in the historic county of Argyllshire .
eos Bidean_nam_Bian , lying to the south of Glen Coe , Highland , Scotland , is the highest point in the historic county of Argyllshire . Bidean_nam_Bian is a complex mountain , with many ridges and subsidiary peaks , one of which , Stob Coire Sgreamhach , is classified as a separate Munro . The most noticeable features of
eos Bidean_nam_Bian is a complex mountain , with many ridges and subsidiary peaks , one of which , Stob Coire Sgreamhach , is classified as a separate Munro . The most noticeable features of Bidean_nam_Bian are the famous Three Sisters of Glen Coe , three peaks ( in reality simply the steep ends of ridges ) that face north into the Glen . Two of the sisters , Gearr Aonach ( Short Ridge ) and Aonach Dubh ( Black Ridge ) converge at Stob Coire nan Lochan , a 1,115 m subsidiary peak of
eos 
eos Bietschhorn ( the ` ` king of the Valais '' ) is one of the highest mountains in the Bernese Alps . The northeast and southern slopes of
eos Bietschhorn ( the ` ` king of the Valais '' ) is one of the highest mountains in the Bernese Alps . The northeast and southern slopes of Bietschhorn are part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site that also includes the Jungfrau and the Aletsch Glacier .
eos The northeast and southern slopes of Bietschhorn are part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site that also includes the Jungfrau and the Aletsch Glacier . Bietschhorn is located south of the Lötschental valley and at the north end of the Bietschtal valley and Baltschiedertal valley .
eos Bietschhorn is located south of the Lötschental valley and at the north end of the Bietschtal valley and Baltschiedertal valley . Bietschhorn is 3938 meters high . Most climbers approach
eos Bietschhorn is 3938 meters high . Most climbers approach Bietschhorn from either the Bietschhornhütte or the Baltscheiderklause .
eos Most climbers approach Bietschhorn from either the Bietschhornhütte or the Baltscheiderklause . Bietschhorn is regarded a fairly difficult mountain to climb .
eos 
eos The range runs roughly northwest - southeast , and is about 12 mi ( 20 km ) long ; the southeastern edge of the range is within 5 mi ( 8 km ) of the border with Mexico . They lie primarily on BLM land .
eos Big_Hatchet_Peak rises steeply out of the Playas Valley , to the west , and the Hatchita Valley , to the east of the range . The summit stands about 4,000 feet above the valley floors . Also , the north and west faces of
eos It is a fault - block range made up of Paleozoic limestone and Cretaceous shale and sandstones . The Big Hatchet Mountains are far from population centers , and have no paved road access or developed recreation sites ; they therefore see little recreational activity . However the standard route on
eos 
eos Black_Tooth_Mountain ( 13,005 ft / 3,964 m ) is located in the Bighorn Mountains in the US state of Wyoming .
eos 
eos Blanca_Peak is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado .
eos Blanca_Peak is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado . Blanca_Peak is the fourth highest mountain in the state , and the seventh highest in the contiguous United States .
eos Blanca_Peak is the fourth highest mountain in the state , and the seventh highest in the contiguous United States . Blanca_Peak is located at the southern end of the Sangre de Cristo Range , a subrange of the larger Sangre de Cristo Mountains , and Blanca_Peak is the highest peak in both ranges .
eos Blanca_Peak marks the common boundary of Huerfano , Costilla and Alamosa counties , approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) ENE of the town of Alamosa . Approximately 15 miles ( 24 km ) to the north - northwest is Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve .
eos Blanca_Peak marks the common boundary of Huerfano , Costilla and Alamosa counties , approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) ENE of the town of Alamosa . Approximately 15 miles ( 24 km ) to the north - northwest is Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve . Blanca_Peak is known to the Navajo people as the Sacred Mountain of the East : Sisnaajinii
eos Blanca_Peak marks the common boundary of Huerfano , Costilla and Alamosa counties , approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) ENE of the town of Alamosa . Approximately 15 miles ( 24 km ) to the north - northwest is Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve . Blanca_Peak is known to the Navajo people as the Sacred Mountain of the East : Sisnaajinii Blanca_Peak is notable not only for
eos Blanca_Peak marks the common boundary of Huerfano , Costilla and Alamosa counties , approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) ENE of the town of Alamosa . Approximately 15 miles ( 24 km ) to the north - northwest is Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve . Blanca_Peak is known to the Navajo people as the Sacred Mountain of the East : Sisnaajinii Blanca_Peak is notable not only for Blanca_Peak absolute height , but also for
eos Approximately 15 miles ( 24 km ) to the north - northwest is Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve . Blanca_Peak is known to the Navajo people as the Sacred Mountain of the East : Sisnaajinii Blanca_Peak is notable not only for Blanca_Peak absolute height , but also for Blanca_Peak great local relief ( by Colorado standards ) and dominant position at the end of the range , rising high above the San Luis Valley to the west . For example ,
eos Blanca_Peak is known to the Navajo people as the Sacred Mountain of the East : Sisnaajinii Blanca_Peak is notable not only for Blanca_Peak absolute height , but also for Blanca_Peak great local relief ( by Colorado standards ) and dominant position at the end of the range , rising high above the San Luis Valley to the west . For example , Blanca_Peak rises 6,000 ft ( 1830 m ) over the edge of the San Luis Valley in only 4.5 mi ( 7.2 km ) .
eos Blanca_Peak is known to the Navajo people as the Sacred Mountain of the East : Sisnaajinii Blanca_Peak is notable not only for Blanca_Peak absolute height , but also for Blanca_Peak great local relief ( by Colorado standards ) and dominant position at the end of the range , rising high above the San Luis Valley to the west . For example , Blanca_Peak rises 6,000 ft ( 1830 m ) over the edge of the San Luis Valley in only 4.5 mi ( 7.2 km ) . Blanca_Peak is also the third most topographically prominent peak in Colorado ;
eos Three other fourteeners are nearby : Mount Lindsey to the east , Ellingwood Point to the north and Little Bear Peak to the southwest . Ellingwood Point is connected to
eos Three other fourteeners are nearby : Mount Lindsey to the east , Ellingwood Point to the north and Little Bear Peak to the southwest . Ellingwood Point is connected to Blanca_Peak by a short , high ridge , and is often climbed in conjunction with
eos Mount Lindsey to the east , Ellingwood Point to the north and Little Bear Peak to the southwest . Ellingwood Point is connected to Blanca_Peak by a short , high ridge , and is often climbed in conjunction with Blanca_Peak . Little Bear also has a high connecting ridge to
eos 
eos Blueemlisalp is a massif of the Bernese Alps , in the territory of the municipalies of Kandersteg and Reichenbach i m Kandertal .
eos Blueemlisalp main peaks are : * Blüemlisalphorn ( 3,664 m ) 46 ° 29 ' 20N , 7 ° 46 ' 30E * Wyssi Frau ( 3,650 m ) 46 ° 29 ' 35N , 7 ° 47 ' 0E * Morgenhorn ( 3,623 m ) 46 ° 29 ' 46N , 7 ° 47 ' 28E
eos * Blüemlisalphorn ( 3,664 m ) 46 ° 29 ' 20N , 7 ° 46 ' 30E * Wyssi Frau ( 3,650 m ) 46 ° 29 ' 35N , 7 ° 47 ' 0E * Morgenhorn ( 3,623 m ) 46 ° 29 ' 46N , 7 ° 47 ' 28E Blueemlisalp is contained within the canton of Berne , and Blueemlisalp forms a northern extension to the main range of the Bernese alps . To the west ,
eos * Blüemlisalphorn ( 3,664 m ) 46 ° 29 ' 20N , 7 ° 46 ' 30E * Wyssi Frau ( 3,650 m ) 46 ° 29 ' 35N , 7 ° 47 ' 0E * Morgenhorn ( 3,623 m ) 46 ° 29 ' 46N , 7 ° 47 ' 28E Blueemlisalp is contained within the canton of Berne , and Blueemlisalp forms a northern extension to the main range of the Bernese alps . To the west , Blueemlisalp is connected with the Dolderhorn group via the Oeschinenhorn and Fründenhorn peaks ; to the east ,
eos 
eos Bojohagur_Duanasir or Bojohaghur Duanasir is a summit in the Batura Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range .
eos Bojohagur_Duanasir or Bojohaghur Duanasir is a summit in the Batura Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range . Bojohagur_Duanasir is the west summit of a short ridge whose high point is Ultar Sar , also known as Bojohaghur Duanasir II ( despite being higher ) .
eos Bojohagur_Duanasir is the west summit of a short ridge whose high point is Ultar Sar , also known as Bojohaghur Duanasir II ( despite being higher ) . Bojohagur_Duanasir lies about 10 km ( 6 miles ) northeast of the Karimabad , a town on the Karakoram Highway in the Hunza Valley , part of the Gilgit district of the Northern Areas of Pakistan .
eos 
eos Bomber_Mountain is the crest of a ridge line within the Big Horn Mountains of the US State of Wyoming .
eos Bomber_Mountain is the crest of a ridge line within the Big Horn Mountains of the US State of Wyoming . Bomber_Mountain rises to an elevation of 12,448 feet ( 3,794 meters ) , and Bomber_Mountain borders the south side of Cloud Peak , the tallest peak in the range .
eos Bomber_Mountain is the crest of a ridge line within the Big Horn Mountains of the US State of Wyoming . Bomber_Mountain rises to an elevation of 12,448 feet ( 3,794 meters ) , and Bomber_Mountain borders the south side of Cloud Peak , the tallest peak in the range . Bomber_Mountain get
eos 
eos Borah_Peak ( also known as Mount Borah ) is the tallest mountain in Idaho , rising to 12,662 feet ( 3,859 m ) .
eos Borah_Peak ( also known as Mount Borah ) is the tallest mountain in Idaho , rising to 12,662 feet ( 3,859 m ) . Borah_Peak is located in the central section of the Lost River Range within the Challis National Forest .
eos Borah_Peak is named for William Edgar Borah ( 1865 - 1940 ) , US Senator from Idaho serving from 1907 - 1940 . On october 28 , 1983 a magnitude 7.3 earthquake struck the Borah Peak area . The earthquake lifted
eos Borah_Peak is named for William Edgar Borah ( 1865 - 1940 ) , US Senator from Idaho serving from 1907 - 1940 . On october 28 , 1983 a magnitude 7.3 earthquake struck the Borah Peak area . The earthquake lifted Borah_Peak 7 feet ( 2 m ) from 12,655 feet ( 3,857 m ) to
eos An ice axe is strongly recommended for this section . Parties should turn back if there is any doubt about being able to make the crossing .
eos Borah_Peak north face is one of Idaho 's only year - round snow climbs and provides a much greater challenge than the normal route . The face features a number of grade II class 5 routes on mixed terrain . Three climbers have died on
eos 
eos However , inexperienced mountaineers may run into severe difficulty if caution is not taken near cornices or in bad weather . For experienced climbers wanting more of a challenge , the half traverse of the Breithorn crest is another option .
eos 
eos Bridge_Mountain is one of the mountains surrounding Red Rock Canyon in the Spring Mountains of Nevada , United States .
eos Bridge_Mountain is one of the mountains surrounding Red Rock Canyon in the Spring Mountains of Nevada , United States . Bridge_Mountain is named after the natural feature of a bridge - like natural arch near the summit .
eos 
eos Broad_Peak ( originally named K3 ) is the 12th highest mountain on Earth , located on the border of China - Kashmir .
eos Broad_Peak ( originally named K3 ) is the 12th highest mountain on Earth , located on the border of China - Kashmir . Broad_Peak is part of the Gasherbrum massif and Broad_Peak is about 8 kilometres ( 5 miles ) from K2 .
eos Broad_Peak is part of the Gasherbrum massif and Broad_Peak is about 8 kilometres ( 5 miles ) from K2 . Broad_Peak was originally named K3 right after the naming of K2 but on closer inspection by a later party , it was discovered that the summit was over 1 1/2 kilometres ( 1 mile ) long , thus ` ` Broad Peak '' .
eos Broad_Peak is known locally as Faichan Kangri . The literal translation of ` ` Broad Peak '' to Phalchan Kangri is not accepted among the Baltis . The first ascent of
eos 
eos Buck_Mountain is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , immediately southeast of Grand Teton .
eos 
eos Camels_Hump_Vermont is Vermont 's third highest mountain and highest undeveloped peak , and because of
eos Camels_Hump_Vermont is Vermont 's third highest mountain and highest undeveloped peak , and because of Camels_Hump_Vermont distinctive profile , perhaps the state 's most recognized mountain . Part of the Green Mountain range ,
eos Camels_Hump_Vermont is Vermont 's third highest mountain and highest undeveloped peak , and because of Camels_Hump_Vermont distinctive profile , perhaps the state 's most recognized mountain . Part of the Green Mountain range , Camels_Hump_Vermont is one of the oldest mountains on earth . With
eos Camels_Hump_Vermont is Vermont 's third highest mountain and highest undeveloped peak , and because of Camels_Hump_Vermont distinctive profile , perhaps the state 's most recognized mountain . Part of the Green Mountain range , Camels_Hump_Vermont is one of the oldest mountains on earth . With Camels_Hump_Vermont neighbor to the north , Mount Mansfield ,
eos Part of the Green Mountain range , Camels_Hump_Vermont is one of the oldest mountains on earth . With Camels_Hump_Vermont neighbor to the north , Mount Mansfield , Camels_Hump_Vermont borders the notch that the antecedent Winooski River has carved through this area over eons . The hiking trails on
eos Part of the Green Mountain range , Camels_Hump_Vermont is one of the oldest mountains on earth . With Camels_Hump_Vermont neighbor to the north , Mount Mansfield , Camels_Hump_Vermont borders the notch that the antecedent Winooski River has carved through this area over eons . The hiking trails on Camels_Hump_Vermont were among the first cut in the Long Trail system , and
eos 
eos ( el . 2785 m. / 9137 ft . ) is a mountain located in the Pyrenees of southern France . Due to
eos ( el . 2785 m. / 9137 ft . ) is a mountain located in the Pyrenees of southern France . Due to Canigou sharp flanks and
eos ( el . 2785 m. / 9137 ft . ) is a mountain located in the Pyrenees of southern France . Due to Canigou sharp flanks and Canigou situation in between high mountains and plateaus
eos 2785 m. / 9137 ft . ) is a mountain located in the Pyrenees of southern France . Due to Canigou sharp flanks and Canigou situation in between high mountains and plateaus Canigou was accidentally believed to be the highest mountain in the Pyrenees .
eos 
eos Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire ( formerly Profile Mountain ) is a 4,100 foot ( 1,250 m ) peak in the White Mountains of New Hampshire . Known for both
eos Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire ( formerly Profile Mountain ) is a 4,100 foot ( 1,250 m ) peak in the White Mountains of New Hampshire . Known for both Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire technical rock & amp ; ice climbing ( particularly on Cannon Cliff , pictured ) and
eos Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire ( formerly Profile Mountain ) is a 4,100 foot ( 1,250 m ) peak in the White Mountains of New Hampshire . Known for both Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire technical rock & amp ; ice climbing ( particularly on Cannon Cliff , pictured ) and Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire skiing (
eos Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire ( formerly Profile Mountain ) is a 4,100 foot ( 1,250 m ) peak in the White Mountains of New Hampshire . Known for both Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire technical rock & amp ; ice climbing ( particularly on Cannon Cliff , pictured ) and Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire skiing ( Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is a state owned ski area ) ,
eos Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire ( formerly Profile Mountain ) is a 4,100 foot ( 1,250 m ) peak in the White Mountains of New Hampshire . Known for both Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire technical rock & amp ; ice climbing ( particularly on Cannon Cliff , pictured ) and Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire skiing ( Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is a state owned ski area ) , Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire was home to the Old Man of the Mountain until the formation collapsed on May 3 , 2003 .
eos Known for both Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire technical rock & amp ; ice climbing ( particularly on Cannon Cliff , pictured ) and Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire skiing ( Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is a state owned ski area ) , Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire was home to the Old Man of the Mountain until the formation collapsed on May 3 , 2003 . Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is the parent mountain of three mountains , with heights of 3,693 , 3,700 , and 3,769 feet ( 1,125 , 1,127 and 1,148 m ) , collectively known as ` ` The Cannon Balls . ''
eos Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is the parent mountain of three mountains , with heights of 3,693 , 3,700 , and 3,769 feet ( 1,125 , 1,127 and 1,148 m ) , collectively known as ` ` The Cannon Balls . '' Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is a type of geological formation known as an exfoliating granite dome which is layered like an onion .
eos 
eos 
eos Cascade_Mountain_Alberta is a mountain located in the Bow River Valley of Banff National Park , adjacent to the town of Banff .
eos Cascade_Mountain_Alberta is a mountain located in the Bow River Valley of Banff National Park , adjacent to the town of Banff . Cascade_Mountain_Alberta was named in 1858 by James Hector after the waterfall or cascade on the southern flanks of the peak .
eos Cascade_Mountain_Alberta was named in 1858 by James Hector after the waterfall or cascade on the southern flanks of the peak . Cascade_Mountain_Alberta has also been called Stoney Chief , which is related to the name of the smaller neighbouring mountain Stoney Squaw , which is still in use .
eos Cascade_Mountain_Alberta has also been called Stoney Chief , which is related to the name of the smaller neighbouring mountain Stoney Squaw , which is still in use . Cascade_Mountain_Alberta is the highest mountain adjacent to the townsite .
eos 
eos Castle_Mountain is located within Banff National Park in the Canadian Rockies , approximately half - way between Banff and Lake Louise . While looking nearly impenetrable from the Trans - Canada Highway ,
eos While looking nearly impenetrable from the Trans - Canada Highway , Castle_Mountain can be ascended from the backside on the northeastern slopes . The trail to Rockbound Lake leads hikers around the eastern side .
eos While looking nearly impenetrable from the Trans - Canada Highway , Castle_Mountain can be ascended from the backside on the northeastern slopes . The trail to Rockbound Lake leads hikers around the eastern side . Castle_Mountain was named in 1858 by James Hector for
eos 
eos Cathedral_Peak_California is the crowning summit of the Cathedral Range , a mountain range in the south - central portion of Yosemite National Park in Tuolumne County , California . The range is an offshoot of the Sierra Nevada Mountains .
eos Cathedral_Peak_California is the crowning summit of the Cathedral Range , a mountain range in the south - central portion of Yosemite National Park in Tuolumne County , California . The range is an offshoot of the Sierra Nevada Mountains . Cathedral_Peak_California ,
eos Cathedral_Peak_California is the crowning summit of the Cathedral Range , a mountain range in the south - central portion of Yosemite National Park in Tuolumne County , California . The range is an offshoot of the Sierra Nevada Mountains . Cathedral_Peak_California , Cathedral_Peak_California lends
eos Cathedral_Peak_California is the crowning summit of the Cathedral Range , a mountain range in the south - central portion of Yosemite National Park in Tuolumne County , California . The range is an offshoot of the Sierra Nevada Mountains . Cathedral_Peak_California , Cathedral_Peak_California lends Cathedral_Peak_California name to the range , derives
eos Cathedral_Peak_California is the crowning summit of the Cathedral Range , a mountain range in the south - central portion of Yosemite National Park in Tuolumne County , California . The range is an offshoot of the Sierra Nevada Mountains . Cathedral_Peak_California , Cathedral_Peak_California lends Cathedral_Peak_California name to the range , derives Cathedral_Peak_California name from
eos The range is an offshoot of the Sierra Nevada Mountains . Cathedral_Peak_California , Cathedral_Peak_California lends Cathedral_Peak_California name to the range , derives Cathedral_Peak_California name from Cathedral_Peak_California cathedral - shaped peak , which was formed by glacial activity : the peak remained uneroded above the glaciers in the Pleistocene . The west peak of
eos Cathedral_Peak_California , Cathedral_Peak_California lends Cathedral_Peak_California name to the range , derives Cathedral_Peak_California name from Cathedral_Peak_California cathedral - shaped peak , which was formed by glacial activity : the peak remained uneroded above the glaciers in the Pleistocene . The west peak of Cathedral_Peak_California ( shown foreshortened in the photograph ) is called Eichorn Pinnacle , after Jules Eichorn , who first ascended a YDS 5.4 route in 1931 . In 1869 , John Muir wrote My first summer in the Sierra , where he described
eos Cayambe ( or Volcán Cayambe ) is the name of a volcano located in the Cordillera Oriental , a branch of the Ecuadorian Andes .
eos Cayambe ( or Volcán Cayambe ) is the name of a volcano located in the Cordillera Oriental , a branch of the Ecuadorian Andes . Cayambe_volcano is located in Pichincha province some 70 km ( 43 mi ) northeast of Quito .
eos Cayambe_volcano is located in Pichincha province some 70 km ( 43 mi ) northeast of Quito . Cayambe_volcano is the third highest mountain in Ecuador .
eos Cayambe_volcano is located in Pichincha province some 70 km ( 43 mi ) northeast of Quito . Cayambe_volcano is the third highest mountain in Ecuador . Cayambe_volcano ,
eos Cayambe_volcano is located in Pichincha province some 70 km ( 43 mi ) northeast of Quito . Cayambe_volcano is the third highest mountain in Ecuador . Cayambe_volcano , Cayambe_volcano has a permanent snow cap , is a Holocene compound volcano
eos Cayambe_volcano is the third highest mountain in Ecuador . Cayambe_volcano , Cayambe_volcano has a permanent snow cap , is a Holocene compound volcano Cayambe_volcano has not erupted in historical times . At 4,690 m ( 15,387 ft ) on
eos Cayambe_volcano , Cayambe_volcano has a permanent snow cap , is a Holocene compound volcano Cayambe_volcano has not erupted in historical times . At 4,690 m ( 15,387 ft ) on Cayambe_volcano south slope is the highest point in the world crossed by the Equator and the only point on the Equator with snow cover ( see , for example , Google Earth images ) .
eos At 4,690 m ( 15,387 ft ) on Cayambe_volcano south slope is the highest point in the world crossed by the Equator and the only point on the Equator with snow cover ( see , for example , Google Earth images ) . Cayambe_volcano is located within the Cayambe - Coca Ecological Reserve . The town of Cayambe takes its name from
eos Cayambe_volcano is located within the Cayambe - Coca Ecological Reserve . The town of Cayambe takes its name from Cayambe_volcano .
eos 
eos 
eos Cerro_Chirripo is the highest mountain in Costa Rica , with an altitude of 3,820 metres .
eos Cerro_Chirripo is the highest mountain in Costa Rica , with an altitude of 3,820 metres . Cerro_Chirripo is located in the Chirripó National Park and Cerro_Chirripo is noted for
eos The high peaks in this and La Amistad International Park host important areas of Talamancan montane forest and Costa Rican Páramo with high endemism and an extremely high biodiversity . Due to the height of these mountains , its peaks are sky islands for many species of plants and animals . The great height of
eos The high peaks in this and La Amistad International Park host important areas of Talamancan montane forest and Costa Rican Páramo with high endemism and an extremely high biodiversity . Due to the height of these mountains , its peaks are sky islands for many species of plants and animals . The great height of Cerro_Chirripo relative to
eos The high peaks in this and La Amistad International Park host important areas of Talamancan montane forest and Costa Rican Páramo with high endemism and an extremely high biodiversity . Due to the height of these mountains , its peaks are sky islands for many species of plants and animals . The great height of Cerro_Chirripo relative to Cerro_Chirripo surroundings is also evidenced by
eos The high peaks in this and La Amistad International Park host important areas of Talamancan montane forest and Costa Rican Páramo with high endemism and an extremely high biodiversity . Due to the height of these mountains , its peaks are sky islands for many species of plants and animals . The great height of Cerro_Chirripo relative to Cerro_Chirripo surroundings is also evidenced by Cerro_Chirripo particularly high topographic prominence of 3727 m , which makes
eos 
eos Cerro_Fabrega is a mountain in Bocas del Toro Province of western Panama .
eos 
eos 
eos Cerro_Potosi is the highest mountain in the Sierra Madre Oriental mountain range of northeast Mexico .
eos Cerro_Potosi is the highest mountain in the Sierra Madre Oriental mountain range of northeast Mexico . Cerro_Potosi is located in the state of Nuevo León , about 80 km ( 50 mi ) south of Monterrey .
eos Cerro_Potosi is the highest mountain in the Sierra Madre Oriental mountain range of northeast Mexico . Cerro_Potosi is located in the state of Nuevo León , about 80 km ( 50 mi ) south of Monterrey . Cerro_Potosi is composed of limestone , and Cerro_Potosi is noted for
eos 
eos Cerro_Torre is one of the most spectacular mountains of the Southern Patagonian Ice Field in South America .
eos Cerro_Torre is one of the most spectacular mountains of the Southern Patagonian Ice Field in South America . Cerro_Torre is located in a region which is disputed between Argentina and Chile , west of Cerro Chalten ( also known as Fitz Roy ) .
eos 
eos It was only when the slopes and shapes of the pyramid , the floors with altars were found , that they finally believed us . '' Noting the important Holy Week celebrations on the site , he said ` ` Both the pre - Hispanic structure and the Holy Week rituals are part of our cultural legacy , so we have to look for a way to protect both cultural values . '' Another important archaeological site on
eos Noting the important Holy Week celebrations on the site , he said ` ` Both the pre - Hispanic structure and the Holy Week rituals are part of our cultural legacy , so we have to look for a way to protect both cultural values . '' Another important archaeological site on Cerro_de_la_Estrella is the Aztec New Fire temple .
eos 
eos Cerro_de_la_Muerte is the second highest peak in Costa Rica .
eos Cerro_de_la_Muerte is the second highest peak in Costa Rica . Cerro_de_la_Muerte name means ` ` Mountain of Death '' , since in the past crossing the mountains from the Valle Central meant a three or four day journey , on foot or on horseback , and many ill - prepared travelers succumbed to the cold and rain . However ,
eos The drivable track from the highway leads to the summit , with its cluster of telecommunications aerials . At this altitude , overnight temperatures can dip close to freezing , but the sun soon raises the temperatures in the morning , with a high risk of sunburn in the thin clear air .
eos The higher areas are páramo habitat , with stunted shrubs , dwarf bamboo , and tree ferns , and smaller plants like blueberry , gooseberry and lady 's slipper . Below this zone , the natural vegetation is oak forest with bamboo understory , an excellent place to see the charismatic Resplendent Quetzal . Nearly fifty percent of the bird species recorded from
eos 
eos Cerro_de_la_Silla ( English : Saddle Hill ) , named for
eos Cerro_de_la_Silla ( English : Saddle Hill ) , named for Cerro_de_la_Silla distinctive saddle - shaped profile when viewed from the west , is a famous symbol of the landscape of the state of Nuevo León , Mexico . Even though
eos Cerro_de_la_Silla ( English : Saddle Hill ) , named for Cerro_de_la_Silla distinctive saddle - shaped profile when viewed from the west , is a famous symbol of the landscape of the state of Nuevo León , Mexico . Even though Cerro_de_la_Silla is located in the adjacent city of Guadalupe ,
eos ( English : Saddle Hill ) , named for Cerro_de_la_Silla distinctive saddle - shaped profile when viewed from the west , is a famous symbol of the landscape of the state of Nuevo León , Mexico . Even though Cerro_de_la_Silla is located in the adjacent city of Guadalupe , Cerro_de_la_Silla is widely associated to the city of Monterrey , Mexico .
eos Even though Cerro_de_la_Silla is located in the adjacent city of Guadalupe , Cerro_de_la_Silla is widely associated to the city of Monterrey , Mexico . Cerro_de_la_Silla covers an area of 60.5 square kilometres ( 23 mi ² ) .
eos Cerro_de_la_Silla has four peaks : Pico Antena , Pico Norte , Pico Sur and Pico la Virgen ; Pico Norte ( North Peak ) is the highest at 1820 m ( 5970 ft ) while Pico la Virgen ( Virgin 's Peak ) is the lowest at 1750 m ( 5740 ft ) . Set aside as a Natural Monument by the government of Mexico in 1991 ,
eos The ascent is considered fairly difficult , requiring approximately 3 hours to complete . A panoramic view of the city of Monterrey can be seen from the top . In the second half of the XX century , an aerial tramway was built to give a fastest access to
eos 
eos Chakragil ( or Chagragil , Chakar Aghil , Kingata Tagh "" or Kingata Tagh II , see below "" ) is a major mountain in Xinjiang , China .
eos Chakragil ( or Chagragil , Chakar Aghil , Kingata Tagh "" or Kingata Tagh II , see below "" ) is a major mountain in Xinjiang , China . Chakragil is located about southwest of Kashgar , about due north of Muztagh Ata , and northwest of Kongur .
eos Chakragil is located about southwest of Kashgar , about due north of Muztagh Ata , and northwest of Kongur . Chakragil is in the subrange known as the Kingata Shan , at the extreme northwest end of the Kunlun Mountains , near the Pamir Mountains , and Chakragil is sometimes considered part of the latter . The Gez River flows just south of
eos Chakragil is in the subrange known as the Kingata Shan , at the extreme northwest end of the Kunlun Mountains , near the Pamir Mountains , and Chakragil is sometimes considered part of the latter . The Gez River flows just south of Chakragil . Due to
eos Chakragil is in the subrange known as the Kingata Shan , at the extreme northwest end of the Kunlun Mountains , near the Pamir Mountains , and Chakragil is sometimes considered part of the latter . The Gez River flows just south of Chakragil . Due to Chakragil remote location ,
eos The Gez River flows just south of Chakragil . Due to Chakragil remote location , Chakragil is a little - visited peak .
eos Chakragil was attempted by the famed mountaineering pair of Eric Shipton and Bill Tilman in september , 1948 . However they only reached a height of about 5,200 m ( 17,000 ft ) . On september 1 , 1988 , Japanese leader Misao Hirano , together with Minoru Hachisu and Kenji Nakayama , made the first ascent of
eos However they only reached a height of about 5,200 m ( 17,000 ft ) . On september 1 , 1988 , Japanese leader Misao Hirano , together with Minoru Hachisu and Kenji Nakayama , made the first ascent of Chakragil .
eos Names of peaks and ranges in this area are often uncertain . Chakragil is one of the peaks in the Kingata Shan , but it is unclear which of these peaks it should be identified with . For the purposes of this article ( in particular the topographic prominence value ) , we are treating Chakragil as identical with
eos Chakragil is one of the peaks in the Kingata Shan , but it is unclear which of these peaks it should be identified with . For the purposes of this article ( in particular the topographic prominence value ) , we are treating Chakragil as identical with Chakragil , the highest peak of the Kingata Shan . If this identification is incorrect ( in particular , Chakragil may actually be Kingata Tagh II ) , it is unclear what peak ( s ) were climbed in 1988 and 2001 , and it is unclear whether
eos 
eos 
eos Champagne_Castle is a mountain in the central Drakensberg range , and Champagne_Castle is the second highest peak in South Africa .
eos 
eos Changtse ( Tibetan : ` ` north peak '' ) is a mountain situated between the Main Rongbuk and East Rongbuk Glaciers in Tibet immediately north of Mount Everest .
eos 
eos Cheaha_Mountain , often called Mount Cheaha , is the highest point in the US state of Alabama .
eos Near the peak is Bald Rock , which was recently improved with a wheelchair - accessible wooden walkway that provides an impressive overlook of the surrounding region . The entire area gives an impression of being at a much higher elevation than it actually is , in part because of the relatively low elevation of the adjacent area to the west .
eos The entire area gives an impression of being at a much higher elevation than it actually is , in part because of the relatively low elevation of the adjacent area to the west . Cheaha_Mountain is part of the Talladega Mountains , a final southern segment of the Blue Ridge , unlike other elevations of the Appalachians in north Alabama , which are part of the Cumberland Plateau .
eos These transmitters , along with sundry structures dating back to commercial schemes by the State of Alabama in the Seventies , stand in stark contrast to the surrounding natural environment . The Calhoun County Amateur Radio Association has a repeater near the peak and Alabama Public Television has its transmitter for WCIQ TV ( and digital DTV 52 ) . The used antenna tower is 176.1 metres tall atop
eos The Calhoun County Amateur Radio Association has a repeater near the peak and Alabama Public Television has its transmitter for WCIQ TV ( and digital DTV 52 ) . The used antenna tower is 176.1 metres tall atop Cheaha_Mountain .
eos 
eos Chief_Mountain is located in the US state of Montana on the eastern border of Glacier National Park and the Blackfeet Indian Reservation .
eos Chief_Mountain is located in the US state of Montana on the eastern border of Glacier National Park and the Blackfeet Indian Reservation . Chief_Mountain is one of the most prominent peaks along the Rocky Mountain Front , a 200 mile ( 321 km ) long overthrust fault , known as the Lewis Overthrust , which extends from central Montana into southern Alberta , Canada .
eos Chief_Mountain is located in the US state of Montana on the eastern border of Glacier National Park and the Blackfeet Indian Reservation . Chief_Mountain is one of the most prominent peaks along the Rocky Mountain Front , a 200 mile ( 321 km ) long overthrust fault , known as the Lewis Overthrust , which extends from central Montana into southern Alberta , Canada . Chief_Mountain is easily seen from Montana and Alberta due to the rapid 5,000 foot ( 1,524 m ) altitude gain over the Great Plains which are immediately east of
eos Chief_Mountain is one of the most prominent peaks along the Rocky Mountain Front , a 200 mile ( 321 km ) long overthrust fault , known as the Lewis Overthrust , which extends from central Montana into southern Alberta , Canada . Chief_Mountain is easily seen from Montana and Alberta due to the rapid 5,000 foot ( 1,524 m ) altitude gain over the Great Plains which are immediately east of Chief_Mountain .
eos Chief_Mountain is easily seen from Montana and Alberta due to the rapid 5,000 foot ( 1,524 m ) altitude gain over the Great Plains which are immediately east of Chief_Mountain . Chief_Mountain has been a sacred mountain to Native American tribes for hundreds of years .
eos Chief_Mountain has been a sacred mountain to Native American tribes for hundreds of years . Chief_Mountain was seen by white explorers in the late 1700s and Chief_Mountain was known as ` ` Kings Peak '' on maps produced in the United Kingdom in 1795 . Meriwether Lewis , coleader of the Lewis and Clark Expedition , saw
eos Chief_Mountain has been a sacred mountain to Native American tribes for hundreds of years . Chief_Mountain was seen by white explorers in the late 1700s and Chief_Mountain was known as ` ` Kings Peak '' on maps produced in the United Kingdom in 1795 . Meriwether Lewis , coleader of the Lewis and Clark Expedition , saw Chief_Mountain in 1805 and called
eos Chief_Mountain was seen by white explorers in the late 1700s and Chief_Mountain was known as ` ` Kings Peak '' on maps produced in the United Kingdom in 1795 . Meriwether Lewis , coleader of the Lewis and Clark Expedition , saw Chief_Mountain in 1805 and called Chief_Mountain ` ` Tower Mountain '' . The name was changed in the late 1800s in reflection of Blackfeet naming of
eos Meriwether Lewis , coleader of the Lewis and Clark Expedition , saw Chief_Mountain in 1805 and called Chief_Mountain ` ` Tower Mountain '' . The name was changed in the late 1800s in reflection of Blackfeet naming of Chief_Mountain which was ` ` Great Chief '' . When Glacier National Park was created in 1910 , the summit and most prominent eastern slopes of
eos The name was changed in the late 1800s in reflection of Blackfeet naming of Chief_Mountain which was ` ` Great Chief '' . When Glacier National Park was created in 1910 , the summit and most prominent eastern slopes of Chief_Mountain were located within the park , leaving only the lower slopes within Blackfeet jurisdiction . The eastern face of
eos The eastern face of Chief_Mountain rises over 1,500 vertical feet ( 457 m ) and the easiest route on this section is rated class 4 by mountaineers . The rock is also primarily sedimentary and provides poor anchor points , which in turn is a contributing factor to the difficulty rating . Henry Stimson and two other explorers , including a Blackfeet Indian , climbed the difficult eastern face on september 8 , 1892 , and this is the first known ascent of
eos Henry Stimson and two other explorers , including a Blackfeet Indian , climbed the difficult eastern face on september 8 , 1892 , and this is the first known ascent of Chief_Mountain by white explorers . Upon the summit , Stimson 's party observed ceremonial remains including bison skulls that had been left behind by Native Americans . The eastern face of
eos 
eos 
eos Chimborazo_volcano ( ) is Ecuador 's highest summit .
eos ( ) is Ecuador 's highest summit . Chimborazo_volcano last eruption is thought to have occurred some time in the first millennium CE .
eos 
eos 
eos Chomolhari , sometimes known as ` ` the bride of Kangchenjunga '' , is a mountain in the Himalayas , straddling the border between Yadong County of Tibet and the Paro district of Bhutan .
eos Chomolhari , sometimes known as ` ` the bride of Kangchenjunga '' , is a mountain in the Himalayas , straddling the border between Yadong County of Tibet and the Paro district of Bhutan . Chomolhari is sacred to Tibetan Buddhists who make an annual pilgrimage from Phari Dzong to the holy lake Chomo Lharang at c 5100 m just north of
eos Chomolhari is sacred to Tibetan Buddhists who make an annual pilgrimage from Phari Dzong to the holy lake Chomo Lharang at c 5100 m just north of Chomolhari . The north face rises over 2700 metres ( 9,000 ft ) above the barren plains . Despite
eos Chomolhari is sacred to Tibetan Buddhists who make an annual pilgrimage from Phari Dzong to the holy lake Chomo Lharang at c 5100 m just north of Chomolhari . The north face rises over 2700 metres ( 9,000 ft ) above the barren plains . Despite Chomolhari notability and spectacular visibility from the major trade route from India into Tibet 's Phari Valley ,
eos This climb earned Prezelj and Lorencic the Piolet d'Or in january 2007 . There is no evidence that
eos This climb earned Prezelj and Lorencic the Piolet d'Or in january 2007 . There is no evidence that Chomolhari ,
eos d'Or in january 2007 . There is no evidence that Chomolhari , Chomolhari official elevation is very close to a round 24,000 feet , has ever been accurately measured .
eos 
eos Chongra_Peak is a peak in the Himalaya range of the Northern Areas of Pakistan .
eos Chongra_Peak is a peak in the Himalaya range of the Northern Areas of Pakistan . Chongra_Peak is one of the many subsidiary summits of the Nanga Parbat massif .
eos 
eos Chutine_Peak is one of the highest mountains in the Boundary Ranges , a group of subranges of the northern Pacific Coast Range of British Columbia and Alaska .
eos Chutine_Peak is one of the highest mountains in the Boundary Ranges , a group of subranges of the northern Pacific Coast Range of British Columbia and Alaska . Chutine_Peak lies just east of the Stikine Icecap , and west of the Stikine River .
eos Chutine_Peak is one of the highest mountains in the Boundary Ranges , a group of subranges of the northern Pacific Coast Range of British Columbia and Alaska . Chutine_Peak lies just east of the Stikine Icecap , and west of the Stikine River . Chutine_Peak is notable for
eos Chutine_Peak lies just east of the Stikine Icecap , and west of the Stikine River . Chutine_Peak is notable for Chutine_Peak huge west face : the drop to Chutine Lake is 2,600 m ( 8,530 feet ) in 3.5 km ( 2.2 miles ) . Due to
eos Chutine_Peak lies just east of the Stikine Icecap , and west of the Stikine River . Chutine_Peak is notable for Chutine_Peak huge west face : the drop to Chutine Lake is 2,600 m ( 8,530 feet ) in 3.5 km ( 2.2 miles ) . Due to Chutine_Peak remoteness , however ,
eos 
eos Cloud_Peak is the highest peak within the Big Horn Mountains in the US state of Wyoming .
eos Cloud_Peak is the highest peak within the Big Horn Mountains in the US state of Wyoming . Cloud_Peak rises to an elevation of 13,167 feet ( 4,013 m ) and Cloud_Peak provides onlookers with dramatic views and vistas .
eos Cloud_Peak rises to an elevation of 13,167 feet ( 4,013 m ) and Cloud_Peak provides onlookers with dramatic views and vistas . Cloud_Peak can be climbed most easily from the western side .
eos Cloud_Peak can be climbed most easily from the western side . Cloud_Peak is located in the 189,000 acre ( 765 km ² ) Cloud Peak Wilderness within Bighorn National Forest . The northeast slope of
eos Cloud_Peak is located in the 189,000 acre ( 765 km ² ) Cloud Peak Wilderness within Bighorn National Forest . The northeast slope of Cloud_Peak is a deep cirque which harbors Cloud Peak Glacier , the last active glacier in the Bighorn Mountains .
eos Cloud_Peak is on the border between Johnson County and Big Horn County in Wyoming and Cloud_Peak is the high point of both counties . As the high point of an isolated range ,
eos is the high point of both counties . As the high point of an isolated range , Cloud_Peak has a particularly high topographic prominence of 7,067 ft ( 2,154 m ) . In fact ,
eos 
eos Cloudveil_Dome is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , immediately southeast of Grand Teton .
eos Cloudveil_Dome is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , immediately southeast of Grand Teton . Cloudveil_Dome is in the central portions of the range , immediately east of South Teton and Cloudveil_Dome is sometimes considered to be part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group .
eos Cloudveil_Dome is in the central portions of the range , immediately east of South Teton and Cloudveil_Dome is sometimes considered to be part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group . Cloudveil_Dome rises to the south of Garnet Canyon .
eos Cloudveil_Dome is in the central portions of the range , immediately east of South Teton and Cloudveil_Dome is sometimes considered to be part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group . Cloudveil_Dome rises to the south of Garnet Canyon . Cloudveil_Dome has a variety of mountaineering routes and since
eos Cloudveil_Dome is in the central portions of the range , immediately east of South Teton and Cloudveil_Dome is sometimes considered to be part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group . Cloudveil_Dome rises to the south of Garnet Canyon . Cloudveil_Dome has a variety of mountaineering routes and since Cloudveil_Dome is near to more popular climbing zones ,
eos 
eos Colima_volcano is the most active volcano in Mexico , and Colima_volcano has erupted more than 40 times since 1576 . Despite
eos Colima_volcano is the most active volcano in Mexico , and Colima_volcano has erupted more than 40 times since 1576 . Despite Colima_volcano name , only a fraction of
eos Colima_volcano is the most active volcano in Mexico , and Colima_volcano has erupted more than 40 times since 1576 . Despite Colima_volcano name , only a fraction of Colima_volcano surface area is contained within the state of Colima ; the majority of
eos Colima_volcano is the most active volcano in Mexico , and Colima_volcano has erupted more than 40 times since 1576 . Despite Colima_volcano name , only a fraction of Colima_volcano surface area is contained within the state of Colima ; the majority of Colima_volcano surface area lies just over the border in the neighboring state of Jalisco , toward the western end of the Eje Volcánico Transversal mountain range .
eos Colima_volcano is about west of Mexico City and south of Guadalajara , Jalisco . There are actually two peaks in the volcano complex : Nevado de Colima ( 4330 metres ) , which is older and inactive , lies about 5 kilometres north of
eos There are actually two peaks in the volcano complex : Nevado de Colima ( 4330 metres ) , which is older and inactive , lies about 5 kilometres north of Colima_volcano ( also called Volcán de Fuego de Colima ) . Since 1869 - 1878 , a parasitic set of domes , collectively known as El Volcancito , have formed on the northeast flank of the main cone of
eos 
eos Collarada is a mountain in the western Pyrenees of Huesca , situated on the east side of the Aragon Valley near the towns of Villanúa ( to the south ) and Canfranc ( to the west ) .
eos Collarada is a mountain in the western Pyrenees of Huesca , situated on the east side of the Aragon Valley near the towns of Villanúa ( to the south ) and Canfranc ( to the west ) . Collarada is 2,886 meters AMSL high . A great view of
eos 
eos Copper_Mountain_Alberta is a mountain in Banff National Park , 20 km north of the town of Banff .
eos Healy and Dennis claimed they had found a copper deposit at the site . It was also at this point that Dawson spotted and named Mount Assiniboine .
eos It was also at this point that Dawson spotted and named Mount Assiniboine . Copper_Mountain_Alberta is located on the western side of the Trans - Canada Highway , just northeast of Redearth Creek .
eos It was also at this point that Dawson spotted and named Mount Assiniboine . Copper_Mountain_Alberta is located on the western side of the Trans - Canada Highway , just northeast of Redearth Creek . Copper_Mountain_Alberta is named ` ` copper '' Mountain because
eos 
eos Corazon ( Spanish : heart ) , is a dormant , eroded volcano of Ecuador .
eos 
eos Corno_Grande is part of the Gran Sasso massif , and Corno_Grande is the highest peak in the Apennine Mountains and the highest on the Italian Peninsula , at 2,912 m above sea level .
eos Corno_Grande is part of the Gran Sasso massif , and Corno_Grande is the highest peak in the Apennine Mountains and the highest on the Italian Peninsula , at 2,912 m above sea level . Corno_Grande northern corrie holds Europe 's southernmost glacier , Calderone glacier ( Ghiacciaio del Calderone ) . The first recorded ascent of
eos 
eos Coropuna is the largest and highest volcano in Peru , attaining an impressive elevation of 6,377 metres ( 20,922 ft ) ( some maps show
eos Coropuna is the largest and highest volcano in Peru , attaining an impressive elevation of 6,377 metres ( 20,922 ft ) ( some maps show Coropuna as high as 6,425 metres ( 21,079 ft ) ) .
eos ( some maps show Coropuna as high as 6,425 metres ( 21,079 ft ) ) . Coropuna is located about 150 km northwest of Arequipa , the second largest city in Peru .
eos 
eos Cotopaxi is a stratovolcano in the Andes , located about 75 kilometres ( 50 mi ) south of Quito , Ecuador .
eos Cotopaxi is a stratovolcano in the Andes , located about 75 kilometres ( 50 mi ) south of Quito , Ecuador . Cotopaxi is part of the chain of volcanoes around the Pacific plate known as the Pacific Ring of Fire .
eos Cotopaxi is part of the chain of volcanoes around the Pacific plate known as the Pacific Ring of Fire . Cotopaxi is one of the highest active volcanoes in the world . However , claims that
eos Llullaillaco volcano is considerably higher and is definitely in an active phase , having erupted as recently as 1877 . Ojos del Salado is higher still , and there are indications near its summit of recent activity , although its remoteness precludes a definitive statement as to whether it is currently active . There have been more than 50 eruptions of
eos Numerous valleys formed by powerful lahars ( mudflows ) surround the volcano . This poses a high risk to the local population , their settlements and fields . During a war between the Incas and the Spaniards in 1534 ,
eos This poses a high risk to the local population , their settlements and fields . During a war between the Incas and the Spaniards in 1534 , Cotopaxi erupted and Cotopaxi put an end to the fighting as both fled from the battlefield .
eos During a war between the Incas and the Spaniards in 1534 , Cotopaxi erupted and Cotopaxi put an end to the fighting as both fled from the battlefield . Cotopaxi most violent eruptions in historical times occurred in the years 1744 , 1768 , and 1877 . In the 1877 eruption pyroclastic flows descended all sides of
eos There was a major eruption in 1903 through 1904 , and some minor activity in 1942 as well as 1975 but it did not produce any major events . In the most recent case , fumarolic activities and sulfuric emissions increased and ice around the inside and on the southeastern side of
eos but it did not produce any major events . In the most recent case , fumarolic activities and sulfuric emissions increased and ice around the inside and on the southeastern side of Cotopaxi started to melt . The main danger of a huge eruption of
eos but it did not produce any major events . In the most recent case , fumarolic activities and sulfuric emissions increased and ice around the inside and on the southeastern side of Cotopaxi started to melt . The main danger of a huge eruption of Cotopaxi would be the flow of ice from
eos In 1744 and 1768 an eruption destroyed the colonial town of Latacunga . Experts believe another eruption may come soon .
eos 
eos Cradle_Mountain is a distinctive mountain in the Cradle Mountain - Lake St Clair National Park , Tasmania , Australia . Rising to 1,545 metres above sea level
eos Cradle_Mountain is a distinctive mountain in the Cradle Mountain - Lake St Clair National Park , Tasmania , Australia . Rising to 1,545 metres above sea level Cradle_Mountain is one of the principal tourist sites in Tasmania , owing to
eos Cradle_Mountain is a distinctive mountain in the Cradle Mountain - Lake St Clair National Park , Tasmania , Australia . Rising to 1,545 metres above sea level Cradle_Mountain is one of the principal tourist sites in Tasmania , owing to Cradle_Mountain natural beauty .
eos Rising to 1,545 metres above sea level Cradle_Mountain is one of the principal tourist sites in Tasmania , owing to Cradle_Mountain natural beauty . Cradle_Mountain is composed of dolerite columns , similar to many of the other mountains in the area . The area around
eos Cradle_Mountain is composed of dolerite columns , similar to many of the other mountains in the area . The area around Cradle_Mountain has a large number of day walks , as well as being one terminus of the Overland Track .
eos Cradle_Mountain is climbed very regularly by tourists , and Cradle_Mountain can be climbed virtually year round . It is a strenuous 6.5 hour return climb from the Dove Lake car park . The climb up the rocky part of
eos From the summit , ( where there was a trig point tower ) there are spectacular 360 ° views , encompassing Dove Lake , Barn Bluff and Mount Ossa .
eos there are spectacular 360 ° views , encompassing Dove Lake , Barn Bluff and Mount Ossa . Cradle_Mountain rises above the glacial formed Lake Dove ( 934 m ) , Lake Wilks , and Crater Lake .
eos 
eos Crestone_Needle is one of the fourteeners of Colorado , in the heart of the Sangre de Cristo Range .
eos Crestone_Needle is one of the fourteeners of Colorado , in the heart of the Sangre de Cristo Range . Crestone_Needle is part of a group of four fourteeners known as ` ` the Crestones '' , headed by Crestone Peak ( 0.6 miles/1 km northwest of
eos Crestone_Needle is one of the fourteeners of Colorado , in the heart of the Sangre de Cristo Range . Crestone_Needle is part of a group of four fourteeners known as ` ` the Crestones '' , headed by Crestone Peak ( 0.6 miles/1 km northwest of Crestone_Needle ) and also including Kit Carson Mountain and Humboldt Peak . While not as high as Crestone Peak , and connected to it by a high , jagged ridge ,
eos Crestone_Needle is one of the fourteeners of Colorado , in the heart of the Sangre de Cristo Range . Crestone_Needle is part of a group of four fourteeners known as ` ` the Crestones '' , headed by Crestone Peak ( 0.6 miles/1 km northwest of Crestone_Needle ) and also including Kit Carson Mountain and Humboldt Peak . While not as high as Crestone Peak , and connected to it by a high , jagged ridge , Crestone_Needle is regarded as a worthy climb in
eos The easiest route is the South Face ( or South Couloir ) , usually accessed via Broken Hand Pass from South Colony Lakes . This is an exposed scramble with a few tricky moves , and is one of the more difficult standard routes among the Colorado fourteeners . However the classic route on
eos This is an exposed scramble with a few tricky moves , and is one of the more difficult standard routes among the Colorado fourteeners . However the classic route on Crestone_Needle is the Ellingwood Arete , also known as the Ellingwood Ledges Route . This is a steep ridge on the northeast side of
eos 
eos Crestone_Peak is the seventh highest peak in the US state of Colorado .
eos Crestone_Peak is the seventh highest peak in the US state of Colorado . Crestone_Peak is the second highest peak in the Sangre de Cristo Range after Blanca Peak .
eos Crestone_Peak rises in the Sangre de Cristo Wilderness above the east side of the San Luis Valley along the boundary between Saguache and Custer counties , approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) east of the town of Crestone .
eos Crestone_Peak rises in the Sangre de Cristo Wilderness above the east side of the San Luis Valley along the boundary between Saguache and Custer counties , approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) east of the town of Crestone . Crestone_Peak shares
eos east of the town of Crestone . Crestone_Peak shares Crestone_Peak name with the nearby Crestone Needle , another fourteener of the Sangre de Cristo Range . The high peaks of
eos 
eos Cross_Fell is the highest point in the Pennine hills of Northern England .
eos The summit is a stony plateau being part of a 20 km long ridge running North West to South East , which also incorporates Little Dun Fell ( 842 m ) and Great Dun Fell ( 849 m ) . The three adjoining fells form an escarpment that rises steeply above the Eden Valley on its south western side and drops off more gently on its north eastern side towards the South Tyne and Tees Valleys . Cross Fell summit is crowned by a cross - shaped dry - stone shelter , though this is not the reason for the naming of
eos Cross Fell summit is crowned by a cross - shaped dry - stone shelter , though this is not the reason for the naming of Cross_Fell . On a clear day there are excellent views from the summit across the Eden Valley to the mountains of the Lake District . On the northern side of
eos On a clear day there are excellent views from the summit across the Eden Valley to the mountains of the Lake District . On the northern side of Cross_Fell there are also fine views across the Solway Firth to the Southern Uplands of Scotland .
eos Cross_Fell is prone to dense hill fog and fierce winds . A shrieking noise induced by the Helm Wind ( see below ) is a characteristic of the locality .
eos A shrieking noise induced by the Helm Wind ( see below ) is a characteristic of the locality . Cross_Fell can be an inhospitable place for much of the year . In ancient times
eos Cross_Fell can be an inhospitable place for much of the year . In ancient times Cross_Fell was known as ` ` Fiends Fell '' and believed to be the haunt of evil spirits . It has been speculated that this last feature may be why
eos 
eos 
eos Culebra_Peak is the highest peak of the Culebra Range , a subrange of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains in the United States .
eos Culebra_Peak is the highest peak of the Culebra Range , a subrange of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains in the United States . Culebra_Peak is the southernmost fourteener in Colorado .
eos Culebra_Peak is the southernmost fourteener in Colorado . Culebra_Peak is also the only fourteener on private land . Access is limited , and a fee ( currently $ 100 per person ) is charged to climb
eos Access is limited , and a fee ( currently $ 100 per person ) is charged to climb Culebra_Peak . Ownership of and access to the land , both for recreational and other activities , have been controversial issues for many years , involving multiple lawsuits and even occasional violence . While
eos Access is limited , and a fee ( currently $ 100 per person ) is charged to climb Culebra_Peak . Ownership of and access to the land , both for recreational and other activities , have been controversial issues for many years , involving multiple lawsuits and even occasional violence . While Culebra_Peak is one of the lower fourteeners ,
eos Access is limited , and a fee ( currently $ 100 per person ) is charged to climb Culebra_Peak . Ownership of and access to the land , both for recreational and other activities , have been controversial issues for many years , involving multiple lawsuits and even occasional violence . While Culebra_Peak is one of the lower fourteeners , Culebra_Peak is actually the fourth most topographically prominent peak in the state , due to
eos 
eos Cvrsnica is mountain in the Dinarides of Bosnia and Herzegovina , located in northern Herzegovina , most of
eos Cvrsnica is mountain in the Dinarides of Bosnia and Herzegovina , located in northern Herzegovina , most of Cvrsnica is located in the Herzegovina - Neretva Canton municipalities of East Mostar and Jablanica while the smaller part of
eos Cvrsnica is mountain in the Dinarides of Bosnia and Herzegovina , located in northern Herzegovina , most of Cvrsnica is located in the Herzegovina - Neretva Canton municipalities of East Mostar and Jablanica while the smaller part of Cvrsnica , around 10 % is located in the municipality to Posušje . The highest peak is 2228 metres .
eos The highest peak is 2228 metres . Cvrsnica is surrounded by the river Neretva from the east ( 20 km ) , its tributaries Doljanka ( 18 km ) from the north and Drežanka ( 19.8 km ) from the south , the Dugo Polje field ( 12 km ) and Vran mountain from west .
eos Cvrsnica consists of several plateaus - Plas and Muharnica on north , Mala Čvrsnica on south . There are more than ten summits above 2000 m ( Plocno 2228 m , Veliki Jelinak 2179 m , Veliki Vilinac 2118 m , etc . ) , vertical cliffs ( Pesti brdo , Mezica stijene , Strmenica ... ) .
eos There are more than ten summits above 2000 m ( Plocno 2228 m , Veliki Jelinak 2179 m , Veliki Vilinac 2118 m , etc . ) , vertical cliffs ( Pesti brdo , Mezica stijene , Strmenica ... ) . Cvrsnica also includes lakes of Blidinje , Crepulja and Crvenjak . The Diva Grabovica canyon ( 6.2 km ) goes into
eos Cvrsnica also includes lakes of Blidinje , Crepulja and Crvenjak . The Diva Grabovica canyon ( 6.2 km ) goes into Cvrsnica . Bio - life is characteristic of
eos Bio - life is characteristic of Cvrsnica three climate areas : conifers above 1200 m , plateau with grass and junipers ; numerous endemic species ( like Munika Pine ) .
eos 
eos Dammastock ( 3,630 m ) is the highest mountain in the Urner Alps in Switzerland .
eos Dammastock ( 3,630 m ) is the highest mountain in the Urner Alps in Switzerland . Dammastock summit ridge forms the border between the cantons of Uri and the Valais .
eos 
eos Delano_Peak is the highest point in the Tushar Mountains of south - central Utah . The Tushars are the third - highest range in the state , after the Uinta Mountains and the La Sal Range , though
eos Delano_Peak is the highest point in the Tushar Mountains of south - central Utah . The Tushars are the third - highest range in the state , after the Uinta Mountains and the La Sal Range , though Delano_Peak is surpassed in height by at least thirty - one other Utah peaks .
eos The Tushars are the third - highest range in the state , after the Uinta Mountains and the La Sal Range , though Delano_Peak is surpassed in height by at least thirty - one other Utah peaks . Delano_Peak is 12,169 feet ( 3,709 meters ) high , and Delano_Peak is snow - capped for much of the year . Located in the Fishlake National Forest ,
eos Delano_Peak is 12,169 feet ( 3,709 meters ) high , and Delano_Peak is snow - capped for much of the year . Located in the Fishlake National Forest , Delano_Peak is the highest point of both Beaver and Piute counties .
eos 
eos Deltaform_Mountain is one of the mountains in the Valley of the Ten Peaks , located on the Continental Divide on the border of Banff and Kootenay national parks in Canada .
eos Deltaform_Mountain is one of the mountains in the Valley of the Ten Peaks , located on the Continental Divide on the border of Banff and Kootenay national parks in Canada . Deltaform_Mountain was originally named Saknowa by Samuel Allen but Walter Wilcox named
eos Deltaform_Mountain is one of the mountains in the Valley of the Ten Peaks , located on the Continental Divide on the border of Banff and Kootenay national parks in Canada . Deltaform_Mountain was originally named Saknowa by Samuel Allen but Walter Wilcox named Deltaform_Mountain to
eos Deltaform_Mountain is one of the mountains in the Valley of the Ten Peaks , located on the Continental Divide on the border of Banff and Kootenay national parks in Canada . Deltaform_Mountain was originally named Saknowa by Samuel Allen but Walter Wilcox named Deltaform_Mountain to Deltaform_Mountain official title in 1897 as
eos Deltaform_Mountain is one of the mountains in the Valley of the Ten Peaks , located on the Continental Divide on the border of Banff and Kootenay national parks in Canada . Deltaform_Mountain was originally named Saknowa by Samuel Allen but Walter Wilcox named Deltaform_Mountain to Deltaform_Mountain official title in 1897 as Deltaform_Mountain resembles the Greek letter delta .
eos 
eos Dent_Blanche is a mountain in the Swiss Alps , west of Zermatt and north of the Matterhorn .
eos Dent_Blanche is a mountain in the Swiss Alps , west of Zermatt and north of the Matterhorn . Dent_Blanche is at the head of the Val d'Hérens .
eos Dent_Blanche was first climbed on july 18 1862 by T. S. Kennedy , W. Wigram , J. Croz and J. Konig via the south ridge ( Wandfluegrat ) . The first winter ascent by the north ridge was completed by P. Crettaz and J. Gaudin on march 2 , 1963 .
eos 
eos Dent_dHerens ( 4,171 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps of Italy and Switzerland . The first ascent of
eos Dent_dHerens ( 4,171 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps of Italy and Switzerland . The first ascent of Dent_dHerens was by Florence Crawford Grove , William Edward Hall , Reginald Somerled Macdonald , Montagu Woodmass , Melchior Anderegg , Jean - Pierre Cachat and Peter Perren on 12 august 1863 .
eos Alpine Club , 1975 , p. 277 . Having climbed the face and bivouacked on the summit , the combined team of German ( Gerhard Deves and Leo Herncarek ) , Polish ( Jerzy Hajdukiewicz and Krzysztof Berbeka ) and Swiss ( Eckhart Grassmann , Pierre Monkewitz and Dieter Naef ) climbers suffered two falls , one of 200 metres , on the descent down the south - west face . The injured climbers were stuck on
eos 
eos : Dente del Gigante ) ( 4,013 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in France and Italy .
eos The same party climbed Pointe Sella a second time on the following day with clients Alessandro Sella , Alfonso Sella , Corradino Sella and Gaudenzio Sella . Graham noted on his first ascent that one of the Maquignazes had carved the letter ' M ' on a rock step just below the summit of Pointe Sella .
eos The same party climbed Pointe Sella a second time on the following day with clients Alessandro Sella , Alfonso Sella , Corradino Sella and Gaudenzio Sella . Graham noted on his first ascent that one of the Maquignazes had carved the letter ' M ' on a rock step just below the summit of Pointe Sella . Dent_du_Geant had remained unclimbed during the so - called Golden age of alpinism , and Dent_du_Geant was a much - coveted peak in the 1870s , repelling many parties who attempted
eos Dent_du_Geant had remained unclimbed during the so - called Golden age of alpinism , and Dent_du_Geant was a much - coveted peak in the 1870s , repelling many parties who attempted Dent_du_Geant mostly from the Rochefort ridge . In 1880 the strong team of Albert F Mummery and Alexander Burgener tried to force a passage via the south - west face but were repelled by a band of slabs , causing Mummery to exclaim ` Absolutely inaccessible by fair means ! ' The following huts serve
eos 
eos Descabezado_Grande is a stratovolcano located in the Maule Region of central Chile .
eos Descabezado_Grande is a stratovolcano located in the Maule Region of central Chile . Descabezado_Grande is capped by a 1.4 kilometres ( 0.9 mi ) wide ice - filled caldera and named for
eos A smaller crater about 0.5 kilometres ( 0.3 mi ) wide is found in the northeast part of the caldera , and it has active fumaroles .
eos about 0.5 kilometres ( 0.3 mi ) wide is found in the northeast part of the caldera , and it has active fumaroles . Descabezado_Grande is composed of andesite and rhyodacite lava flows along with pyroclastic flow deposits .
eos Descabezado_Grande is composed of andesite and rhyodacite lava flows along with pyroclastic flow deposits . Descabezado_Grande has a basal diameter of about 10 x 12 km ( 6 x 8 mi ) and a total volume of about 30 cu km ( 7 cu mi ) . Along with Cerro Azul , only 7 km to the south ,
eos 
eos Devils_Thumb is a mountain in the Stikine Icecap region of the Alaska - British Columbia border , near Petersburg .
eos Devils_Thumb is a mountain in the Stikine Icecap region of the Alaska - British Columbia border , near Petersburg . Devils_Thumb is named for
eos Devils_Thumb is a mountain in the Stikine Icecap region of the Alaska - British Columbia border , near Petersburg . Devils_Thumb is named for Devils_Thumb projected thumb - like appearance .
eos Devils_Thumb is named for Devils_Thumb projected thumb - like appearance . Devils_Thumb is one of the peaks that marks the border , and Devils_Thumb is also listed on maps as Boundary Peak 71 .
eos Devils_Thumb is one of the peaks that marks the border , and Devils_Thumb is also listed on maps as Boundary Peak 71 . Devils_Thumb is a very challenging climb even for advanced mountain climbers . A description of
eos Devils_Thumb is one of the peaks that marks the border , and Devils_Thumb is also listed on maps as Boundary Peak 71 . Devils_Thumb is a very challenging climb even for advanced mountain climbers . A description of Devils_Thumb can be found in Eiger Dreams , a collection of articles by Jon Krakauer , who successfully climbed
eos Devils_Thumb is a very challenging climb even for advanced mountain climbers . A description of Devils_Thumb can be found in Eiger Dreams , a collection of articles by Jon Krakauer , who successfully climbed Devils_Thumb early in his career . Jon Krakauer also chronicles his climb of
eos 
eos Dhaulagiri ( धौलागिरी ) is the seventh highest mountain in the world .
eos Dhaulagiri ( धौलागिरी ) is the seventh highest mountain in the world . Dhaulagiri forms the eastern anchor of the Dhaulagiri Himal , a subrange of the Himalaya in the Dhawalagiri Zone of north central Nepal .
eos 
eos Diablerets is a mountain in the Swiss Alps , best known for the nearby ski resort of Les Diablerets .
eos Diablerets is a mountain in the Swiss Alps , best known for the nearby ski resort of Les Diablerets . Diablerets is situated in the French - speaking part of Switzerland , in the easternmost area of the Canton of Vaud . There is a glacier on
eos Diamond Head is the name of a volcanic tuff cone on the Hawaiian island of Oahu and known to Hawaiians as Lēahi .
eos Diamond Head is the name of a volcanic tuff cone on the Hawaiian island of Oahu and known to Hawaiians as Lēahi . Diamond_Head_Hawaii English name was given by British sailors in the 19th century , who mistook calcite crystals embedded in the rock for diamonds .
eos 
eos Didi_Abuli is the highest peak of the Lesser Caucasus Mountains in the nation of Georgia .
eos 
eos Dinara is one of the more prominent mountains located on the border of Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina .
eos Dinara is one of the more prominent mountains located on the border of Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina . Dinara Latin name is Adrian oros while the current name is suspected to be derived from the name of an ancient Illyrian tribe that lived on the eastern slopes of
eos Dinara is one of the more prominent mountains located on the border of Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina . Dinara Latin name is Adrian oros while the current name is suspected to be derived from the name of an ancient Illyrian tribe that lived on the eastern slopes of Dinara .
eos Dinara is one of the more prominent mountains located on the border of Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina . Dinara Latin name is Adrian oros while the current name is suspected to be derived from the name of an ancient Illyrian tribe that lived on the eastern slopes of Dinara . Dinara is best known for the fact that
eos Dinara Latin name is Adrian oros while the current name is suspected to be derived from the name of an ancient Illyrian tribe that lived on the eastern slopes of Dinara . Dinara is best known for the fact that Dinara name is the base for the name of a large mountain chain called the Dinaric Alps or Dinarides . The Dinarides are known for being composed of karst - limestone rocks - as is
eos Dinara is best known for the fact that Dinara name is the base for the name of a large mountain chain called the Dinaric Alps or Dinarides . The Dinarides are known for being composed of karst - limestone rocks - as is Dinara .
eos The Dinarides are known for being composed of karst - limestone rocks - as is Dinara . Dinara spans from the Derala mountain pass ( 965 m ) in the northwest to the Privija pass ( 1230 m ) which is 20 km to the southeast , where the Kamešnica Mountain begins .
eos The highest peaks are Troglav ( 1913 m ) ( ` ` Threehead '' ) and Dinara ( 1831 m ) . The peak called Dinara is shaped like a human head made of stone , and it happens to be the highest peak of Croatia . Despite the fact Dinara is only a few dozen kilometers away from the Adriatic Sea , the climate on
eos The highest peaks are Troglav ( 1913 m ) ( ` ` Threehead '' ) and Dinara ( 1831 m ) . The peak called Dinara is shaped like a human head made of stone , and it happens to be the highest peak of Croatia . Despite the fact
eos The peak called Dinara is shaped like a human head made of stone , and it happens to be the highest peak of Croatia . Despite the fact Dinara is only a few dozen kilometers away from the Adriatic Sea , the climate on Dinara is hardly Mediterranean . In fact ,
eos Despite the fact Dinara is only a few dozen kilometers away from the Adriatic Sea , the climate on Dinara is hardly Mediterranean . In fact , Dinara marks the border of the area with a much colder , mountain climate . There are no inhabited areas on
eos It is six kilometers long and up to 1700 meters high , providing an interesting landscape for the travelers on the roads in the valley below to view . The massif does not attract many climbers , which prefer only its Ošljak peak ( 1706 m ) .
eos 
eos Diran is a mountain in the Karakoram range of the Northern Areas of Pakistan .
eos Diran is a mountain in the Karakoram range of the Northern Areas of Pakistan . Diran lies in the East of Rakaposhi ( 7,788 m ) .
eos 
eos Disappointment_Peak_Wyoming is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , immediately southeast of Grand Teton .
eos Disappointment_Peak_Wyoming is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , immediately southeast of Grand Teton . Disappointment_Peak_Wyoming is part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group , a region of the Tetons noted for particularly rugged mountains .
eos Disappointment_Peak_Wyoming is part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group , a region of the Tetons noted for particularly rugged mountains . Disappointment_Peak_Wyoming rises to the north of Garnet Canyon and to the west of Amphitheater and Surprise lakes .
eos 
eos Doane_Peak is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming .
eos Doane_Peak is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Doane_Peak is located west of and across Jackson Lake from Colter Bay Village . The scenic Waterfalls Canyon is immediately northeast of
eos Doane_Peak is located west of and across Jackson Lake from Colter Bay Village . The scenic Waterfalls Canyon is immediately northeast of Doane_Peak , but there are no maintained trails in the area . Access to the summit involves off trail hiking and scrambling as the top of
eos 
eos Doi_Inthanon ( "" Thai : ดอยอินทนนท์ "" ) is the highest mountain in Thailand .
eos Doi_Inthanon was also known in the past as Doi Luang ( meaning big mountain ) or Doi Ang Ka , meaning the crow 's pond top . Near
eos Near Doi_Inthanon base was a pond where many crows gathered . The name Doi Inthanon was given in honour of the king Inthawichayanon , one of the last kings of Chiang Mai , who was concerned about the forests in the north and tried to preserve them . He ordered that after his death his remains shall be placed at
eos Near Doi_Inthanon base was a pond where many crows gathered . The name Doi Inthanon was given in honour of the king Inthawichayanon , one of the last kings of Chiang Mai , who was concerned about the forests in the north and tried to preserve them . He ordered that after his death his remains shall be placed at Doi_Inthanon ,
eos 
eos Druesberg ( or Drusberg ) is a mountain located north of Pragel Pass in the Canton of Schwyz in Switzerland .
eos 
eos Dykh-Tau or Dykhtau , is a mountain located in Kabardino - Balkaria , Russia ;
eos Dykh-Tau or Dykhtau , is a mountain located in Kabardino - Balkaria , Russia ; Dykh-Tau peak stands about 5 km ( 3 mi . ) north of the border with Georgia .
eos 
eos Eagle_Peak_Wyoming ( 11,358 ft / 3,462 m ) is situated in the Absaroka Range in the US state of Wyoming , and Eagle_Peak_Wyoming is the tallest mountain in Yellowstone National Park . Located on the park boundary with Shoshone National Forest ,
eos Eagle_Peak_Wyoming ( 11,358 ft / 3,462 m ) is situated in the Absaroka Range in the US state of Wyoming , and Eagle_Peak_Wyoming is the tallest mountain in Yellowstone National Park . Located on the park boundary with Shoshone National Forest , Eagle_Peak_Wyoming rises to the east of the southeast arm of Yellowstone Lake .
eos 
eos Eagles_Rest_Peak is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming .
eos Eagles_Rest_Peak is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Eagles_Rest_Peak is located west of and across Jackson Lake from Colter Bay Village .
eos 
eos ( Greek "" "" Aigaleo , Latin Aegaleus ) , also Aigaleo and Egaleo , is a mountain in Greece .
eos "" "" Aigaleo , Latin Aegaleus ) , also Aigaleo and Egaleo , is a mountain in Greece . Egaleo is situated west of Athens , southeast of Eleusis , east of the island of Salamis and northwest of Piraeus . Most of
eos Egaleo is situated west of Athens , southeast of Eleusis , east of the island of Salamis and northwest of Piraeus . Most of Egaleo is rocky .
eos Most of Egaleo is rocky . Egaleo is shorter than Hymettus . Most of the forest is to
eos Egaleo is shorter than Hymettus . Most of the forest is to Egaleo north where the monastery Daphni ( Daphnion ) is located . There is also a park in
eos There is also a park in Egaleo northern reaches . This is a range which surrounds the tiny coast southwest of Chaidari . With
eos There is also a park in Egaleo northern reaches . This is a range which surrounds the tiny coast southwest of Chaidari . With Egaleo grand view of the Straits of Salamis ,
eos This is a range which surrounds the tiny coast southwest of Chaidari . With Egaleo grand view of the Straits of Salamis , Egaleo was the site of Xerxes ' throne from which he observed the Battle of Salamis . Towns and places surround
eos The ring presently does n't have full access with Athinon Avenue and GR-8 yet but contains two interchanges of which two of them are single access interchanges . On december 19 , 2004 , hailstorms hit
eos 
eos El_Capitan_Texas is a peak in Texas , USA .
eos El_Capitan_Texas is a peak in Texas , USA . El_Capitan_Texas lies within the Guadalupe Mountains National Park .
eos El_Capitan_Texas lies within the Guadalupe Mountains National Park . El_Capitan_Texas is the eighth - highest peak in Texas , and El_Capitan_Texas is considered the ` ` signature peak '' of West Texas .
eos El_Capitan_Texas is the eighth - highest peak in Texas , and El_Capitan_Texas is considered the ` ` signature peak '' of West Texas . El_Capitan_Texas is the southern terminus of the Guadalupe escarpment , an ancient limestone reef that forms the present - day Guadalupe Mountains .
eos El_Capitan_Texas is the southern terminus of the Guadalupe escarpment , an ancient limestone reef that forms the present - day Guadalupe Mountains . El_Capitan_Texas is guarded by cliffs on three sides , and those faces are rarely climbed due to the unstable condition of the rock and the sheer nature of the peak . Hikers can scramble up to the summit by first climbing to near the summit of Guadalupe Peak and scrambling down to the south to the Guadalupe Peak - El Capitan saddle , then up the backside of
eos El_Capitan_Texas is guarded by cliffs on three sides , and those faces are rarely climbed due to the unstable condition of the rock and the sheer nature of the peak . Hikers can scramble up to the summit by first climbing to near the summit of Guadalupe Peak and scrambling down to the south to the Guadalupe Peak - El Capitan saddle , then up the backside of El_Capitan_Texas . A permit is required as there is no trail from Guadalupe Peak to
eos Hikers can scramble up to the summit by first climbing to near the summit of Guadalupe Peak and scrambling down to the south to the Guadalupe Peak - El Capitan saddle , then up the backside of El_Capitan_Texas . A permit is required as there is no trail from Guadalupe Peak to El_Capitan_Texas .
eos A permit is required as there is no trail from Guadalupe Peak to El_Capitan_Texas . El_Capitan_Texas , used as a signal peak for hundreds of years by travellers in the area , is a stunning peak rising quite abruptly out of the Chihuahuan Desert floor in West Texas .
eos El_Capitan_Texas , used as a signal peak for hundreds of years by travellers in the area , is a stunning peak rising quite abruptly out of the Chihuahuan Desert floor in West Texas . El_Capitan_Texas sheer face greets visitors approaching the Headquarters Visitor Center at Guadalupe Mountains National Park from both the south and the northeast .
eos El_Capitan_Texas , used as a signal peak for hundreds of years by travellers in the area , is a stunning peak rising quite abruptly out of the Chihuahuan Desert floor in West Texas . El_Capitan_Texas sheer face greets visitors approaching the Headquarters Visitor Center at Guadalupe Mountains National Park from both the south and the northeast . El_Capitan_Texas is not to be confused with
eos El_Capitan_Texas , used as a signal peak for hundreds of years by travellers in the area , is a stunning peak rising quite abruptly out of the Chihuahuan Desert floor in West Texas . El_Capitan_Texas sheer face greets visitors approaching the Headquarters Visitor Center at Guadalupe Mountains National Park from both the south and the northeast . El_Capitan_Texas is not to be confused with El_Capitan_Texas El Capitan cousin in Yosemite -
eos 
eos El_Diente_Peak is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the US state of Colorado .
eos El_Diente_Peak is located in the Lizard Head Wilderness in the San Miguel Range of the San Juan Mountains , in Dolores County approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Rico . The topographic prominence of
eos El_Diente_Peak is located in the Lizard Head Wilderness in the San Miguel Range of the San Juan Mountains , in Dolores County approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Rico . The topographic prominence of El_Diente_Peak is only 239 ft ( 73 m ) , so by a strict 300 foot cutoff rule ,
eos El_Diente_Peak is located in the Lizard Head Wilderness in the San Miguel Range of the San Juan Mountains , in Dolores County approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Rico . The topographic prominence of El_Diente_Peak is only 239 ft ( 73 m ) , so by a strict 300 foot cutoff rule , El_Diente_Peak would not be counted as a separate peak from
eos approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Rico . The topographic prominence of El_Diente_Peak is only 239 ft ( 73 m ) , so by a strict 300 foot cutoff rule , El_Diente_Peak would not be counted as a separate peak from El_Diente_Peak higher neighbor Mount Wilson . However the 3/4 mile ( 1.2 km ) connecting ridge is a significant climbing challenge ( Class 4/5 ) , making
eos approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Rico . The topographic prominence of El_Diente_Peak is only 239 ft ( 73 m ) , so by a strict 300 foot cutoff rule , El_Diente_Peak would not be counted as a separate peak from El_Diente_Peak higher neighbor Mount Wilson . However the 3/4 mile ( 1.2 km ) connecting ridge is a significant climbing challenge ( Class 4/5 ) , making El_Diente_Peak more independent than
eos The topographic prominence of El_Diente_Peak is only 239 ft ( 73 m ) , so by a strict 300 foot cutoff rule , El_Diente_Peak would not be counted as a separate peak from El_Diente_Peak higher neighbor Mount Wilson . However the 3/4 mile ( 1.2 km ) connecting ridge is a significant climbing challenge ( Class 4/5 ) , making El_Diente_Peak more independent than El_Diente_Peak prominence would indicate . Hence
eos However the 3/4 mile ( 1.2 km ) connecting ridge is a significant climbing challenge ( Class 4/5 ) , making El_Diente_Peak more independent than El_Diente_Peak prominence would indicate . Hence El_Diente_Peak is often regarded as a fully - fledged fourteener .
eos Hence El_Diente_Peak is often regarded as a fully - fledged fourteener . El_Diente_Peak is one of the more dramatic peaks in Colorado in terms of local relief and steepness . As a result ,
eos 
eos El_Jorullo is a cinder cone volcano in Michoacán , central Mexico , on the SW slope of the central plateau , 33 mi/53 km SE of Uruapan ( also know to be located in an area known as the Michoacan - Guanajuato volcanic field ) .
eos El_Jorullo is a cinder cone volcano in Michoacán , central Mexico , on the SW slope of the central plateau , 33 mi/53 km SE of Uruapan ( also know to be located in an area known as the Michoacan - Guanajuato volcanic field ) . El_Jorullo has four smaller cinder cones which have grown from
eos El_Jorullo is a cinder cone volcano in Michoacán , central Mexico , on the SW slope of the central plateau , 33 mi/53 km SE of Uruapan ( also know to be located in an area known as the Michoacan - Guanajuato volcanic field ) . El_Jorullo has four smaller cinder cones which have grown from El_Jorullo . The vents of
eos El_Jorullo has four smaller cinder cones which have grown from El_Jorullo . The vents of El_Jorullo are aligned in a northeast to southwest direction . Lava from these vents cover nine square km around
eos Lava from these vents cover nine square km around El_Jorullo . Later eruptions produced lavas that had higher silica contents making them thicker than the earlier basalts and basaltic andesites lavas .
eos Later eruptions produced lavas that had higher silica contents making them thicker than the earlier basalts and basaltic andesites lavas . El_Jorullo crater is about 1,300 by 1,640 ft ( 400 by 500 m ) wide and 490 ft ( 150 m ) deep .
eos El_Jorullo is one of two known volcanos to have developed in Mexico in recent history . The second , born about 183 years later , was named Parícutin after a nearby village that it eventually destroyed . Paricutin is about 50 miles ( 80 km ) northwest of
eos The second , born about 183 years later , was named Parícutin after a nearby village that it eventually destroyed . Paricutin is about 50 miles ( 80 km ) northwest of El_Jorullo .
eos El_Jorullo was born on september 29 , 1759 . Earthquakes occurred prior to this first day of eruption . Once
eos El_Jorullo was born on september 29 , 1759 . Earthquakes occurred prior to this first day of eruption . Once El_Jorullo began erupting ,
eos Earthquakes occurred prior to this first day of eruption . Once El_Jorullo began erupting , El_Jorullo did n't quit for 15 years .
eos Earthquakes occurred prior to this first day of eruption . Once El_Jorullo began erupting , El_Jorullo did n't quit for 15 years . El_Jorullo did n't develop on a corn field like Paricutin did , but
eos Once El_Jorullo began erupting , El_Jorullo did n't quit for 15 years . El_Jorullo did n't develop on a corn field like Paricutin did , but El_Jorullo did destroy what had been a rich agricultural area .
eos All but the youngest lava flows were covered by this ash fall . Later eruptions were magmatic with neither mud nor water flows . This 15 year eruption was the only one
eos Later eruptions were magmatic with neither mud nor water flows . This 15 year eruption was the only one El_Jorullo ever had , and was the longest cinder cone eruption known .
eos Later eruptions were magmatic with neither mud nor water flows . This 15 year eruption was the only one El_Jorullo ever had , and was the longest cinder cone eruption known . El_Jorullo last erupted in 1958 , nearly 200 years after
eos Though the region already boasted three of the country 's four largest cities : Mexico City , Puebla , and Guadalajara ( the area around Paricutin , some 200 miles west of the capital ) , it was still a peaceful backwater inhabited by Tarascan Indians in the early 1940s . Its gently rolling landscape , in a zone that had experienced almost no volcanic activity during historic times , was one of Mexico 's loveliest . Although hundreds of extinct cinder cones rose around the small valleys , the only eruption in human memory had been that of distant
eos 
eos El_Misti ( 5,822 m ) is a stratovolcano located in southern Peru near the city of Arequipa . This city , second largest in the country , lies at the foot of
eos El_Misti ( 5,822 m ) is a stratovolcano located in southern Peru near the city of Arequipa . This city , second largest in the country , lies at the foot of El_Misti in a fertile valley located 2,400 m above sea level .
eos This city , second largest in the country , lies at the foot of El_Misti in a fertile valley located 2,400 m above sea level . El_Misti has become the city 's enduring symbol . Most of the city 's colonial buildings were constructed from
eos El_Misti has become the city 's enduring symbol . Most of the city 's colonial buildings were constructed from El_Misti white volcanic stone ( sillar ) .
eos Most of the city 's colonial buildings were constructed from El_Misti white volcanic stone ( sillar ) . El_Misti last eruption was in 1784 . With
eos Most of the city 's colonial buildings were constructed from El_Misti white volcanic stone ( sillar ) . El_Misti last eruption was in 1784 . With El_Misti snow - capped , perfect cone ,
eos With El_Misti snow - capped , perfect cone , El_Misti stands at 5,822 m and El_Misti lies between the mountain Chachani ( 6,075 m ) and the volcano Pichu - Pichu ( 5,669 m ) . These impressive mountains , located northeast of Arequipa , are visible almost year - round , but especially during winter ( May - september ) .
eos Near the inner crater six Inca mummies and rare Inca artifacts were found in 1998 during a month - long excavation directed by the archaeologists Johan Reinhard and Jose Antonio Chavez . The finds are currently stored in the Museo de Santuarios Andinos in Arequipa . There are two main climbing routes on
eos 
eos El_Tucuche ( 936 m ) is the second highest peak in Trinidad 's northern range and El_Tucuche is noted for
eos El_Tucuche ( 936 m ) is the second highest peak in Trinidad 's northern range and El_Tucuche is noted for El_Tucuche interesting plateau shape .
eos El_Tucuche ( 936 m ) is the second highest peak in Trinidad 's northern range and El_Tucuche is noted for El_Tucuche interesting plateau shape . El_Tucuche summit is home to the Trinidad endemic El Tucuche Golden Tree Frog ( Phyllodytes auratus ) , found only on
eos 
eos Electric_Peak is the tallest mountain in the Gallatin Range of southern Montana , close to the Wyoming border and Electric_Peak rises to an altitude of 10,969 feet ( 3,343 m ) .
eos Electric_Peak is the tallest mountain in the Gallatin Range of southern Montana , close to the Wyoming border and Electric_Peak rises to an altitude of 10,969 feet ( 3,343 m ) . Electric_Peak has some of the greatest physical relief in Yellowstone National Park , rising 3,389 feet ( 1,033 m ) above
eos Electric_Peak is the tallest mountain in the Gallatin Range of southern Montana , close to the Wyoming border and Electric_Peak rises to an altitude of 10,969 feet ( 3,343 m ) . Electric_Peak has some of the greatest physical relief in Yellowstone National Park , rising 3,389 feet ( 1,033 m ) above Electric_Peak base .
eos 
eos Elkhorn_Mountain is located in the Elk River Range of the Vancouver Island Ranges of British Columbia . At 2195 m ,
eos Elkhorn_Mountain is located in the Elk River Range of the Vancouver Island Ranges of British Columbia . At 2195 m , Elkhorn_Mountain is the second highest peak on the Vancouver Island , second only to the nearby Golden Hinde which lies 15 km to the south .
eos 
eos Ellingwood_Point , or Ellingwood Peak , is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado .
eos Ellingwood_Point , or Ellingwood Peak , is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado . Ellingwood_Point is located at the southern end of the Sangre de Cristo Range , approximately 1/2 mile ( 1 km ) northwest of Blanca Peak .
eos Ellingwood_Point is located at the southern end of the Sangre de Cristo Range , approximately 1/2 mile ( 1 km ) northwest of Blanca Peak . Ellingwood_Point lies on the border between Alamosa County and Huerfano County .
eos Ellingwood_Point lies on the border between Alamosa County and Huerfano County . Ellingwood_Point is named for Albert Russell Ellingwood , an early pioneer of climbing in the Western United States and in Colorado in particular .
eos Ellingwood_Point is named for Albert Russell Ellingwood , an early pioneer of climbing in the Western United States and in Colorado in particular . Ellingwood_Point only barely qualifies as an independent peak under the 300 foot topographic prominence cutoff which is standard in Colorado .
eos Ellingwood_Point is named for Albert Russell Ellingwood , an early pioneer of climbing in the Western United States and in Colorado in particular . Ellingwood_Point only barely qualifies as an independent peak under the 300 foot topographic prominence cutoff which is standard in Colorado . Ellingwood_Point is also quite close to
eos Ellingwood_Point only barely qualifies as an independent peak under the 300 foot topographic prominence cutoff which is standard in Colorado . Ellingwood_Point is also quite close to Ellingwood_Point parent peak , Blanca Peak . Hence
eos Ellingwood_Point is also quite close to Ellingwood_Point parent peak , Blanca Peak . Hence Ellingwood_Point inclusion in fourteener lists has been somewhat controversial . However most authorities do consider
eos Hence Ellingwood_Point inclusion in fourteener lists has been somewhat controversial . However most authorities do consider Ellingwood_Point a true fourteener . Because of
eos Hence Ellingwood_Point inclusion in fourteener lists has been somewhat controversial . However most authorities do consider Ellingwood_Point a true fourteener . Because of Ellingwood_Point proximity to Blanca Peak ,
eos 
eos Elliott_Knob is one of the highest mountains in the northern portions of the US state of Virginia . At 4,463 feet ( 1,360 m ) ,
eos At 4,463 feet ( 1,360 m ) , Elliott_Knob is located on the northern point of the ridge known as Great North Mountain . A small , naturally growing stand of spruce trees are on the summit , indicating that the altitude is just high enough to support tree species normally found hundreds of miles to the north . Otherwise oak and hickory trees are the most common types found on
eos A small , naturally growing stand of spruce trees are on the summit , indicating that the altitude is just high enough to support tree species normally found hundreds of miles to the north . Otherwise oak and hickory trees are the most common types found on Elliott_Knob .
eos Otherwise oak and hickory trees are the most common types found on Elliott_Knob . Elliott_Knob is entirely within George Washington and Jefferson National Forests . The area around
eos Elliott_Knob is entirely within George Washington and Jefferson National Forests . The area around Elliott_Knob is inhabited by a wide array of fauna including Black Bears , White - tailed Deer and the elusive Bobcat . There is a Forest Service lookout tower , which is closed to the public , on top of
eos The area around Elliott_Knob is inhabited by a wide array of fauna including Black Bears , White - tailed Deer and the elusive Bobcat . There is a Forest Service lookout tower , which is closed to the public , on top of Elliott_Knob . A primitive jeep trail ascends
eos 
eos Emi_Koussi is a high shield volcano
eos Emi_Koussi is a high shield volcano Emi_Koussi lies at the south end of the Tibesti Mountains in the central Sahara of northern Chad .
eos Emi_Koussi is a high shield volcano Emi_Koussi lies at the south end of the Tibesti Mountains in the central Sahara of northern Chad . Emi_Koussi is the highest mountain in Chad , and the highest in the Sahara .
eos Emi_Koussi is the highest mountain in Chad , and the highest in the Sahara . Emi_Koussi is one of several in the Tibesti massif , and Emi_Koussi reaches 3445 m in altitude , rising 2.3 km above the surrounding sandstone plains .
eos Emi_Koussi is one of several in the Tibesti massif , and Emi_Koussi reaches 3445 m in altitude , rising 2.3 km above the surrounding sandstone plains . Emi_Koussi is 60 by 80 km wide . Two nested calderas cap
eos the outer one being about 12 by 15 km in size . Within it on the southeast side is a smaller caldera , about 2 - 3 km wide and 350 m deep . Numerous lava domes , cinder cones , maars , and lava flows are found both within the calderas and along the outer flanks of
eos Within it on the southeast side is a smaller caldera , about 2 - 3 km wide and 350 m deep . Numerous lava domes , cinder cones , maars , and lava flows are found both within the calderas and along the outer flanks of Emi_Koussi .
eos 
eos Si Pan ( Phan Xi Păng in Vietnamese pronunciation ) is a mountain in Vietnam , the highest in Indochina , at 3 143 m.
eos Pan ( Phan Xi Păng in Vietnamese pronunciation ) is a mountain in Vietnam , the highest in Indochina , at 3 143 m. Fansipan is located in the Lào Cai province in Northwest Vietnam , 9 km southwest of Sa Pa Township in the Hoang Lien Son Mountain Range .
eos Pan ( Phan Xi Păng in Vietnamese pronunciation ) is a mountain in Vietnam , the highest in Indochina , at 3 143 m. Fansipan is located in the Lào Cai province in Northwest Vietnam , 9 km southwest of Sa Pa Township in the Hoang Lien Son Mountain Range . Fansipan is dubbed ` ` the Roof of Indochina '' ;
eos ( Phan Xi Păng in Vietnamese pronunciation ) is a mountain in Vietnam , the highest in Indochina , at 3 143 m. Fansipan is located in the Lào Cai province in Northwest Vietnam , 9 km southwest of Sa Pa Township in the Hoang Lien Son Mountain Range . Fansipan is dubbed ` ` the Roof of Indochina '' ; Fansipan is to be approved as one of the very few ecotourist spots of Vietnam , with about 2,024 floral varieties and 327 faunal species . The topography of
eos Fansipan is dubbed ` ` the Roof of Indochina '' ; Fansipan is to be approved as one of the very few ecotourist spots of Vietnam , with about 2,024 floral varieties and 327 faunal species . The topography of Fansipan is varied . Muong Hoa Valley , at the lowest altitude ( 950 to 1 000 m ) , is created by a narrow strip of land at the base on the east side of
eos The topography of Fansipan is varied . Muong Hoa Valley , at the lowest altitude ( 950 to 1 000 m ) , is created by a narrow strip of land at the base on the east side of Fansipan .
eos 
eos Finisterre_Range is a mountain range in north - eastern Papua New Guinea , at 5.8 S 146.1 E The unnamed highest point of
eos Finisterre_Range is a mountain range in north - eastern Papua New Guinea , at 5.8 S 146.1 E The unnamed highest point of Finisterre_Range 5 ° 57 ' 15S , 146 ° 22 ' 30E , which is ranked 45th in the world by prominence , is usually quoted at 4,175 m , but SRTM data suggests that it is nearer to 4,120 m.
eos Finisterre_Range is a mountain range in north - eastern Papua New Guinea , at 5.8 S 146.1 E The unnamed highest point of Finisterre_Range 5 ° 57 ' 15S , 146 ° 22 ' 30E , which is ranked 45th in the world by prominence , is usually quoted at 4,175 m , but SRTM data suggests that it is nearer to 4,120 m. Finisterre_Range runs into the Saruwaged Range to the east and together they form a natural barrier between the Ramu and Markham valleys to the south and Vitiaz Strait to the north . Many rivers originate in
eos 
eos Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is a 3,510-foot ( 1,070 m ) mountain in the US state of Alaska , located in Chugach State Park just east of Anchorage .
eos Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is a 3,510-foot ( 1,070 m ) mountain in the US state of Alaska , located in Chugach State Park just east of Anchorage . Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is the most climbed mountain in the state .
eos Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is the most climbed mountain in the state . Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is usually reached by driving to the Glen Alps trailhead and following a well - maintained 1.5-mile ( 2.4-km ) trail , with an elevation gain of 1280 feet ( 390 m ) from the parking lot to the summit . Since
eos Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is the most climbed mountain in the state . Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is usually reached by driving to the Glen Alps trailhead and following a well - maintained 1.5-mile ( 2.4-km ) trail , with an elevation gain of 1280 feet ( 390 m ) from the parking lot to the summit . Since Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is the most accessible mountain to Anchorage ,
eos Since Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is the most accessible mountain to Anchorage , Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is a very popular location for hiking , climbing , berry picking , parasailing , and backcountry skiing . Campouts are held on the summit at the summer and winter solstices .
eos Since Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is the most accessible mountain to Anchorage , Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is a very popular location for hiking , climbing , berry picking , parasailing , and backcountry skiing . Campouts are held on the summit at the summer and winter solstices . Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is known for
eos 
eos Fletschhorn ( 3,993 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland .
eos 
eos Forellen_Peak is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , in the US state of Wyoming .
eos Forellen_Peak is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , in the US state of Wyoming . Forellen_Peak is in the northern section of the range , and Forellen_Peak rises abruptly more than 2,500 feet ( 762 m ) above Owl Creek . Unlike the more impressive sections of the Teton Range to the south ,
eos 
eos Galdhopiggen is the highest mountain in Norway , at 2,469 m above sea level .
eos 
eos Gangkhar_Puensum is the highest mountain in Bhutan and the highest unclimbed mountain in the world with an elevation of 7570 metres and a prominence of over 2990 metres . After Bhutan was opened for mountaineering in 1983 there were four expeditions that made failed summit attempts in 1985 and 1986 . However , in 1998 , a team successfully climbed a subsidiary peak of
eos After Bhutan was opened for mountaineering in 1983 there were four expeditions that made failed summit attempts in 1985 and 1986 . However , in 1998 , a team successfully climbed a subsidiary peak of Gangkhar_Puensum from Tibet .
eos However , in 1998 , a team successfully climbed a subsidiary peak of Gangkhar_Puensum from Tibet . Gangkhar_Puensum , alternative transliteration Gangkar Punsum or Gankar Punzum ( meaning 3 mountain siblings '' ) , had
eos However , in 1998 , a team successfully climbed a subsidiary peak of Gangkhar_Puensum from Tibet . Gangkhar_Puensum , alternative transliteration Gangkar Punsum or Gankar Punzum ( meaning 3 mountain siblings '' ) , had Gangkhar_Puensum altitude first measured in 1922 but maps of the region are not at all accurate and
eos Gangkhar_Puensum , alternative transliteration Gangkar Punsum or Gankar Punzum ( meaning 3 mountain siblings '' ) , had Gangkhar_Puensum altitude first measured in 1922 but maps of the region are not at all accurate and Gangkhar_Puensum is shown in different locations and with markedly different heights . Indeed , because of inadequate mapping , the first team to attempt the summit was unable to find
eos meaning 3 mountain siblings '' ) , had Gangkhar_Puensum altitude first measured in 1922 but maps of the region are not at all accurate and Gangkhar_Puensum is shown in different locations and with markedly different heights . Indeed , because of inadequate mapping , the first team to attempt the summit was unable to find Gangkhar_Puensum at all . The book of the 1986 British expedition gives
eos meaning 3 mountain siblings '' ) , had Gangkhar_Puensum altitude first measured in 1922 but maps of the region are not at all accurate and Gangkhar_Puensum is shown in different locations and with markedly different heights . Indeed , because of inadequate mapping , the first team to attempt the summit was unable to find Gangkhar_Puensum at all . The book of the 1986 British expedition gives Gangkhar_Puensum height as 24,770 feet and states that
eos It is variously mapped and described as being in Tibet or Bhutan . Since 1994 climbing of mountains in Bhutan higher than 6000 metres has been prohibited out of respect for local spiritual beliefs and since 2003 mountaineering has been forbidden completely . Gangkhar_Puensum may keep
eos It is variously mapped and described as being in Tibet or Bhutan . Since 1994 climbing of mountains in Bhutan higher than 6000 metres has been prohibited out of respect for local spiritual beliefs and since 2003 mountaineering has been forbidden completely .
eos Since 1994 climbing of mountains in Bhutan higher than 6000 metres has been prohibited out of respect for local spiritual beliefs and since 2003 mountaineering has been forbidden completely . Gangkhar_Puensum may keep Gangkhar_Puensum unique status for some time : Any higher unclimbed peaks in the world are likely to be subsidiary tops , not separate mountains . In 1998 a Japanese expedition secured permission from the Chinese Mountaineering Association to climb
eos In 1998 a Japanese expedition secured permission from the Chinese Mountaineering Association to climb Gangkhar_Puensum , but permission was withdrawn because of a political issue with Bhutan . Instead , in 1999 , the team set off from Tibet and successfully climbed the 7535 metre subsidiary peak , Liankang Kangri ( also known as Gangkhar Puensum North ) . Unlike most maps , the expedition 's report shows this summit as being in Tibet and the Tibet - Bhutan border is shown crossing the summit of
eos Unlike most maps , the expedition 's report shows this summit as being in Tibet and the Tibet - Bhutan border is shown crossing the summit of Gangkhar_Puensum , described as ` ` the highest peak in Bhutan , '' at 7570 metres . This elevation is supported by Japanese sources , in turn based on Chinese sources .
eos 
eos Gannett_Peak is the highest peak in the US state of Wyoming and Gannett_Peak straddles the boundary between Fremont and Sublette Counties along the Continental Divide . Geographically ,
eos Gannett_Peak is the highest peak in the US state of Wyoming and Gannett_Peak straddles the boundary between Fremont and Sublette Counties along the Continental Divide . Geographically , Gannett_Peak is the apex of the entire Central Rockies ; the largely continuous group of the chain occupying the states of Wyoming , Idaho and Montana . Named in 1906 for American geographer Henry Gannett ,
eos Geographically , Gannett_Peak is the apex of the entire Central Rockies ; the largely continuous group of the chain occupying the states of Wyoming , Idaho and Montana . Named in 1906 for American geographer Henry Gannett , Gannett_Peak is also the highpoint of the Wind River Range . The mountain slopes are located in both Bridger - Teton National Forest and Shoshone National Forest .
eos The mountain slopes are located in both Bridger - Teton National Forest and Shoshone National Forest . Gannett_Peak is the highest peak within what is better known as the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem . The 896 acre ( 3.63 km ² ) Gannett Glacier , which is likely the largest single glacier in the Rocky Mountains of the US , flows down from the northern slopes of
eos Gannett_Peak is the highest peak within what is better known as the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem . The 896 acre ( 3.63 km ² ) Gannett Glacier , which is likely the largest single glacier in the Rocky Mountains of the US , flows down from the northern slopes of Gannett_Peak . Minor Glacier is situated in the western cirque of
eos Gannett_Peak is the highest peak within what is better known as the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem . The 896 acre ( 3.63 km ² ) Gannett Glacier , which is likely the largest single glacier in the Rocky Mountains of the US , flows down from the northern slopes of Gannett_Peak . Minor Glacier is situated in the western cirque of Gannett_Peak while Dinwoody and Gooseneck Glaciers can be found on the southeast side of
eos The 896 acre ( 3.63 km ² ) Gannett Glacier , which is likely the largest single glacier in the Rocky Mountains of the US , flows down from the northern slopes of Gannett_Peak . Minor Glacier is situated in the western cirque of Gannett_Peak while Dinwoody and Gooseneck Glaciers can be found on the southeast side of Gannett_Peak .
eos Minor Glacier is situated in the western cirque of Gannett_Peak while Dinwoody and Gooseneck Glaciers can be found on the southeast side of Gannett_Peak . Gannett_Peak is commonly climbed on a four to six day round - trip , and Gannett_Peak is considered amongst mountaineers as second only to Alaska 's Denali in difficulty of state high points . However , many climbers rank
eos 
eos Gasherbrum_I ( also known as Hidden Peak or K5 ) is the 11th highest peak on Earth , located on the border of China - Kashmir .
eos Gasherbrum_I is part of the Gasherbrum massif , located in the Karakoram region of the Himalaya . Gasherbrum is often claimed to mean ` ` Shining Wall '' , presumably a reference to the highly visible face of the neighboring peak Gasherbrum IV ; but in fact it comes from ` ` rgasha '' ( beautiful ) + ` ` brum '' ( mountain ) in Balti , hence it actually means ` ` beautiful mountain . ''
eos Gasherbrum is often claimed to mean ` ` Shining Wall '' , presumably a reference to the highly visible face of the neighboring peak Gasherbrum IV ; but in fact it comes from ` ` rgasha '' ( beautiful ) + ` ` brum '' ( mountain ) in Balti , hence it actually means ` ` beautiful mountain . '' Gasherbrum_I was designated K5 ( meaning the 5th peak of the Karakoram ) by TG Montgomery in 1856 when he first spotted the peaks of the Karakoram from more than 200 km away during the Great Trigonometric Survey of India . In 1892 , William Martin Conway provided the alternate name , Hidden Peak , in reference to
eos Gasherbrum_I was designated K5 ( meaning the 5th peak of the Karakoram ) by TG Montgomery in 1856 when he first spotted the peaks of the Karakoram from more than 200 km away during the Great Trigonometric Survey of India . In 1892 , William Martin Conway provided the alternate name , Hidden Peak , in reference to Gasherbrum_I extreme remoteness .
eos 
eos Gasherbrum_III is a summit in the Gasherbrum massif of the Baltoro Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram on the border between Pakistan and China , in the region of Baltistan .
eos Gasherbrum_III is a summit in the Gasherbrum massif of the Baltoro Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram on the border between Pakistan and China , in the region of Baltistan . Gasherbrum_III is situated between Gasherbrum II and IV .
eos Gasherbrum_III is a summit in the Gasherbrum massif of the Baltoro Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram on the border between Pakistan and China , in the region of Baltistan . Gasherbrum_III is situated between Gasherbrum II and IV . Gasherbrum_III fails to meet a 500 metre topographic prominence cutoff to be an independent mountain ; hence
eos Gasherbrum_III is situated between Gasherbrum II and IV . Gasherbrum_III fails to meet a 500 metre topographic prominence cutoff to be an independent mountain ; hence Gasherbrum_III can be considered a subpeak of Gasherbrum II .
eos Gasherbrum_III is situated between Gasherbrum II and IV . Gasherbrum_III fails to meet a 500 metre topographic prominence cutoff to be an independent mountain ; hence Gasherbrum_III can be considered a subpeak of Gasherbrum II . Gasherbrum_III was one of the highest unclimbed summits in the world up to
eos 
eos Gasherbrum_IV is the 17th highest mountain on Earth and the 6th highest in Pakistan .
eos The Gasherbrums are a remote group of peaks located at the northeastern end of the Baltoro Glacier in the Karakoram range of the Himalaya . The massif contains three of the world 's 8,000 metre peaks ( if one includes Broad Peak ) . Gasherbrum is often claimed to mean ` ` Shining Wall '' , presumably a reference to the highly visible west face of
eos 
eos The massif contains three of the world 's 8,000 metre peaks ( if one includes Broad Peak ) . Gasherbrum is often claimed to mean ` ` Shining Wall '' , presumably a reference to the highly visible face of Gasherbrum IV ; but in fact it comes from ` ` rgasha '' ( beautiful ) + ` ` brum '' ( mountain ) in Balti , hence it actually means ` ` beautiful mountain . '' Although in Western literature a height around 7,320 m is traditionally given ,
eos 
eos Gerlachovsky_stit is the highest peak in the High Tatras , in Slovakia , and in the whole 1,500 km ( 900 mi . ) long Carpathian mountain chain , as well as in northern and eastern Central Europe . Usually listed at 2,655 m AMSL ( 8,711 ft . ) ,
eos Usually listed at 2,655 m AMSL ( 8,711 ft . ) , Gerlachovsky_stit exact elevation is actually 0.6 m ( 2 ft . ) lower . The pyramidal shape of the massif is marked by a huge cirque . Despite
eos Usually listed at 2,655 m AMSL ( 8,711 ft . ) , Gerlachovsky_stit exact elevation is actually 0.6 m ( 2 ft . ) lower . The pyramidal shape of the massif is marked by a huge cirque . Despite Gerlachovsky_stit relatively low elevation , the about 2,000 m vertical rise from the valley floor makes
eos The pyramidal shape of the massif is marked by a huge cirque . Despite Gerlachovsky_stit relatively low elevation , the about 2,000 m vertical rise from the valley floor makes Gerlachovsky_stit soar . Mistaken for an average mountain in the rugged High Tatras range in the more distant past ,
eos The pyramidal shape of the massif is marked by a huge cirque . Despite Gerlachovsky_stit relatively low elevation , the about 2,000 m vertical rise from the valley floor makes Gerlachovsky_stit soar . Mistaken for an average mountain in the rugged High Tatras range in the more distant past , Gerlachovsky_stit has since played a symbolic role in the eyes of the rulers and populations of several Central European nations , to the point that between the 19th and mid-20thcentury ,
eos Despite Gerlachovsky_stit relatively low elevation , the about 2,000 m vertical rise from the valley floor makes Gerlachovsky_stit soar . Mistaken for an average mountain in the rugged High Tatras range in the more distant past , Gerlachovsky_stit has since played a symbolic role in the eyes of the rulers and populations of several Central European nations , to the point that between the 19th and mid-20thcentury , Gerlachovsky_stit had four different names with six name reversals .
eos Mistaken for an average mountain in the rugged High Tatras range in the more distant past , Gerlachovsky_stit has since played a symbolic role in the eyes of the rulers and populations of several Central European nations , to the point that between the 19th and mid-20thcentury , Gerlachovsky_stit had four different names with six name reversals . Gerlachovsky_stit managed to be the highest mountain of the Kingdom of Hungary , and of the countries of Czechoslovakia and Slovakia within the span of only about two decades of the 20th century .
eos Mistaken for an average mountain in the rugged High Tatras range in the more distant past , Gerlachovsky_stit has since played a symbolic role in the eyes of the rulers and populations of several Central European nations , to the point that between the 19th and mid-20thcentury , Gerlachovsky_stit had four different names with six name reversals . Gerlachovsky_stit managed to be the highest mountain of the Kingdom of Hungary , and of the countries of Czechoslovakia and Slovakia within the span of only about two decades of the 20th century . Gerlachovsky_stit shares
eos Gerlachovsky_stit managed to be the highest mountain of the Kingdom of Hungary , and of the countries of Czechoslovakia and Slovakia within the span of only about two decades of the 20th century . Gerlachovsky_stit shares Gerlachovsky_stit geology and ecology with the rest of the High Tatras , but Gerlachovsky_stit provides a worthwhile environment for biologists as the highest ground anywhere in Europe north of the parallel linking approximately Munich , Salzburg , and Vienna .
eos Gerlachovsky_stit shares Gerlachovsky_stit geology and ecology with the rest of the High Tatras , but Gerlachovsky_stit provides a worthwhile environment for biologists as the highest ground anywhere in Europe north of the parallel linking approximately Munich , Salzburg , and Vienna . Gerlachovsky_stit used to be particularly treasured as the loftiest point to climb to by Czechs , eastern Germans , Hungarians , Poles , and Slovaks during the period of restricted travel in the 20th century .
eos Gerlachovsky_stit shares Gerlachovsky_stit geology and ecology with the rest of the High Tatras , but Gerlachovsky_stit provides a worthwhile environment for biologists as the highest ground anywhere in Europe north of the parallel linking approximately Munich , Salzburg , and Vienna . Gerlachovsky_stit used to be particularly treasured as the loftiest point to climb to by Czechs , eastern Germans , Hungarians , Poles , and Slovaks during the period of restricted travel in the 20th century . Gerlachovsky_stit continues to attract
eos 
eos Ghent_Kangri ( or Mount Ghent , Ghaint I ) is a high peak at the north end of the Saltoro Mountains , a subrange of the Karakoram range .
eos Ghent_Kangri ( or Mount Ghent , Ghaint I ) is a high peak at the north end of the Saltoro Mountains , a subrange of the Karakoram range . Ghent_Kangri is located in Ladakh district of India , near the Line of Control .
eos Ghent_Kangri was first climbed on 4 june 1961 , by Wolfgang Axt , a member of an Austrian expedition lead by Erich Waschak , via the West Ridge . He climbed solo above the high camp . According to the Index , there have been three subsequent ascents of
eos 
eos Glacier_Peak ( known in the Sauk Indian dialect of Lushootseed as ` ` Tda - ko - buh - ba '' or ` ` Takobia '' ) is the most remote of the five major volcanoes in the Cascade Volcanic Belt in Washington .
eos Glacier_Peak ( known in the Sauk Indian dialect of Lushootseed as ` ` Tda - ko - buh - ba '' or ` ` Takobia '' ) is the most remote of the five major volcanoes in the Cascade Volcanic Belt in Washington . Glacier_Peak is not prominently visible from any major population center , and so
eos Glacier_Peak ( known in the Sauk Indian dialect of Lushootseed as ` ` Tda - ko - buh - ba '' or ` ` Takobia '' ) is the most remote of the five major volcanoes in the Cascade Volcanic Belt in Washington . Glacier_Peak is not prominently visible from any major population center , and so Glacier_Peak attractions , as well as
eos ( known in the Sauk Indian dialect of Lushootseed as ` ` Tda - ko - buh - ba '' or ` ` Takobia '' ) is the most remote of the five major volcanoes in the Cascade Volcanic Belt in Washington . Glacier_Peak is not prominently visible from any major population center , and so Glacier_Peak attractions , as well as Glacier_Peak hazards , tend to be overlooked . Yet since the end of the last ice age ,
eos Glacier_Peak is not prominently visible from any major population center , and so Glacier_Peak attractions , as well as Glacier_Peak hazards , tend to be overlooked . Yet since the end of the last ice age , Glacier_Peak has produced some of the largest and most explosive eruptions in the state . During this time period ,
eos In 1805 , Lewis and Clark noted Mount Adams . By the mid-19th century , each of these four volcanoes had their place on a published map .
eos By the mid-19th century , each of these four volcanoes had their place on a published map . Glacier_Peak was n't known by settlers to be a volcano until the 1850s , when Native Americans mentioned to naturalist George Gibbs that ` ` another smaller peak to the north of Mount Rainier once smoked . '' Not until 1898 did
eos By the mid-19th century , each of these four volcanoes had their place on a published map . Glacier_Peak was n't known by settlers to be a volcano until the 1850s , when Native Americans mentioned to naturalist George Gibbs that ` ` another smaller peak to the north of Mount Rainier once smoked . '' Not until 1898 did Glacier_Peak appear on a published map under
eos Glacier_Peak was n't known by settlers to be a volcano until the 1850s , when Native Americans mentioned to naturalist George Gibbs that ` ` another smaller peak to the north of Mount Rainier once smoked . '' Not until 1898 did Glacier_Peak appear on a published map under Glacier_Peak current name .
eos Not until 1898 did Glacier_Peak appear on a published map under Glacier_Peak current name . Glacier_Peak is situated in Snohomish County , only 70 miles ( 112 km ) northeast of Seattle - closer to that city than any volcano except Mount Rainier . But unlike Mount Rainier ,
eos Not until 1898 did Glacier_Peak appear on a published map under Glacier_Peak current name . Glacier_Peak is situated in Snohomish County , only 70 miles ( 112 km ) northeast of Seattle - closer to that city than any volcano except Mount Rainier . But unlike Mount Rainier , Glacier_Peak rises only a few thousand feet above neighboring peaks , and from coastal communities
eos Glacier_Peak is situated in Snohomish County , only 70 miles ( 112 km ) northeast of Seattle - closer to that city than any volcano except Mount Rainier . But unlike Mount Rainier , Glacier_Peak rises only a few thousand feet above neighboring peaks , and from coastal communities Glacier_Peak appears merely as a high point along a snowy saw - toothed skyline . Yet
eos But unlike Mount Rainier , Glacier_Peak rises only a few thousand feet above neighboring peaks , and from coastal communities Glacier_Peak appears merely as a high point along a snowy saw - toothed skyline . Yet Glacier_Peak has been one of the most active of Washington 's volcanoes . Since the continental ice sheets receded from the region ,
eos 
eos Going_to_the_Sun_Mountain is located in Glacier National Park ( US ) and Going_to_the_Sun_Mountain rises dramatically above St. Mary valley just north of the Going - to - the - Sun Road . Numerous Blackfeet Indian legends are credited with the origins of
eos Going_to_the_Sun_Mountain is located in Glacier National Park ( US ) and Going_to_the_Sun_Mountain rises dramatically above St. Mary valley just north of the Going - to - the - Sun Road . Numerous Blackfeet Indian legends are credited with the origins of Going_to_the_Sun_Mountain name . Used by the Blackfeet as a location for vision quests ,
eos Numerous Blackfeet Indian legends are credited with the origins of Going_to_the_Sun_Mountain name . Used by the Blackfeet as a location for vision quests , Going_to_the_Sun_Mountain is one of the most accessible major mountain peaks in Glacier National Park . According to several sources , the actual Blackfeet name for
eos 
eos Golden_Hinde_mountain is a mountain located in the Vancouver Island Ranges on Vancouver Island , British Columbia . At 2,198 m ( 7,211 ft ) ,
eos Golden_Hinde_mountain is a mountain located in the Vancouver Island Ranges on Vancouver Island , British Columbia . At 2,198 m ( 7,211 ft ) , Golden_Hinde_mountain is the highest peak on the island .
eos At 2,198 m ( 7,211 ft ) , Golden_Hinde_mountain is the highest peak on the island . Golden_Hinde_mountain is located near the centre of the 2,450 km ² ( 605,000 acre ) Strathcona Provincial Park , at the head of Wolf River and to the west of Buttle Lake , about east of the community of Gold River .
eos Golden_Hinde_mountain is located near the centre of the 2,450 km ² ( 605,000 acre ) Strathcona Provincial Park , at the head of Wolf River and to the west of Buttle Lake , about east of the community of Gold River . Golden_Hinde_mountain is popular with experienced backcountry climbers , having been first ascended in 1913 .
eos Golden_Hinde_mountain is popular with experienced backcountry climbers , having been first ascended in 1913 . Golden_Hinde_mountain is made of basalt which is part of the Karmutsen Formation .
eos Golden_Hinde_mountain is popular with experienced backcountry climbers , having been first ascended in 1913 . Golden_Hinde_mountain is made of basalt which is part of the Karmutsen Formation . Golden_Hinde_mountain was named for Sir Francis Drake 's ship , the Golden Hinde , by an early fur - trading captain , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as sunset hit
eos Golden_Hinde_mountain is popular with experienced backcountry climbers , having been first ascended in 1913 . Golden_Hinde_mountain is made of basalt which is part of the Karmutsen Formation . Golden_Hinde_mountain was named for Sir Francis Drake 's ship , the Golden Hinde , by an early fur - trading captain , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as sunset hit Golden_Hinde_mountain ,
eos Golden_Hinde_mountain is made of basalt which is part of the Karmutsen Formation . Golden_Hinde_mountain was named for Sir Francis Drake 's ship , the Golden Hinde , by an early fur - trading captain , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as sunset hit Golden_Hinde_mountain , Golden_Hinde_mountain is visible from the west coast of the Island . The present name was n't officially conferred until 1938 , but this was done after a reference to Golden_Hinde_mountain in one of logs of the early fur - trading captains , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as the golden light of sunset hit
eos Golden_Hinde_mountain is made of basalt which is part of the Karmutsen Formation . Golden_Hinde_mountain was named for Sir Francis Drake 's ship , the Golden Hinde , by an early fur - trading captain , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as sunset hit Golden_Hinde_mountain , Golden_Hinde_mountain is visible from the west coast of the Island . The present name was n't officially conferred until 1938 , but this was done after a reference to Golden_Hinde_mountain in one of logs of the early fur - trading captains , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as the golden light of sunset hit Golden_Hinde_mountain ,
eos Golden_Hinde_mountain is made of basalt which is part of the Karmutsen Formation . Golden_Hinde_mountain was named for Sir Francis Drake 's ship , the Golden Hinde , by an early fur - trading captain , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as sunset hit Golden_Hinde_mountain , Golden_Hinde_mountain is visible from the west coast of the Island . The present name was n't officially conferred until 1938 , but this was done after a reference to
eos Golden_Hinde_mountain was named for Sir Francis Drake 's ship , the Golden Hinde , by an early fur - trading captain , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as sunset hit Golden_Hinde_mountain , Golden_Hinde_mountain is visible from the west coast of the Island . The present name was n't officially conferred until 1938 , but this was done after a reference to Golden_Hinde_mountain in one of logs of the early fur - trading captains , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as the golden light of sunset hit Golden_Hinde_mountain , Golden_Hinde_mountain is visible from the west coast of the Island . The alternative name ` ` The Rooster 's Comb '' was used by early alpinists because of
eos 
eos Grand_Cornier ( 3,962 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . The first ascent of
eos 
eos The origin of the name is controversial . The most common explanation is that ` ` Grand Teton '' means ` ` large teat '' in French , named by either French - Canadian or Iroquois members of an expedition led by Donald McKenzie of the Northwest Company . However , other historians disagree , and claim that
eos The most common explanation is that ` ` Grand Teton '' means ` ` large teat '' in French , named by either French - Canadian or Iroquois members of an expedition led by Donald McKenzie of the Northwest Company . However , other historians disagree , and claim that Grand_Teton was named after the Teton Sioux tribe of Native Americans . There is a controversy over who made the first ascent of
eos There is a controversy over who made the first ascent of Grand_Teton . Nathaniel Langford and James Stevenson claimed to reach the summit on july 29 , 1872 . However , their description and sketches match the summit of The Enclosure : side peak of
eos 
eos Grandes_Jorasses ( 4,208 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc range . The first ascent of the highest peak of
eos Grandes_Jorasses ( 4,208 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc range . The first ascent of the highest peak of Grandes_Jorasses ( Pointe Walker ) was by Horace Walker with guides Melchior Anderegg , Johann Jaun and Julien Grange on 30 june 1868 . The second - highest peak on
eos The first ascent of the highest peak of Grandes_Jorasses ( Pointe Walker ) was by Horace Walker with guides Melchior Anderegg , Johann Jaun and Julien Grange on 30 june 1868 . The second - highest peak on Grandes_Jorasses ( Pointe Whymper , 4,184 m ) was first climbed by Edward Whymper , Christian Almer , Michel Croz and Franz Biner on june 24 1865 , using what has become the normal route of ascent and the one followed by Walker 's party in 1868 . The other summits on
eos 
eos Granite_Peak_Montana is the highest point in the state of Montana , USA .
eos Granite_Peak_Montana is the highest point in the state of Montana , USA . Granite_Peak_Montana lies within the Absaroka - Beartooth Wilderness , in Park County very near the borders of Stillwater County and Carbon County .
eos Granite_Peak_Montana lies within the Absaroka - Beartooth Wilderness , in Park County very near the borders of Stillwater County and Carbon County . Granite_Peak_Montana is 10 mi north of the Wyoming border , southwest of Columbus , Montana .
eos Granite_Peak_Montana is 10 mi north of the Wyoming border , southwest of Columbus , Montana . Granite_Peak_Montana is one of the most difficult US state highpoint ascents , due to technical climbing , poor weather , and route finding .
eos Granite_Peak_Montana is one of the most difficult US state highpoint ascents , due to technical climbing , poor weather , and route finding . Granite_Peak_Montana first ascent was made by Elers Koch on august 29 , 1923 after several failed attempts by others .
eos Granite_Peak_Montana first ascent was made by Elers Koch on august 29 , 1923 after several failed attempts by others . Granite_Peak_Montana was the last of the state highpoints to be climbed . Today , climbers typically spend two or three days ascending
eos Granite_Peak_Montana was the last of the state highpoints to be climbed . Today , climbers typically spend two or three days ascending Granite_Peak_Montana , stopping over on the Froze - to - Death Plateau . However , other climbers choose to ascend
eos 
eos 
eos Grays_Peak is the highest mountain in the Front Range of the Southern Rocky Mountains in the US State of Colorado .
eos Grays_Peak is the highest mountain in the Front Range of the Southern Rocky Mountains in the US State of Colorado . Grays_Peak is one of 54 fourteeners ( mountains of over 14,000 feet ( 4,268 m ) in elevation ) in Colorado .
eos Grays_Peak is one of 54 fourteeners ( mountains of over 14,000 feet ( 4,268 m ) in elevation ) in Colorado . Grays_Peak nearest major city is Denver . The first man to ascend
eos Grays_Peak is one of 54 fourteeners ( mountains of over 14,000 feet ( 4,268 m ) in elevation ) in Colorado . Grays_Peak nearest major city is Denver . The first man to ascend Grays_Peak , botanist Charles C Parry , named
eos Grays_Peak nearest major city is Denver . The first man to ascend Grays_Peak , botanist Charles C Parry , named Grays_Peak for his botanist colleague Asa Gray . Gray actually did not see
eos The first man to ascend Grays_Peak , botanist Charles C Parry , named Grays_Peak for his botanist colleague Asa Gray . Gray actually did not see Grays_Peak until 1872 , 11 years later .
eos Gray actually did not see Grays_Peak until 1872 , 11 years later . Grays_Peak is nearly always mentioned in conjunction with nearby Torreys Peak .
eos Grays_Peak is nearly always mentioned in conjunction with nearby Torreys Peak . Grays_Peak is located on the Continental Divide , as well as the boundary between Clear Creek County and Summit County .
eos Grays_Peak summit is the highest point exactly on the Continental Divide . ( There are higher summits , such as Mount Elbert , which are near the Divide . ) Like the other fourteeners nearby ,
eos ( There are higher summits , such as Mount Elbert , which are near the Divide . ) Like the other fourteeners nearby , Grays_Peak is considered to be an easy hike by fourteener standards , and Grays_Peak is very popular among weekend climbers . Usually a climb to the summit of
eos 
eos Great_Mell_Fell is a hill in the Eastern Fells of the English Lake District .
eos Great_Mell_Fell is a hill in the Eastern Fells of the English Lake District . Great_Mell_Fell is a north - eastern outlier of the Helvellyn range , but , like
eos Great_Mell_Fell is a hill in the Eastern Fells of the English Lake District . Great_Mell_Fell is a north - eastern outlier of the Helvellyn range , but , like Great_Mell_Fell twin Little Mell Fell , Great_Mell_Fell is isolated from
eos Great_Mell_Fell is a hill in the Eastern Fells of the English Lake District . Great_Mell_Fell is a north - eastern outlier of the Helvellyn range , but , like Great_Mell_Fell twin Little Mell Fell , Great_Mell_Fell is isolated from Great_Mell_Fell fellows , standing in the middle of a flat plain . Presenting a symmetrical domed profile from almost all aspects ,
eos 
eos Grotto_Mountain is a mountain located in the Bow River valley , across from Canmore , Alberta , Canada . There are two main scrambling routes : * Northwest Variation - from the ACC clubhouse , ascends the northwest side of
eos 
eos Grouse_Mountain is a ski area and tourist attraction located in the District of North Vancouver , British Columbia .
eos 
eos 
eos Gunnbjorn_Fjeld ( also called only Gunnbjørn or Hvitserk ) is Greenland 's highest mountain and also the highest mountain north of the Arctic circle .
eos Gunnbjorn_Fjeld ( also called only Gunnbjørn or Hvitserk ) is Greenland 's highest mountain and also the highest mountain north of the Arctic circle . Gunnbjorn_Fjeld is located in the Watkins Range on the east coast .
eos Gunnbjorn_Fjeld is located in the Watkins Range on the east coast . Gunnbjorn_Fjeld is a nunatak , a rocky peak protruding through glacial ice .
eos Gunnbjorn_Fjeld is a nunatak , a rocky peak protruding through glacial ice . Gunnbjorn_Fjeld height is often given as 3,700 metres , although figures vary slightly .
eos 
eos Ha_Ling_Peak is a peak of Mount Lawrence Grassi - a mountain located immediately south of the town of Canmore just east of the Spray Lakes road in Alberta 's Canadian Rockies .
eos 
eos Habicht is a mountain in the Stubai Alps of Austria . For a long time , the locals believed
eos Habicht is a mountain in the Stubai Alps of Austria . For a long time , the locals believed Habicht to be the highest mountain in Tyrol , due to
eos Habicht is a mountain in the Stubai Alps of Austria . For a long time , the locals believed Habicht to be the highest mountain in Tyrol , due to Habicht prominence above the surrounding mountains . Despite what they thought , the highest peak in the Stubai Alps is Zuckerhütl which is 230 metres higher than
eos 
eos Haleakala or East Maui Volcano is a massive shield volcano
eos 
eos Half_Dome is a granite dome in Yosemite National Park , located at the eastern end of Yosemite Valley - possibly Yosemite 's most familiar sight .
eos 
eos Halti is the highest point in Finland , at 1,324 m above sea level .
eos Halti is the highest point in Finland , at 1,324 m above sea level . Halti ( also known as Haltitunturi , Haltia or Haltiatunturi - tunturi meaning fell - and Háldi in Sámi ) is located in the municipality of Enontekiö in the province of Lapland at the border between Finland and Norway . The summit of
eos 
eos Handies_Peak is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the US state of Colorado .
eos 
eos Haramosh_Peak ( also known as Haramosh or Peak 58 ) is a mountain located in the Karakoram range of Pakistan .
eos 
eos Harney_Peak is the highest mountain in South Dakota , located in Black Hills National Forest .
eos Harney_Peak is the highest mountain in South Dakota , located in Black Hills National Forest . Harney_Peak elevation is 7,242 ft ( 2,207 m ) .
eos An abandoned fire lookout tower is situated on the summit . A plaque at the base of the tower which reads ` ` Valentine McGillycuddy , Wasicu Wacan '' marks the final resting place for Dr. Valentine McGillycuddy .
eos The top can be reached by following the trails either from Sylvan Lake or Horse Thief Lake . The hike from Sylvan Lake to the summit and back is about 6 miles ( 10 km ) .
eos Harney_Peak is located within the Black Elk Wilderness area . No permit is required for use of the trail , although the National Forest Service asks ( at a self - service kiosk ) that hikers register to obtain a free permit upon entering the Black Elk Wilderness area , en route to the summit . The entire area around
eos 
eos Hayes_Volcano is a little - known volcano 135 km northwest of Anchorage
eos Hayes_Volcano is a little - known volcano 135 km northwest of Anchorage Hayes_Volcano was not discovered until 1975 .
eos Hayes_Volcano is a little - known volcano 135 km northwest of Anchorage Hayes_Volcano was not discovered until 1975 . Hayes_Volcano is responsible for a series of six major tephra layers in the Cook Inlet region of Alaska .
eos Hayes_Volcano was mostly destroyed by at least six catastrophic eruptions between 3,400 and 3,800 years ago , and the average volume of these eruptions was 2.4 cubic km . In comparison , the volume of the May 18 , 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens was about 1 cubic km . The eruptions of
eos The eruptions of Hayes_Volcano during that time were the most voluminous Holocene eruptions to have occurred in the Cook Inlet region . There is currently no fumarolic activity present . The last eruption of
eos 
eos Heavens_Peak is a mountain peak located in Glacier National Park , Montana .
eos Heavens_Peak is a mountain peak located in Glacier National Park , Montana . Heavens_Peak is located near the western terminus of the Going - to - the - Sun Road , and Heavens_Peak towers above Lake McDonald , the largest lake in the park .
eos Heavens_Peak is a mountain peak located in Glacier National Park , Montana . Heavens_Peak is located near the western terminus of the Going - to - the - Sun Road , and Heavens_Peak towers above Lake McDonald , the largest lake in the park . Heavens_Peak is 8,987 feet ( 2,739 m ) high and Heavens_Peak rises over 5,000 feet ( 1,500 m ) above
eos 
eos Hehuanshan ( "" Traditional Chinese : 合歡山 , Pinyin : hé huān shān , also called : Joy Mountain "" ) is a 3,416-meter ( 11,207-foot ) high mountain in Central Taiwan .
eos ( "" Traditional Chinese : 合歡山 , Pinyin : hé huān shān , also called : Joy Mountain "" ) is a 3,416-meter ( 11,207-foot ) high mountain in Central Taiwan . Hehuanshan lies on the boundaries of Nantou and Hualien counties and Hehuanshan is within the Taroko Gorge National Park .
eos Hehuanshan lies on the boundaries of Nantou and Hualien counties and Hehuanshan is within the Taroko Gorge National Park . Hehuanshan is a popular destination for the local people of central Taiwan . The 3,421-meter East Peak and 3,422-meter North Peak of
eos 
eos Hekla is a stratovolcano located in the south of Iceland at 63.98 deg N 19.70 deg W , with a height of 1488 m.
eos Hekla is a stratovolcano located in the south of Iceland at 63.98 deg N 19.70 deg W , with a height of 1488 m. Hekla is Iceland 's most active volcano ; over 20 outbreaks have occurred in and around
eos Hekla is a stratovolcano located in the south of Iceland at 63.98 deg N 19.70 deg W , with a height of 1488 m. Hekla is Iceland 's most active volcano ; over 20 outbreaks have occurred in and around Hekla since 874 . During the Middle Ages , Icelanders called
eos N 19.70 deg W , with a height of 1488 m. Hekla is Iceland 's most active volcano ; over 20 outbreaks have occurred in and around Hekla since 874 . During the Middle Ages , Icelanders called Hekla the ` ` Gateway to Hell . ''
eos During the Middle Ages , Icelanders called Hekla the ` ` Gateway to Hell . '' Hekla is part of a volcanic ridge , 40 km ( 25 mi ) long . However , the most active part of this ridge , about 5.5 km ( 3.4 mi ) long , is considered to be
eos Hekla is part of a volcanic ridge , 40 km ( 25 mi ) long . However , the most active part of this ridge , about 5.5 km ( 3.4 mi ) long , is considered to be Hekla .
eos Hekla is part of a volcanic ridge , 40 km ( 25 mi ) long . However , the most active part of this ridge , about 5.5 km ( 3.4 mi ) long , is considered to be Hekla . Hekla looks rather like an overturned boat , with
eos 
eos Himalchuli is the second highest mountain in the Mansiri Himal , part of the Nepalese Himalaya .
eos Himalchuli is the second highest mountain in the Mansiri Himal , part of the Nepalese Himalaya . Himalchuli lies south of Manaslu , one of the Eight thousanders .
eos Himalchuli lies south of Manaslu , one of the Eight thousanders . Himalchuli has three main peaks : East ( 7893 m ) , West ( 7540 m ) and North ( 7371 m ) .
eos 
eos Hiunchuli is a peak in the Himalaya of central Nepal .
eos Hiunchuli is a peak in the Himalaya of central Nepal . Hiunchuli is an extension of Annapurna South .
eos Hiunchuli is a peak in the Himalaya of central Nepal . Hiunchuli is an extension of Annapurna South . Hiunchuli is classified as a trekking peak by the NMA , but
eos 
eos Hohberghorn ( 4,219 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland .
eos Hohberghorn ( 4,219 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . Hohberghorn lies towards the northern end of the Nadelgrat , a high - level ridge running roughly north - south above the resort of Saas - Fee to the east , and the Mattertal to the west .
eos Hohberghorn lies towards the northern end of the Nadelgrat , a high - level ridge running roughly north - south above the resort of Saas - Fee to the east , and the Mattertal to the west . Hohberghorn was first climbed by R B. Heathcote , with guides Franz Biner , Peter Perren and Peter Taugwalderon , in august 1869 via the west gully above the Hohberg Glacier to the Stecknadeljoch .
eos 
eos Hoher_Dachstein is a strongly karstic Austrian mountain , and the second highest mountain in the Northern Limestone Alps .
eos Hoher_Dachstein is a strongly karstic Austrian mountain , and the second highest mountain in the Northern Limestone Alps . Hoher_Dachstein is situated at the border of Upper Austria and Styria in central Austria , and Hoher_Dachstein is the highest point in each of those states . Parts of the massif also lie in the state of Salzburg , leading to
eos The Dachstein massif covers an area of around 20 × 30 km with dozens of peaks above 2,500 m , the highset of which are in the southern and south - western areas . Seen from the north , the Dachstein massif is dominated by the glaciers with the rocky summits rising beyond them . By contrast , to the south ,
eos By contrast , to the south , Hoher_Dachstein drops almost vertically to the valley floor . The geology of the Dachstein massif is dominated by the so - called Dachstein - Kalk ( ` ` Dachstein limestone '' ) , dating from Triassic times . In common with other karstic areas ,
eos In common with other karstic areas , Hoher_Dachstein is permeated by a rich cave system , including some of the largest caves in Austria , such as the Mammuthhöhle and the Hirlatzhöhle . Another significant tourist destination is the Eisriesenhöhle .
eos In common with other karstic areas , Hoher_Dachstein is permeated by a rich cave system , including some of the largest caves in Austria , such as the Mammuthhöhle and the Hirlatzhöhle . Another significant tourist destination is the Eisriesenhöhle . Hoher_Dachstein is famous for
eos Another significant tourist destination is the Eisriesenhöhle . Hoher_Dachstein is famous for Hoher_Dachstein fossils , including megalodonts ; the Linzer Weg leads over many such fossils , which are referred to as Kuhtritte ( ` ` cattle footprints '' ) . Glaciers are uncommon in the Northern Limestone Alps , and those on
eos 
eos Говерла "" Goverla , Czech and Slovak : Hoverla , "" Polish : Howerla "" ) at 2,061 m , is the highest mountain in Ukraine and part of the Carpathian Mountains .
eos At the eastern slope there is the main spring of the Prut river . The date of the first ascent is unknown . In late 19th century
eos The date of the first ascent is unknown . In late 19th century Hoverla became a notable tourist attraction , especially among tourists from nearby cities of Galicia . In 1880 the first tourist route between the peak of
eos In 1880 the first tourist route between the peak of Hoverla and Krasny Luh was marked by Leopold Wajgel of the Galician Tatra Society . The following year the first tourist shelter was founded there . In the 20th century and especially after Ukraine gained independence , losing the cheap access to the many mountain region of the former USSR ,
eos In the 20th century and especially after Ukraine gained independence , losing the cheap access to the many mountain region of the former USSR , Hoverla is increasingly gaining popularity as an extreme sport site . Some routes are classified as 1A in winter period ( from late autumn to May ) , according to the USSR grading system . Nowadays because of
eos In the 20th century and especially after Ukraine gained independence , losing the cheap access to the many mountain region of the former USSR , Hoverla is increasingly gaining popularity as an extreme sport site . Some routes are classified as 1A in winter period ( from late autumn to May ) , according to the USSR grading system . Nowadays because of Hoverla prominence too many unskilled extreme - lovers are taking attempts to climb
eos Some routes are classified as 1A in winter period ( from late autumn to May ) , according to the USSR grading system . Nowadays because of Hoverla prominence too many unskilled extreme - lovers are taking attempts to climb Hoverla in winter , resulting in regular frostbites or even deaths . In october 2007 the radical pro - Russian Eurasia Party - affiliated ` ` Eurasian Youth Union '' vandalized the official Ukrainian state symbols put on
eos Nowadays because of Hoverla prominence too many unskilled extreme - lovers are taking attempts to climb Hoverla in winter , resulting in regular frostbites or even deaths . In october 2007 the radical pro - Russian Eurasia Party - affiliated ` ` Eurasian Youth Union '' vandalized the official Ukrainian state symbols put on Hoverla . According to the group , they ` ` renamed ''
eos 
eos Hualalai is the third - most historically active shield volcano on the Island of Hawaii in the Hawaiian Islands .
eos Hualalai is the third - most historically active shield volcano on the Island of Hawaii in the Hawaiian Islands . Hualalai peak is at 8,271 ft ( 2,521 m ) above sea level .
eos Hualalai peak is at 8,271 ft ( 2,521 m ) above sea level . Hualalai lies more or less due west of the saddle between the much taller Mauna Kea and Mauna Loa mountains , and Hualalai forms the backdrop to the town of Kailua - Kona . In fact , the town is built on the southwestern slope of
eos 
eos Humboldt_Peak_Colorado is a high peak in the Sangre de Cristo Range in southern Colorado .
eos Humboldt_Peak_Colorado is the least challenging climb of the Crestone group of fourteeners , which include Crestone Peak , Crestone Needle , and Kit Carson Peak . ( Challenger Point , a subpeak of Kit Carson Peak , is sometimes included in this list . ) Despite the rather impressive north face of
eos Humboldt_Peak_Colorado is the least challenging climb of the Crestone group of fourteeners , which include Crestone Peak , Crestone Needle , and Kit Carson Peak . ( Challenger Point , a subpeak of Kit Carson Peak , is sometimes included in this list . ) Despite the rather impressive north face of Humboldt_Peak_Colorado , the standard route on
eos ( Challenger Point , a subpeak of Kit Carson Peak , is sometimes included in this list . ) Despite the rather impressive north face of Humboldt_Peak_Colorado , the standard route on Humboldt_Peak_Colorado is not much more than a hike along a decent trail with some minor rock scrambling ( Class 2 ) near the summit .
eos Despite the rather impressive north face of Humboldt_Peak_Colorado , the standard route on Humboldt_Peak_Colorado is not much more than a hike along a decent trail with some minor rock scrambling ( Class 2 ) near the summit . Humboldt_Peak_Colorado is considered an easy climb and Humboldt_Peak_Colorado is recommended for those just beginning to climb the fourteeners . The trail climbs
eos 
eos Humphreys_Peak is the highest point in the US state of Arizona and Humphreys_Peak is located in Coconino County , about north of Flagstaff , Arizona .
eos The summit can be most easily reached by hiking the long Humphreys Trail that begins at the Arizona Snowbowl ski resort in the Coconino National Forest . The last of the trail traverses the only region of tundra in Arizona , at an elevation of more than 11,500 feet ( 3,505 m ) .
eos The last of the trail traverses the only region of tundra in Arizona , at an elevation of more than 11,500 feet ( 3,505 m ) . Humphreys_Peak was named in about 1870 for General Andrew A Humphreys , a US Army officer who was a Union general during the American Civil War , and who later became Chief of Engineers of the United States Army Corps of Engineers . However , a General Land Office map from 1903 showed the name San Francisco Peak applied to
eos The last of the trail traverses the only region of tundra in Arizona , at an elevation of more than 11,500 feet ( 3,505 m ) . Humphreys_Peak was named in about 1870 for General Andrew A Humphreys , a US Army officer who was a Union general during the American Civil War , and who later became Chief of Engineers of the United States Army Corps of Engineers . However , a General Land Office map from 1903 showed the name San Francisco Peak applied to Humphreys_Peak ( apparently borrowed from San Francisco Mountain on which
eos Thus the United States Board on Geographic Names approved the variant name in 1911 . In 1933 , the application of the names was rectified .
eos 
eos Huron_Peak is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado .
eos Huron_Peak is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado . Huron_Peak is located in the central Sawatch Range , west of the Mount Belford group , in the Collegiate Peaks Wilderness .
eos Huron_Peak is located in the central Sawatch Range , west of the Mount Belford group , in the Collegiate Peaks Wilderness . Huron_Peak lies in Chaffee County , approximately 18 miles ( 29 km ) northwest of the town of Buena Vista . While relatively close to
eos Huron_Peak is located in the central Sawatch Range , west of the Mount Belford group , in the Collegiate Peaks Wilderness . Huron_Peak lies in Chaffee County , approximately 18 miles ( 29 km ) northwest of the town of Buena Vista . While relatively close to Huron_Peak neighbor peaks ,
eos 
eos Iceberg_Peak is a mountain located on Vancouver Island , British Columbia . Within the boundaries of Strathcona Provincial Park ,
eos 
eos Illimani ( from Aimara , meaning ` ` golden eagle '' ) is the highest peak in the Cordillera Real ( part of the Cordillera Oriental , a subrange of the Andes ) of western Bolivia .
eos ( from Aimara , meaning ` ` golden eagle '' ) is the highest peak in the Cordillera Real ( part of the Cordillera Oriental , a subrange of the Andes ) of western Bolivia . Illimani lies just south of La Paz at the eastern edge of the Altiplano .
eos Illimani is the second highest peak in Bolivia , after Nevado Sajama , and the eighteenth highest peak in South America . The snow line lies at about 4,570 metres ( 15,000 ft ) above sea level , and glaciers are found on the northern face at 4,983 m ( 16,350 ft ) .
eos The snow line lies at about 4,570 metres ( 15,000 ft ) above sea level , and glaciers are found on the northern face at 4,983 m ( 16,350 ft ) . Illimani has four main peaks ; the highest is the south summit , Nevado Illimani , which is a popular ascent for mountain climbers . Geologically ,
eos Illimani has four main peaks ; the highest is the south summit , Nevado Illimani , which is a popular ascent for mountain climbers . Geologically , Illimani is composed primarily of granodiorite , intruded during the Cenozoic era into the sedimentary rock which forms the bulk of the Cordillera Real .
eos Geologically , Illimani is composed primarily of granodiorite , intruded during the Cenozoic era into the sedimentary rock which forms the bulk of the Cordillera Real . Illimani is quite visible from the city of La Paz and Illimani is its major landmark .
eos most importantly ` ` Illimani '' , with the following refrain : ` ` Illimani , Illimani , sentinela de La Paz ! Illimani , Illimani , patrimonio de Bolivia ! ''
eos Illimani was first attempted in 1877 by C Wiener , J de Grumkow , and J C. Ocampo . They failed to reach the main summit , but did reach a southeastern subsummit . In 1898 , British climber William Martin Conway and two Swiss guides , A Maquignaz and L Pellissier , made the first recorded ascent of
eos In 1898 , British climber William Martin Conway and two Swiss guides , A Maquignaz and L Pellissier , made the first recorded ascent of Illimani , again from the southeast . ( They found a piece of Aimara rope at over 6,000 m ( 20,000 ft ) , so an earlier ascent can not be completely discounted . ) The current standard route on
eos 
eos Imbabura_Volcano is an inactive stratovolcano in northern Ecuador . Although
eos Imbabura_Volcano is an inactive stratovolcano in northern Ecuador . Although Imbabura_Volcano has not erupted for at least 14,000 years ,
eos Imbabura_Volcano is an inactive stratovolcano in northern Ecuador . Although Imbabura_Volcano has not erupted for at least 14,000 years , Imbabura_Volcano is not thought to be entirely extinct .
eos Although Imbabura_Volcano has not erupted for at least 14,000 years , Imbabura_Volcano is not thought to be entirely extinct . Imbabura_Volcano is intermittently capped with snow and Imbabura_Volcano has no permanent glaciers . Covered in volcanic ash , the slopes of
eos Imbabura_Volcano is intermittently capped with snow and Imbabura_Volcano has no permanent glaciers . Covered in volcanic ash , the slopes of Imbabura_Volcano are especially fertile . In addition to cloud forests , which are found across the northern Andes to an altitude of 3000 m , the land around
eos In addition to cloud forests , which are found across the northern Andes to an altitude of 3000 m , the land around Imbabura_Volcano is extensively farmed . Maize , sugarcane , and beans are all staple crops of the region . Cattle are also an important commodity , and much of the land on and around
eos 
eos Imja_Tse , better known as Island Peak , is a mountain in the Himalaya of eastern Nepal .
eos Imja_Tse , better known as Island Peak , is a mountain in the Himalaya of eastern Nepal . Imja_Tse was named Island Peak in 1951 by Eric Shipton 's party since
eos Imja_Tse , better known as Island Peak , is a mountain in the Himalaya of eastern Nepal . Imja_Tse was named Island Peak in 1951 by Eric Shipton 's party since Imja_Tse appears as an island in a sea of ice when viewed from Dingboche .
eos Imja_Tse was named Island Peak in 1951 by Eric Shipton 's party since Imja_Tse appears as an island in a sea of ice when viewed from Dingboche . Imja_Tse was later renamed in 1983 to Imja Tse but Island Peak remains the popular choice .
eos Imja_Tse was later renamed in 1983 to Imja Tse but Island Peak remains the popular choice . Imja_Tse is actually an extension of the ridge coming down off the south end of Lhotse Shar .
eos Imja_Tse was first climbed in 1953 by a British team as a training exercise in preparation for Mount Everest . Tenzing Norgay was one of the members of this first ascent team .
eos Imja_Tse was first climbed in 1953 by a British team as a training exercise in preparation for Mount Everest . Tenzing Norgay was one of the members of this first ascent team . Imja_Tse is one of the most popular trekking peaks as
eos 
eos ( "" Spanish : Volcán Irazú "" ) is an active volcano in Costa Rica , situated in the Cordillera Central close to the city of Cartago .
eos ( "" Spanish : Volcán Irazú "" ) is an active volcano in Costa Rica , situated in the Cordillera Central close to the city of Cartago . Irazu_Volcano name is believed to be a corruption of Iztarú , which was the name of an indigenous village on the flanks of
eos Volcán Irazú "" ) is an active volcano in Costa Rica , situated in the Cordillera Central close to the city of Cartago . Irazu_Volcano name is believed to be a corruption of Iztarú , which was the name of an indigenous village on the flanks of Irazu_Volcano . In Costa Rica
eos Irazu_Volcano name is believed to be a corruption of Iztarú , which was the name of an indigenous village on the flanks of Irazu_Volcano . In Costa Rica Irazu_Volcano is known by the name of ` ` Colossus '' due to the catastrophes that
eos In Costa Rica Irazu_Volcano is known by the name of ` ` Colossus '' due to the catastrophes that Irazu_Volcano has provoked in the past .
eos In Costa Rica Irazu_Volcano is known by the name of ` ` Colossus '' due to the catastrophes that Irazu_Volcano has provoked in the past . Irazu_Volcano has erupted frequently in historical times - at least 23 times since
eos due to the catastrophes that Irazu_Volcano has provoked in the past . Irazu_Volcano has erupted frequently in historical times - at least 23 times since Irazu_Volcano first well - recorded eruption in 1723 .
eos Irazu_Volcano most famous recent eruption began in 1963 and continued until 1965 . It began on the day US President John F Kennedy began a state visit to Costa Rica and showered the capital San José and much of the central highlands of Costa Rica with ash . Since the 1963 - 65 eruption , Irazu_Volcano has been dormant , although frequent earthquake swarms show that magma is still moving about beneath
eos Irazu_Volcano most famous recent eruption began in 1963 and continued until 1965 . It began on the day US President John F Kennedy began a state visit to Costa Rica and showered the capital San José and much of the central highlands of Costa Rica with ash . Since the 1963 - 65 eruption ,
eos It began on the day US President John F Kennedy began a state visit to Costa Rica and showered the capital San José and much of the central highlands of Costa Rica with ash . Since the 1963 - 65 eruption , Irazu_Volcano has been dormant , although frequent earthquake swarms show that magma is still moving about beneath Irazu_Volcano . In 1994 , a small phreatic eruption occurred , caused by heavy rains destabilising part of
eos Since the 1963 - 65 eruption , Irazu_Volcano has been dormant , although frequent earthquake swarms show that magma is still moving about beneath Irazu_Volcano . In 1994 , a small phreatic eruption occurred , caused by heavy rains destabilising part of Irazu_Volcano flank , resulting in rapid decompression of a shallow hydrothermal system .
eos In 1994 , a small phreatic eruption occurred , caused by heavy rains destabilising part of Irazu_Volcano flank , resulting in rapid decompression of a shallow hydrothermal system . Irazu_Volcano summit has several craters , one of which contains Diego de la Haya , a green crater lake of variable depth .
eos Irazu_Volcano summit has several craters , one of which contains Diego de la Haya , a green crater lake of variable depth . Irazu_Volcano is the highest active volcano in Costa Rica .
eos Irazu_Volcano is the highest active volcano in Costa Rica . Irazu_Volcano is easily visited from San José , with a road leading right up to the summit craters and a daily bus service to the top .
eos Irazu_Volcano is thus a popular tourist spot . The volcano summit also spots a few television transmitters for television stations in San José . From the top it is claimed to be possible to see both the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans on a clear day ; however , such clear days are very rare indeed , and it is typical for
eos 
eos ( Tajik : Қуллаи Исмоили Сомонӣ , Qullai Ismoili Somonī , Russian : пик имени Исмаила Самани ) is the highest mountain in Tajikistan and in the former Soviet Union , named after Ismoil Somoni , the ancestor of the Samanid dynasty . When the existence of a peak in the Soviet Pamir Mountains higher than Independence Peak was first established in 1928 ,
eos ( Tajik : Қуллаи Исмоили Сомонӣ , Qullai Ismoili Somonī , Russian : пик имени Исмаила Самани ) is the highest mountain in Tajikistan and in the former Soviet Union , named after Ismoil Somoni , the ancestor of the Samanid dynasty . When the existence of a peak in the Soviet Pamir Mountains higher than Independence Peak was first established in 1928 , Ismoil_Somoni_Peak was tentatively identified with Garmo Peak ; but as the result of the work of further Soviet expeditions , it became clear by 1932 that they were not the same , and in 1933
eos Қуллаи Исмоили Сомонӣ , Qullai Ismoili Somonī , Russian : пик имени Исмаила Самани ) is the highest mountain in Tajikistan and in the former Soviet Union , named after Ismoil Somoni , the ancestor of the Samanid dynasty . When the existence of a peak in the Soviet Pamir Mountains higher than Independence Peak was first established in 1928 , Ismoil_Somoni_Peak was tentatively identified with Garmo Peak ; but as the result of the work of further Soviet expeditions , it became clear by 1932 that they were not the same , and in 1933 Ismoil_Somoni_Peak , from the Akademiya Nauk Range , was named Stalin Peak ( Pik Stalina , пик Ста́лина ) , after Joseph Stalin . In 1962 , the name was changed to Communism Peak ( Tajik : Пики Коммунизм , Russian : Pik Kommunizma , пик Коммуни́зма ) , and in 1998 to
eos In 1962 , the name was changed to Communism Peak ( Tajik : Пики Коммунизм , Russian : Pik Kommunizma , пик Коммуни́зма ) , and in 1998 to Ismoil_Somoni_Peak current name . The first ascent was made in 1933 by the Soviet mountaineer Yevgeniy Abalakov . There are glaciers on
eos 
eos Istor-o-Nal is the third highest mountain in the Hindu Kush , in the Chitral district of the Northwest Frontier Province of Pakistan .
eos Istor-o-Nal is the third highest mountain in the Hindu Kush , in the Chitral district of the Northwest Frontier Province of Pakistan . Istor-o-Nal is the 68th highest independent peak in the world .
eos Istor-o-Nal is the 68th highest independent peak in the world . Istor-o-Nal crowns a massif with eleven peaks of elevation more than 7,000 m ( 22,966 ft ) .
eos Istor-o-Nal crowns a massif with eleven peaks of elevation more than 7,000 m ( 22,966 ft ) . Istor-o-Nal is located a few kilometres northeast of Tirich Mir ( the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush ) , across the Tirich Glacier . Because
eos Istor-o-Nal crowns a massif with eleven peaks of elevation more than 7,000 m ( 22,966 ft ) . Istor-o-Nal is located a few kilometres northeast of Tirich Mir ( the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush ) , across the Tirich Glacier . Because Istor-o-Nal is behind the higher peak of Tirich Mir from many viewpoints ,
eos The word ` ` Istoro Nal '' means horseshoe in the Khowar language ( Istor means ` ` horse '' ) . The origin of the name is unclear .
eos The origin of the name is unclear . Istor-o-Nal was first climbed on june 8 , 1955 by the Americans Major Ken Bankwala , Joseph E Murphy , Jr. , and Thomas A Mutch , on a Princeton Mountaineering Club expedition . They climbed the west ridge , starting from the south side of
eos 
eos Jabal_an_Nabi_Shuayb ( "" Arabic : جبل النبي شعيب "" mountain of the prophet Shu'ayb ) is a mountain located in Sana'a Governorate , Yemen .
eos 
eos Jackson_Peak_Fremont_County_Wyoming is the eighth highest peak in the Wind River Range , Wyoming . The Bull Lake Glacier is located immediately north and east of
eos Jackson_Peak_Fremont_County_Wyoming is the eighth highest peak in the Wind River Range , Wyoming . The Bull Lake Glacier is located immediately north and east of Jackson_Peak_Fremont_County_Wyoming . Situated on the Continental Divide ,
eos 
eos pinyin : Yùlóngxuě Shān ) is a mountain massif ( also identified as a small mountain range ) near Lijiang , in Yunnan province of southwestern China .
eos Jade_Dragon_Snow_Mountain highest peak is named Shanzidou ( 扇子陡 ) ( 5596 metres or 18359 feet ) . The view of the massif from the gardens at the Black Dragon Pool ( Heilong Tan ) in Lijiang is noted as one of China 's finest views . The far side of
eos They climbed snow gullies and limestone headwalls , and encountered high avalanche danger and sparse opportunities for protection . They rated the maximum technical difficulty of the rock at YDS 5.7 . The Jade Water Village is at the foot of
eos 
eos Janga or Jangi - Tau is a summit in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range .
eos Janga or Jangi - Tau is a summit in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range . Janga lies on the border of Svaneti ( Georgia ) and Kabardino - Balkaria ( Russia ) . The elevation of
eos Janga lies on the border of Svaneti ( Georgia ) and Kabardino - Balkaria ( Russia ) . The elevation of Janga is 5051 m above sea level . The slopes of
eos 
eos Javaleon is an extinct volcano near the city of Baza in the Granada province in Spain .
eos Javaleon is an extinct volcano near the city of Baza in the Granada province in Spain . Javaleon reaches a height of 1,494 metres above sea level . At the foot of
eos At the foot of Javaleon are the Banõs de Zujar ( baths of Zujar ) . They maintain a temperature over 30 ° C all year round , and are heated by a geo - thermal source underground .
eos They maintain a temperature over 30 ° C all year round , and are heated by a geo - thermal source underground . Javaleon also has a church situated on top as well as television and other communication towers . Paragliders frequently launch from the top of here as
eos 
eos Jobs_Peak is in Alpine County , California .
eos Jobs_Peak is in Alpine County , California . Jobs_Peak is the most prominent peak off visible from the Carson Valley in Douglas County , Nevada .
eos Jobs_Peak is the most prominent peak off visible from the Carson Valley in Douglas County , Nevada . Jobs_Peak is great for hiking , and backcountry skiing .
eos 
eos K6_mountain , or Baltistan Peak , is a notable peak of the Masherbrum Mountains , a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range . Despite being much lower than the nearby Eight - thousanders and high 7000 m peaks such as Masherbrum ,
eos K6_mountain , or Baltistan Peak , is a notable peak of the Masherbrum Mountains , a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range . Despite being much lower than the nearby Eight - thousanders and high 7000 m peaks such as Masherbrum , K6_mountain has huge , steep faces , and great relief above the nearby valleys , making
eos 
eos Kabru is a mountain in the Himalayas on the border of India and Nepal .
eos This point , which is known as Kabru North , was reached by CR Cooke on 18 november 1935 , without oxygen . It remained the highest solo climb until 1953 . Although it is lower than the 7412 m summit , which Cooke did not ascend , it was considered at the time , and may still be considered , to be
eos To the south west of Kabru south , there is a 6400 m saddle and a 6682 m summit known as Rathong . To its south east is the 6600 m Kabru Dome . In 2004 , a group of Serbian climbers unsuccessfully attempted
eos 
eos Kala_Patthar is a mountain in the Nepalese Himalaya .
eos Kala_Patthar is a mountain in the Nepalese Himalaya . Kala_Patthar appears as a big brown bump below the impressive south face of Pumori ( 7,161 m / 23,494 ft ) . Many trekkers in the region of Mount Everest will attempt to summit
eos Kala_Patthar is a mountain in the Nepalese Himalaya . Kala_Patthar appears as a big brown bump below the impressive south face of Pumori ( 7,161 m / 23,494 ft ) . Many trekkers in the region of Mount Everest will attempt to summit Kala_Patthar , since
eos Kala_Patthar appears as a big brown bump below the impressive south face of Pumori ( 7,161 m / 23,494 ft ) . Many trekkers in the region of Mount Everest will attempt to summit Kala_Patthar , since Kala_Patthar provides the most accessible point to view Mt. Everest from base camp to peak ( due to the structure of Everest , the peak can not be seen from the base camp ) . The views from almost anywhere on
eos Many trekkers in the region of Mount Everest will attempt to summit Kala_Patthar , since Kala_Patthar provides the most accessible point to view Mt. Everest from base camp to peak ( due to the structure of Everest , the peak can not be seen from the base camp ) . The views from almost anywhere on Kala_Patthar of Everest , Lhotse and Nuptse are spectacular . The ascent of
eos The views from almost anywhere on Kala_Patthar of Everest , Lhotse and Nuptse are spectacular . The ascent of Kala_Patthar begins at Gorakshep ( 5,164 m ) , the original base camp for Mt. Everest . After a brief dip to an ancient lake bed ( which now contains a small lake and a helipad ) , the ascent makes its way up a series of steep switchbacks before levelling off somewhat as it traverses to the eastern side of
eos Even accounting for the fact that the summit may have approximately one meter of stones added as a celebratory cairn , this is a significant discrepancy with previously recorded elevations . The same unit was consistent with respect to previously recorded elevations for Gorak Shep and Everest Base Camp . It is possible that since
eos 
eos Kamet is the second highest mountain in the Garhwal region of India , after Nanda Devi , 7,816 m ( 25,643 ft ) .
eos Kamet is the second highest mountain in the Garhwal region of India , after Nanda Devi , 7,816 m ( 25,643 ft ) . Kamet lies in the Chamoli District of Uttarakhand , close to the border with Tibet .
eos Kamet lies in the Chamoli District of Uttarakhand , close to the border with Tibet . Kamet is the third highest mountain in India ( according to India however , the rank is much lower as it includes in its list of mountains all those in Pakistan occupied Kashmir ) , and the 29th highest in the world .
eos Kamet is the third highest mountain in India ( according to India however , the rank is much lower as it includes in its list of mountains all those in Pakistan occupied Kashmir ) , and the 29th highest in the world . Kamet is most properly considered part of ( and the highest summit in ) the Zaskar ( or Zanskar ) Range , which lies north of the main chain of the Himalaya , between the Suru River and the upper Karnali River . In appearance
eos 
eos Kangchenjunga ( Nepali : कञ्चनजङ्घा ) SewaLungma ( Limbu language ) is the third highest mountain in the world ( after Mount Everest and K2 ) with an altitude of 8,586 metres ( 28,169 feet ) .
eos ( Nepali : कञ्चनजङ्घा ) SewaLungma ( Limbu language ) is the third highest mountain in the world ( after Mount Everest and K2 ) with an altitude of 8,586 metres ( 28,169 feet ) . Kangchenjunga is generally regarded as the highest mountain in India and the second highest peak in Nepal . Kangchenjunga translated means ` ` The Five Treasures of Snows '' , as
eos Kangchenjunga translated means ` ` The Five Treasures of Snows '' , as Kangchenjunga contains five peaks , four of them over 8,450 metres . The treasures represent the five repositories of god , which are gold , silver , gems , grain , and holy books .
eos Three of these five peaks ( main , central , and south ) are on the border of North Sikkim district of Sikkim , India and Taplejung District of Nepal , while the other two are completely in Taplejung District . Nepal is home to the Kangchenjunga Conservation Area Project run by the World Wildlife Fund , in association with the Nepal Mountaineering Association and HMG in Nepal , the sanctuary is also home to the Red Panda and other snow animals , birds and plants . India 's side of
eos Following consultations with a Lieutenant - Colonel JLR . Weir ( HMG political agent to Sikkim ) , he agreed that it was best to leave it as Kangchenjunga , and thus the name remained so by acceptance and usage . Until 1852 ,
eos Following consultations with a Lieutenant - Colonel JLR . Weir ( HMG political agent to Sikkim ) , he agreed that it was best to leave it as Kangchenjunga , and thus the name remained so by acceptance and usage . Until 1852 , Kangchenjunga was assumed to be the highest mountain in the world , but calculations made by the British Great Trigonometric Survey in 1849 came to the conclusion that Mount Everest was the highest and
eos Weir ( HMG political agent to Sikkim ) , he agreed that it was best to leave it as Kangchenjunga , and thus the name remained so by acceptance and usage . Until 1852 , Kangchenjunga was assumed to be the highest mountain in the world , but calculations made by the British Great Trigonometric Survey in 1849 came to the conclusion that Mount Everest was the highest and Kangchenjunga the third - highest .
eos The British expedition honoured the beliefs of the Sikkimese , who hold the summit sacred , by stopping a few feet short of the actual summit . Most successful summit parties since then have followed this tradition . The five peaks of
eos Most successful summit parties since then have followed this tradition . The five peaks of Kangchenjunga are as follows : The huge massif of
eos 075 ft ) , Kabru South ( 7,316 m/24 , 002 ft ) and Rathong peaks ( 6,678 m/21 , 910 ft ) . The north ridge , after passing through the minor subpeak Kangchenjunga North ( 7741 m/25 , 397 ft ) , contains The Twins and Tent Peak , and runs up to the Tibetan border by the Jongsong La , a 6,120 m ( 20,080 ft ) pass .
eos 075 ft ) , Kabru South ( 7,316 m/24 , 002 ft ) and Rathong peaks ( 6,678 m/21 , 910 ft ) . The north ridge , after passing through the minor subpeak Kangchenjunga North ( 7741 m/25 , 397 ft ) , contains The Twins and Tent Peak , and runs up to the Tibetan border by the Jongsong La , a 6,120 m ( 20,080 ft ) pass . Kangchenjunga is known for
eos The north ridge , after passing through the minor subpeak Kangchenjunga North ( 7741 m/25 , 397 ft ) , contains The Twins and Tent Peak , and runs up to the Tibetan border by the Jongsong La , a 6,120 m ( 20,080 ft ) pass . Kangchenjunga is known for Kangchenjunga famous views from the hill station of Darjeeling . On a clear day ,
eos Kangchenjunga is known for Kangchenjunga famous views from the hill station of Darjeeling . On a clear day , Kangchenjunga presents an image not as much of a mountain but of a white wall hanging from the sky . The people of Sikkim revere
eos On a clear day , Kangchenjunga presents an image not as much of a mountain but of a white wall hanging from the sky . The people of Sikkim revere Kangchenjunga as a sacred mountain . Permission to climb
eos In Sikkim too , trekking into the Kangchenjunga region has just been permitted . The Goecha La trek is gaining popularity amongst tourists . It goes to the Goecha La Pass which is located right in front of the huge southeast face of
eos It goes to the Goecha La Pass which is located right in front of the huge southeast face of Kangchenjunga . Another trek to Green Lake Basin has recently been opened for trekking . This goes to the Northeast side of
eos Another trek to Green Lake Basin has recently been opened for trekking . This goes to the Northeast side of Kangchenjunga along the famous Zemu glacier . The Kangchenjunga Conservation Area ( KCA ) covers 2,035 km ² surrounding
eos 
eos Kawa_Karpo ( 6,740 m ) is a sacred mountain found in Yunnan , China .
eos Kawa_Karpo ( 6,740 m ) is a sacred mountain found in Yunnan , China . Kawa_Karpo is sacred to most Chinese buddhist people .
eos Kawa_Karpo is sacred to most Chinese buddhist people . Kawa_Karpo is the highest mountain in Yunnan .
eos Kawa_Karpo is the highest mountain in Yunnan . Kawa_Karpo is unclimbed , and Kawa_Karpo is known as a meditation site .
eos 
eos Keele_Peak , in Canada 's Yukon Territory , is the tallest peak in the Mackenzie Mountains at 2,972 metres ( 9,751 ft ) .
eos Keele_Peak , in Canada 's Yukon Territory , is the tallest peak in the Mackenzie Mountains at 2,972 metres ( 9,751 ft ) . Keele_Peak is located about 25 km from the Canol Road not far from the Northwest Territories border .
eos 
eos Khan_Tengri ( Uighur , translated as ` ` Lord of the spirits '' , or ` ` Lord of the sky '' ; or Turkic translated as ` ` Ruler of Skies '' , ` ` Ruler Tengri '' ) is a mountain of the Tian Shan mountain range .
eos ( Uighur , translated as ` ` Lord of the spirits '' , or ` ` Lord of the sky '' ; or Turkic translated as ` ` Ruler of Skies '' , ` ` Ruler Tengri '' ) is a mountain of the Tian Shan mountain range . Khan_Tengri is located on the Kyrgyzstan - Kazakhstan border , east of lake Issyk Kul .
eos ( Uighur , translated as ` ` Lord of the spirits '' , or ` ` Lord of the sky '' ; or Turkic translated as ` ` Ruler of Skies '' , ` ` Ruler Tengri '' ) is a mountain of the Tian Shan mountain range . Khan_Tengri is located on the Kyrgyzstan - Kazakhstan border , east of lake Issyk Kul . Khan_Tengri geologic elevation is 6995 m but
eos Khan_Tengri is located on the Kyrgyzstan - Kazakhstan border , east of lake Issyk Kul . Khan_Tengri geologic elevation is 6995 m but Khan_Tengri glacial cap rises to 7010 m. For this reason , in mountaineering circles , including for the Soviet Snow Leopard award criteria ,
eos Khan_Tengri geologic elevation is 6995 m but Khan_Tengri glacial cap rises to 7010 m. For this reason , in mountaineering circles , including for the Soviet Snow Leopard award criteria , Khan_Tengri is considered a 7000-metre peak .
eos For this reason , in mountaineering circles , including for the Soviet Snow Leopard award criteria , Khan_Tengri is considered a 7000-metre peak . Khan_Tengri is also known as : Khan Tangiri Shyngy , Kan - Too Chokusu , Pik Khan - Tengry , Hantengri Feng .
eos Khan_Tengri is also known as : Khan Tangiri Shyngy , Kan - Too Chokusu , Pik Khan - Tengry , Hantengri Feng . Khan_Tengri is the second - highest mountain in the Tian Shan , surpassed only by Jengish Chokusu ( 7439 m ) a few miles to the south .
eos 
eos Khunyang_Chhish or Kunyang Chhish is the second - highest mountain in the Hispar Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram mountains of Pakistan . Alternate variations of the name include Kunyang Kish and Khiangyang Kish , among others .
eos Alternate variations of the name include Kunyang Kish and Khiangyang Kish , among others . Khunyang_Chhish height is also sometimes given as 7823 m .
eos 
eos Kilauea ( "" IPA : kiːlauea "" ) is an active volcano in the Hawaiian Islands , one of five shield volcanoes that together form the Island of Hawaii . In Hawaiian , the word kīlauea means ` ` spewing '' or ` ` much spreading '' , in reference to
eos ( "" IPA : kiːlauea "" ) is an active volcano in the Hawaiian Islands , one of five shield volcanoes that together form the Island of Hawaii . In Hawaiian , the word kīlauea means ` ` spewing '' or ` ` much spreading '' , in reference to Kilauea frequent outpouring of lava .
eos In Hawaiian , the word kīlauea means ` ` spewing '' or ` ` much spreading '' , in reference to Kilauea frequent outpouring of lava . Kilauea is currently the most active volcano and one of the most visited active volcanoes on Earth .
eos 
eos King_Peak_Yukon ( sometimes called Mount King ) is the fourth highest mountain in Canada and the ninth highest peak in North America . Situated just west of Mount Logan ( highest in Canada ) ,
eos 
eos Kings_Peak_Utah is the highest peak in the US state of Utah .
eos Kings_Peak_Utah is the highest peak in the US state of Utah . Kings_Peak_Utah lies just south of the spine of the central Uinta Mountains , in the Ashley National Forest in northeastern Utah , in north - central Duchesne County .
eos Kings_Peak_Utah lies just south of the spine of the central Uinta Mountains , in the Ashley National Forest in northeastern Utah , in north - central Duchesne County . Kings_Peak_Utah is also located in the High Uintas Wilderness .
eos Kings_Peak_Utah is approximately due east of central Salt Lake City , and due north of the town of Duchesne . There are three popular routes to the mountain top ; a scramble up the east slope , a hike up the northern ridge , and a long but relatively easy hike up the southern slope .
eos 
eos Kinnerly_Peak is a mountain of the Livingston Range , in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States .
eos Kinnerly_Peak is located approximately 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) north of Kintla Peak , the highest peak in the Livingston Range , and 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south of the Canadian border . Both peaks are located in the remote northwest corner of the park .
eos Kinnerly_Peak is located approximately 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) north of Kintla Peak , the highest peak in the Livingston Range , and 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south of the Canadian border . Both peaks are located in the remote northwest corner of the park . Kinnerly_Peak is notable for
eos From the lake to the summit is an elevation gain of 5,573 ft ( 1,699 m ) in approximately 1 horizontal mile ( 5,280 ft/1 .6 km ) . ( This elevation gain over one horizontal mile is almost unmatched in the contiguous United States . ) The first recorded ascent of
eos 
eos Kintla_Peak is located in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States and Kintla_Peak is the tallest mountain in the Livingston Range .
eos Kintla_Peak is located in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States and Kintla_Peak is the tallest mountain in the Livingston Range . Kintla_Peak is in the remote northwest corner of the park and Kintla_Peak requires a hike of almost 15 miles ( 24 km ) from the nearest road just to reach the base of
eos Kintla_Peak is located in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States and Kintla_Peak is the tallest mountain in the Livingston Range . Kintla_Peak is in the remote northwest corner of the park and Kintla_Peak requires a hike of almost 15 miles ( 24 km ) from the nearest road just to reach the base of Kintla_Peak .
eos Kintla_Peak is located in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States and Kintla_Peak is the tallest mountain in the Livingston Range . Kintla_Peak is in the remote northwest corner of the park and Kintla_Peak requires a hike of almost 15 miles ( 24 km ) from the nearest road just to reach the base of Kintla_Peak . Kintla_Peak is notable for
eos Kintla_Peak is in the remote northwest corner of the park and Kintla_Peak requires a hike of almost 15 miles ( 24 km ) from the nearest road just to reach the base of Kintla_Peak . Kintla_Peak is notable for Kintla_Peak large rise above local terrain ; nearby Upper Kintla Lake is only 4,370 ft ( 1,332 m ) in elevation . (
eos Kintla_Peak is notable for Kintla_Peak large rise above local terrain ; nearby Upper Kintla Lake is only 4,370 ft ( 1,332 m ) in elevation . ( Kintla_Peak northern neighbor Kinnerly Peak has an even more dramatic drop to Upper Kintla Lake . ) This helps make
eos 
eos 
eos Klyuchevskaya_Sopka ( "" Russian : Ключевская сопка "" ) is the highest mountain on the Kamchatka Peninsula of Russia .
eos Klyuchevskaya_Sopka ( "" Russian : Ключевская сопка "" ) is the highest mountain on the Kamchatka Peninsula of Russia . Klyuchevskaya_Sopka steep , symmetrical cone towers are a mere 100 km ( 60 miles ) from the Bering Sea .
eos Klyuchevskaya_Sopka steep , symmetrical cone towers are a mere 100 km ( 60 miles ) from the Bering Sea . Klyuchevskaya_Sopka is part of the natural UNESCO World Heritage Site Volcanoes of Kamchatka .
eos Klyuchevskaya_Sopka steep , symmetrical cone towers are a mere 100 km ( 60 miles ) from the Bering Sea . Klyuchevskaya_Sopka is part of the natural UNESCO World Heritage Site Volcanoes of Kamchatka . Klyuchevskaya_Sopka first recorded eruption occurred in 1697 , and
eos Klyuchevskaya_Sopka steep , symmetrical cone towers are a mere 100 km ( 60 miles ) from the Bering Sea . Klyuchevskaya_Sopka is part of the natural UNESCO World Heritage Site Volcanoes of Kamchatka . Klyuchevskaya_Sopka first recorded eruption occurred in 1697 , and Klyuchevskaya_Sopka has been almost continuously active ever since , as have many of
eos No other ascents were then recorded until 1931 , when several climbers were killed by flying lava on the descent . As similar dangers still exist today , few ascents are made .
eos As similar dangers still exist today , few ascents are made . Klyuchevskaya_Sopka is considered sacred by some indigenous peoples , being viewed by them as the location at which the world was created . Other volcanoes in the region are seen with similar spiritual significance , but
eos Klyuchevskaya_Sopka is considered sacred by some indigenous peoples , being viewed by them as the location at which the world was created . Other volcanoes in the region are seen with similar spiritual significance , but Klyuchevskaya_Sopka is the most sacred of these . It is said that when the god Volkov created the world , Klyuchevskaya_Sopka was the point at which he held it , and so
eos Klyuchevskaya_Sopka is considered sacred by some indigenous peoples , being viewed by them as the location at which the world was created . Other volcanoes in the region are seen with similar spiritual significance , but Klyuchevskaya_Sopka is the most sacred of these . It is said that when the god Volkov created the world ,
eos 
eos Kongur_Tagh ( Chinese : "" "" ; pinyin : Gōnggé ` ěr Shān ) ( also referred to as Kongur ) is the highest peak of the Kunlun Mountains in China .
eos ( Chinese : "" "" ; pinyin : Gōnggé ` ěr Shān ) ( also referred to as Kongur ) is the highest peak of the Kunlun Mountains in China . Kongur_Tagh is situated in a small subrange , known as the Kongur Shan , which forms the western end of the Kunlun . ( Some sources use ` ` Kongur Shan '' mistakenly to refer to
eos Kongur_Tagh is situated in a small subrange , known as the Kongur Shan , which forms the western end of the Kunlun . ( Some sources use ` ` Kongur Shan '' mistakenly to refer to Kongur_Tagh itself . )
eos ( Some sources use ` ` Kongur Shan '' mistakenly to refer to Kongur_Tagh itself . ) Kongur_Tagh is just north of Muztagh Ata and close to Karakul Lake and the Pamir Mountains . Due to
eos ( Some sources use ` ` Kongur Shan '' mistakenly to refer to Kongur_Tagh itself . ) Kongur_Tagh is just north of Muztagh Ata and close to Karakul Lake and the Pamir Mountains . Due to Kongur_Tagh remoteness and being hidden by nearby peaks ,
eos Kongur_Tagh is just north of Muztagh Ata and close to Karakul Lake and the Pamir Mountains . Due to Kongur_Tagh remoteness and being hidden by nearby peaks , Kongur_Tagh was not discovered by Europeans until 1900 . However , the building of the Karakorum Highway from Pakistan to China , which runs past nearby Tashkurgan and Karakul Lake , has now made
eos Due to Kongur_Tagh remoteness and being hidden by nearby peaks , Kongur_Tagh was not discovered by Europeans until 1900 . However , the building of the Karakorum Highway from Pakistan to China , which runs past nearby Tashkurgan and Karakul Lake , has now made Kongur_Tagh more accessible . The first attempt to climb
eos However , the building of the Karakorum Highway from Pakistan to China , which runs past nearby Tashkurgan and Karakul Lake , has now made Kongur_Tagh more accessible . The first attempt to climb Kongur_Tagh was made in 1956 but the party aborted the attempt when it realized it was beyond their abilities . The first ascent of
eos The first attempt to climb Kongur_Tagh was made in 1956 but the party aborted the attempt when it realized it was beyond their abilities . The first ascent of Kongur_Tagh was completed in 1981 by a British expedition consisting of Chris Bonington , Al Rouse , Peter Boardman and Joe Tasker .
eos 
eos Kopaonik ( Serbian : Копаоник ) , is one of the biggest mountains of Serbia .
eos ( Serbian : Копаоник ) , is one of the biggest mountains of Serbia . Kopaonik is located in the southern part of Central Serbia .
eos 
eos ( "" Russian : Коря & amp;#769 ; кская со & amp;#769 ; пка "" ) is a volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in the far east of Russia .
eos Коря & amp;#769 ; кская со & amp;#769 ; пка "" ) is a volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in the far east of Russia . Koryaksky lies within sight of Kamchatka Krai 's administrative center , Petropavlovsk - Kamchatsky . Together with neighbouring Avachinsky ,
eos Коря & amp;#769 ; кская со & amp;#769 ; пка "" ) is a volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in the far east of Russia . Koryaksky lies within sight of Kamchatka Krai 's administrative center , Petropavlovsk - Kamchatsky . Together with neighbouring Avachinsky , Koryaksky has been designated a Decade Volcano , worthy of particular study in light of
eos 
eos 
eos Kuh-e_Bandaka ( or Kohe Bandaka , Bandako , or incorrectly Koh - i - Bandakor ) is one of the highest peaks of the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan .
eos Kuh-e_Bandaka ( or Kohe Bandaka , Bandako , or incorrectly Koh - i - Bandakor ) is one of the highest peaks of the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan . Kuh-e_Bandaka is northeast of Kabul and west of Chitral . Separated by a relatively low pass from the core of the Hindu Kush ,
eos Kuh-e_Bandaka is northeast of Kabul and west of Chitral . Separated by a relatively low pass from the core of the Hindu Kush , Kuh-e_Bandaka is the highest mountain entirely within Afghanistan , and the most topographically prominent peak in all of Afghanistan . On september 22 , 1960 , the second German expedition to visit the Hindu Kush made the first ascent of
eos 
eos Kula_Kangri is claimed by many authorities to be the highest mountain in Bhutan but this is disputed by others , who claim that
eos Kula_Kangri is claimed by many authorities to be the highest mountain in Bhutan but this is disputed by others , who claim that Kula_Kangri is wholly in Tibet . The first ascent was in 1937 by Chapman and Dawa Lama .
eos The first ascent was in 1937 by Chapman and Dawa Lama . Kula_Kangri occupies two ranges , the Himalaya and the Bhutan Himalaya . Chinese and Japanese authorities claim nearby Gangkhar Puensum is higher , and the claim that
eos 
eos La_Plata_Peak is a fourteener and the fifth highest mountain in the US state of Colorado .
eos La_Plata_Peak is a fourteener and the fifth highest mountain in the US state of Colorado . La_Plata_Peak is located in the Sawatch Range in northwestern Chaffee County , approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) southwest of Leadville , Colorado , just south of Twin Lakes and Colorado State Highway 82 on the east side of Independence Pass .
eos La_Plata_Peak is located in the Sawatch Range in northwestern Chaffee County , approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) southwest of Leadville , Colorado , just south of Twin Lakes and Colorado State Highway 82 on the east side of Independence Pass . La_Plata_Peak is located completely within the San Isabel National Forest and La_Plata_Peak is part of the Collegiate Peaks Wilderness .
eos This comes from the many silver deposits in the area . The nearby ghost towns of Winfield and Hamilton were prominent silver mining towns in the early part of the 20th Century . A Hayden Survey team first climbed
eos 
eos Labuche_Kang ( or Lapche Kang , Lobuche Kang I , Choksiam ) is a high peak of the Himalayas in Nepal / Tibet , on the main chain on the watershed separating the Sub - Continent of India from Tibet .
eos I , Choksiam ) is a high peak of the Himalayas in Nepal / Tibet , on the main chain on the watershed separating the Sub - Continent of India from Tibet . Labuche_Kang lies in a little - known region known as the Labuche Himal .
eos 
eos Laila_Peak_Haramosh_Valley in the Haramosh Valley , ( near Chogurunma Glacier ) is 6,985 m high .
eos 
eos Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley in Hushe valley near Gondogoro glacier is in Karakoram range and Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley is 6,096 m high .
eos Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley in Hushe valley near Gondogoro glacier is in Karakoram range and Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley is 6,096 m high . Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley distinctive spear - like shape makes
eos Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley in Hushe valley near Gondogoro glacier is in Karakoram range and Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley is 6,096 m high . Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley distinctive spear - like shape makes Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley one of the most beautiful mountains of the world .
eos Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley distinctive spear - like shape makes Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley one of the most beautiful mountains of the world . Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley North West face has a slope of 45 degrees in more than 1500 vertical meters .
eos Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley distinctive spear - like shape makes Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley one of the most beautiful mountains of the world . Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley North West face has a slope of 45 degrees in more than 1500 vertical meters . Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley has been climbed at least once but no record of
eos Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley North West face has a slope of 45 degrees in more than 1500 vertical meters . Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley has been climbed at least once but no record of Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley ascents has been maintained . According to the local people in Hushe ,
eos Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley has been climbed at least once but no record of Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley ascents has been maintained . According to the local people in Hushe , Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley has been climbed only twice , a total of only seven people have summited . The height of
eos The height of Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley in Hushe valley has been controversial . Some believe it to be 6200 m whereas some mention it as 6614 m . In a Japanese mountaineering map by Tsuneo Miyamori ( published in 2003 ) , the height of
eos 
eos Laila_Peak_Rupal_Valley in the Rupal Valley is 5,971 m high . In
eos Laila_Peak_Rupal_Valley in the Rupal Valley is 5,971 m high . In Laila_Peak_Rupal_Valley north is the Rupal Glacier and in
eos 
eos Lalveri is a peak of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in the Svaneti region of Georgia . The elevation of
eos Lalveri is a peak of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in the Svaneti region of Georgia . The elevation of Lalveri is 4,350 meters ( 14,268 ft . ) above sea level . The most accessible climbing route to the summit of
eos 
eos 
eos Lanin is an ice - clad and cone - shaped stratovolcano on the border of Argentina and Chile .
eos Lanin is an ice - clad and cone - shaped stratovolcano on the border of Argentina and Chile . Lanin forms a part of two national parks : Lanín in Argentina and Villarrica in Chile . The ascent to
eos The ascent to Lanin is relatively simple , however many deaths have been occurred due to lack of responsibility and caution of the climbers . The ascent is regulated by the management of Argentinian National Parks and the Argentine National Gendarmerie .
eos Lanin is the symbol of the province of Neuquen , being part of the flag and Neuquen 's anthem . The nearest town it is Junin de los Andes , a touristic center . The access to
eos 
eos Lascar_Volcano is the most active volcano of the northern Chilean Andes .
eos Lascar_Volcano lies east of the Salar de Atacama and immediately west of Aguas Calientes volcano . Other volcanoes in the area include the Acamarachi and Chiliques , all of which form a spectacular backdrop for Laguna Lejía .
eos Other volcanoes in the area include the Acamarachi and Chiliques , all of which form a spectacular backdrop for Laguna Lejía . Lascar_Volcano contains six overlapping summit craters . Prominent lava flows descend
eos Lascar_Volcano contains six overlapping summit craters . Prominent lava flows descend Lascar_Volcano NW flanks . The largest eruption of
eos Prominent lava flows descend Lascar_Volcano NW flanks . The largest eruption of Lascar_Volcano took place about 26,500 years ago , and following the eruption of the Tumbres scoria flow about 9000 years ago , activity shifted back to the eastern edifice , where three overlapping craters were formed . Frequent small - to - moderate explosive eruptions have been recorded from
eos Prominent lava flows descend Lascar_Volcano NW flanks . The largest eruption of Lascar_Volcano took place about 26,500 years ago , and following the eruption of the Tumbres scoria flow about 9000 years ago , activity shifted back to the eastern edifice , where three overlapping craters were formed . Frequent small - to - moderate explosive eruptions have been recorded from Lascar_Volcano in historical time since the mid-19th century , along with periodic larger eruptions that produced ashfall hundreds of kilometers away from
eos The largest eruption of Lascar_Volcano took place about 26,500 years ago , and following the eruption of the Tumbres scoria flow about 9000 years ago , activity shifted back to the eastern edifice , where three overlapping craters were formed . Frequent small - to - moderate explosive eruptions have been recorded from Lascar_Volcano in historical time since the mid-19th century , along with periodic larger eruptions that produced ashfall hundreds of kilometers away from Lascar_Volcano . The largest historical eruption of
eos 
eos Lassen_Peak ( also known as Mount Lassen ) is the southernmost active volcano in the Cascade Range .
eos Lassen_Peak ( also known as Mount Lassen ) is the southernmost active volcano in the Cascade Range . Lassen_Peak is part of the Cascade Volcanic Arc which is an arc that stretches from northern California to southwestern British Columbia . Located in the Shasta Cascade region of Northern California ,
eos Lassen_Peak ( also known as Mount Lassen ) is the southernmost active volcano in the Cascade Range . Lassen_Peak is part of the Cascade Volcanic Arc which is an arc that stretches from northern California to southwestern British Columbia . Located in the Shasta Cascade region of Northern California , Lassen_Peak rises 2,000 feet ( 610 m ) above the surrounding terrain and Lassen_Peak has a volume of half a cubic mile , making
eos Lassen_Peak is part of the Cascade Volcanic Arc which is an arc that stretches from northern California to southwestern British Columbia . Located in the Shasta Cascade region of Northern California , Lassen_Peak rises 2,000 feet ( 610 m ) above the surrounding terrain and Lassen_Peak has a volume of half a cubic mile , making Lassen_Peak one of the largest lava domes on Earth .
eos Lassen_Peak is part of the Cascade Volcanic Arc which is an arc that stretches from northern California to southwestern British Columbia . Located in the Shasta Cascade region of Northern California , Lassen_Peak rises 2,000 feet ( 610 m ) above the surrounding terrain and Lassen_Peak has a volume of half a cubic mile , making Lassen_Peak one of the largest lava domes on Earth . Lassen_Peak was created on the destroyed northeastern flank of now gone Mount Tehama , a stratovolcano that was at least a thousand feet ( 300 m ) higher than
eos Located in the Shasta Cascade region of Northern California , Lassen_Peak rises 2,000 feet ( 610 m ) above the surrounding terrain and Lassen_Peak has a volume of half a cubic mile , making Lassen_Peak one of the largest lava domes on Earth . Lassen_Peak was created on the destroyed northeastern flank of now gone Mount Tehama , a stratovolcano that was at least a thousand feet ( 300 m ) higher than Lassen_Peak .
eos Lassen_Peak was created on the destroyed northeastern flank of now gone Mount Tehama , a stratovolcano that was at least a thousand feet ( 300 m ) higher than Lassen_Peak . Lassen_Peak has the distinction of being the only other volcano in the Cascades besides Mount St. Helens to have erupted during the 20th century . On May 22 , 1915 , an explosive eruption at
eos This explosion was the most powerful in a 1914 - 17 series of eruptions that were the last to occur in the Cascades before the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens in Washington . Lassen Volcanic National Park was created in Shasta County , California to preserve the devastated area and nearby volcanic wonders . Unlike most lava domes ,
eos Lassen Volcanic National Park was created in Shasta County , California to preserve the devastated area and nearby volcanic wonders . Unlike most lava domes , Lassen_Peak is topped by craters . In fact , a series of these craters exist around
eos Unlike most lava domes , Lassen_Peak is topped by craters . In fact , a series of these craters exist around Lassen_Peak summit , although two of these are now covered by solidified lava and sulfur deposits .
eos 
eos Latsga is a peak of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in the Svaneti region of Georgia . The elevation of
eos Latsga is a peak of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in the Svaneti region of Georgia . The elevation of Latsga is 4,019 meters ( 13,182 ft . ) above sea level .
eos Latsga is a peak of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in the Svaneti region of Georgia . The elevation of Latsga is 4,019 meters ( 13,182 ft . ) above sea level . Latsga main glacier , Lekhzir , covers
eos 
eos 
eos Lembert_Dome is a granite dome in Yosemite National Park , California , USA .
eos Lembert_Dome is a granite dome in Yosemite National Park , California , USA . Lembert_Dome soars 800 feet ( 240 m ) above Tuolumne Meadows and the Tuolumne River and Lembert_Dome can be hiked starting at the Tioga Road in the heart of Tuolumne Meadows , 8 miles west of the Tioga Pass Entrance to Yosemite National Park .
eos 
eos Lenin_Peak , known as Mount Kaufmann until 1928 , is the highest mountain in the Trans - Alay Range of Central Asia and the second highest peak in the Pamir Mountains , exceeded only by Ismail Samani Peak ( 7,495 m ) .
eos Lenin_Peak , known as Mount Kaufmann until 1928 , is the highest mountain in the Trans - Alay Range of Central Asia and the second highest peak in the Pamir Mountains , exceeded only by Ismail Samani Peak ( 7,495 m ) . Lenin_Peak stands on the border of Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan ;
eos Lenin_Peak , known as Mount Kaufmann until 1928 , is the highest mountain in the Trans - Alay Range of Central Asia and the second highest peak in the Pamir Mountains , exceeded only by Ismail Samani Peak ( 7,495 m ) . Lenin_Peak stands on the border of Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan ; Lenin_Peak is the second - highest point of both countries .
eos Lenin_Peak stands on the border of Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan ; Lenin_Peak is the second - highest point of both countries . Lenin_Peak is also sometimes referred to as ` ` Achiktash '' .
eos 
eos Lenzspitze ( 4,294 m ) is a mountain located in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland .
eos Lenzspitze ( 4,294 m ) is a mountain located in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . Lenzspitze is the furthest peak south on the Nadelgrat , a high - level ridge running roughly north - south above the resort of Saas Fee to the east , and the Mattertal to the west .
eos The east - north - east ridge starts at the Mischabel Hut . This ridge was first climbed on 3 august 1882 by William Woodman Goodman with guides Ambros Supersaxo and Theodor Andenmatten .
eos 
eos Les_Droites ( 4,000 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in the French Alps .
eos Les_Droites ( 4,000 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in the French Alps . Les_Droites has two summits : * West summit ( 3,984 m ) , first ascent by W A. B Coolidge , Christian Almer Sr and Christian Almer Jr on 16 july 1876 * East summit ( 4,000 m ) , first ascent by Thomas Middlemore and John Oakley Maund with guides Henri Cordier , Johann Jaun and Andreas Maurer on 7 august 1876 The north face of
eos 
eos Luòzǐ Fēng ) is the fourth highest mountain on Earth and Lhotse is connected to Mount Everest via the South Col . In addition to the main summit at 8,516 metres above sea level , Lhotse Middle ( East ) is 8,414 metres and Lhotse Shar is 8,383 metres .
eos 
eos Licancabur is a highly symmetrical stratovolcano on the southernmost part of the border between Chile and Bolivia .
eos The summit crater is about 400 m wide and contains a 70 by 90 m crater lake which is ice - covered most of the year . This is one of the highest lakes in the world , and despite air temperatures which can drop to -30 ° C , it contains planktonic fauna .
eos Licancabur most recent volcanic activity produced extensive lava flows which extend 6 km down the northwest and southwest flanks , with older lava flows reaching 15 km and pyroclastic flow deposits as far as 12 km from the peak . Extensive Inca ruins are located at the summit , providing proof of pre - Columbian ascents as well as evidence for a lack of major eruptions over the past 500 - 1,000 years .
eos Licancabur most recent volcanic activity produced extensive lava flows which extend 6 km down the northwest and southwest flanks , with older lava flows reaching 15 km and pyroclastic flow deposits as far as 12 km from the peak . Extensive Inca ruins are located at the summit , providing proof of pre - Columbian ascents as well as evidence for a lack of major eruptions over the past 500 - 1,000 years . Licancabur is a Cunza word that the indigenous people of this area used to refer to themselves as well as to
eos 
eos 
eos Little_Alberta is a mountain located east of Habel Creek in the Canadian Rockies of Jasper National Park .
eos Little_Alberta is a mountain located east of Habel Creek in the Canadian Rockies of Jasper National Park . Little_Alberta was named in 1984 after nearby Mount Alberta ( 3,619 m ( 11,873 ft ) ) . The ACC operates the Lloyd MacKay Hut on a rocky shoulder of
eos 
eos Little_Bear_Peak , or simply Little Bear , is one of the fourteeners of the US state of Colorado .
eos Little_Bear_Peak , or simply Little Bear , is one of the fourteeners of the US state of Colorado . Little_Bear_Peak lies at the southern end of the Sangre de Cristo Range , which is the northern section of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains .
eos Little_Bear_Peak lies at the southern end of the Sangre de Cristo Range , which is the northern section of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains . Little_Bear_Peak is just southwest of Blanca Peak , one of the highest and most topographically prominent of the Colorado fourteeners . While
eos Little_Bear_Peak lies at the southern end of the Sangre de Cristo Range , which is the northern section of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains . Little_Bear_Peak is just southwest of Blanca Peak , one of the highest and most topographically prominent of the Colorado fourteeners . While Little_Bear_Peak has little more than the minimum 300 feet of prominence to qualify as a separate peak ,
eos Little_Bear_Peak lies at the southern end of the Sangre de Cristo Range , which is the northern section of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains . Little_Bear_Peak is just southwest of Blanca Peak , one of the highest and most topographically prominent of the Colorado fourteeners . While Little_Bear_Peak has little more than the minimum 300 feet of prominence to qualify as a separate peak , Little_Bear_Peak is notable for being one of the most technically difficult and dangerous of the fourteeners to climb ;
eos While Little_Bear_Peak has little more than the minimum 300 feet of prominence to qualify as a separate peak , Little_Bear_Peak is notable for being one of the most technically difficult and dangerous of the fourteeners to climb ; Little_Bear_Peak standard route is known for being exposed to rockfall . The connecting ridge to Blanca Peak is one of the most challenging outings of its type in the state .
eos 
eos Llullaillaco is a stratovolcano at the border of Argentina ( Salta Province ) and Chile .
eos Llullaillaco is a stratovolcano at the border of Argentina ( Salta Province ) and Chile . Llullaillaco lies in the Puna de Atacama , a region of very high volcanic peaks on a high plateau within the Atacama Desert , one of the driest places in the world .
eos Llullaillaco lies in the Puna de Atacama , a region of very high volcanic peaks on a high plateau within the Atacama Desert , one of the driest places in the world . Llullaillaco is the second highest active volcano in the world , surpassed only by Ojos del Salado .
eos Llullaillaco lies in the Puna de Atacama , a region of very high volcanic peaks on a high plateau within the Atacama Desert , one of the driest places in the world . Llullaillaco is the second highest active volcano in the world , surpassed only by Ojos del Salado . Llullaillaco is the fifth highest volcano in the world , and
eos Llullaillaco is the second highest active volcano in the world , surpassed only by Ojos del Salado . Llullaillaco is the fifth highest volcano in the world , and Llullaillaco is also the seventh highest mountain of the Western Hemisphere .
eos Llullaillaco is the second highest active volcano in the world , surpassed only by Ojos del Salado . Llullaillaco is the fifth highest volcano in the world , and Llullaillaco is also the seventh highest mountain of the Western Hemisphere . Llullaillaco follows the typical Puna de Atacama volcano pattern :
eos Llullaillaco is the fifth highest volcano in the world , and Llullaillaco is also the seventh highest mountain of the Western Hemisphere . Llullaillaco follows the typical Puna de Atacama volcano pattern : Llullaillaco is surrounded by large debris fields , and Llullaillaco is perpetually capped by snow and small glaciers despite the extremely dry conditions of the region .
eos Llullaillaco name comes from Aymara ` ` murky water '' : llulla = dirty and yacu = water . Other sources propose it to have originated from Quechua Lullac = lie , Yacu = water : ` ` lying ( or treacherous ) water '' . It has been confirmed that Incas climbed
eos It has been confirmed that Incas climbed Llullaillaco in the pre - Colombian period . Artifacts on the summit constitute the highest evidence of human presence worldwide before the late nineteenth century . Also , the huáqueros may have also reached
eos 
eos Lone_Peak is the center of the Lone Peak Wilderness Area , which was established in 1978 .
eos Lone_Peak is the center of the Lone Peak Wilderness Area , which was established in 1978 . Lone_Peak , at 11,253 ' elevation , is one of the taller peaks in the Wasatch Range along the Wasatch Front and Lone_Peak tends to be a favorite hike .
eos Lone_Peak , at 11,253 ' elevation , is one of the taller peaks in the Wasatch Range along the Wasatch Front and Lone_Peak tends to be a favorite hike . Lone_Peak consists almost entirely of quartz monzonite ( a granitoid , or granite - like ) rock of the 30.5 million year old Little Cottonwood Stock . Quartzite and limestone are also found in distal locations on
eos Lone_Peak consists almost entirely of quartz monzonite ( a granitoid , or granite - like ) rock of the 30.5 million year old Little Cottonwood Stock . Quartzite and limestone are also found in distal locations on Lone_Peak .
eos Loser ( pronounced : "" loːzə "" ) is the name of a mountain in the Ausseerland in Austria
eos Loser ( pronounced : "" loːzə "" ) is the name of a mountain in the Ausseerland in Austria Loser_mountain has an elevation of 1,838 metres above sea level .
eos Loser ( pronounced : "" loːzə "" ) is the name of a mountain in the Ausseerland in Austria Loser_mountain has an elevation of 1,838 metres above sea level . Loser_mountain is the most prominent landmark of the Ausseerland . Among the locals ,
eos Loser ( pronounced : "" loːzə "" ) is the name of a mountain in the Ausseerland in Austria Loser_mountain has an elevation of 1,838 metres above sea level . Loser_mountain is the most prominent landmark of the Ausseerland . Among the locals , Loser_mountain is also known as the Ausseer Ohrwaschl ( Aussee Ear ) because of
eos The Augstsee ( 1643 m / 250 m x 100 m ) is located close to the restaurant and is an attractive target for hiking which can be reached with just a little walking . From there onwards , one can reach the peak by passing the Loser - Fenster ( Loser Window ) , a natural rock gate . One of the most important ski resorts of the Ausseerland is located on
eos 
eos Loughrigg_Fell is a hill in the central part of the English Lake District .
eos Loughrigg_Fell is a hill in the central part of the English Lake District . Loughrigg_Fell stands on the end of the long ridge coming down from High Raise over Silver How towards Ambleside , and Loughrigg_Fell is separated from
eos 
eos Lugnaquilla ( "" Irish : Log na Coille "" , meaning Hollow of the Wood ) is the highest mountain in Leinster and the 13 highest Irish peak .
eos Lugnaquilla is the highest peak in the Wicklow Mountains in eastern Ireland , and Lugnaquilla is one of Ireland 's fourteen mountains over 3,000 ft , with an elevation of 925 m ( 3,035 ft ) . Views , on a clear day extend east across the Irish Sea to the hills of the Llŷn Peninsula and mountains of Snowdonia in Wales .
eos Lugnaquilla is the highest peak in the Wicklow Mountains in eastern Ireland , and Lugnaquilla is one of Ireland 's fourteen mountains over 3,000 ft , with an elevation of 925 m ( 3,035 ft ) . Views , on a clear day extend east across the Irish Sea to the hills of the Llŷn Peninsula and mountains of Snowdonia in Wales . Lugnaquilla proximity to the capital , Dublin , ensures that
eos Views , on a clear day extend east across the Irish Sea to the hills of the Llŷn Peninsula and mountains of Snowdonia in Wales . Lugnaquilla proximity to the capital , Dublin , ensures that Lugnaquilla is a frequently climbed mountain . The most popular approaches to
eos Views , on a clear day extend east across the Irish Sea to the hills of the Llŷn Peninsula and mountains of Snowdonia in Wales . Lugnaquilla proximity to the capital , Dublin , ensures that Lugnaquilla is a frequently climbed mountain . The most popular approaches to Lugnaquilla , as
eos Lugnaquilla proximity to the capital , Dublin , ensures that Lugnaquilla is a frequently climbed mountain . The most popular approaches to Lugnaquilla , as Lugnaquilla is affectionately known , are via Glenmalure and the Glen of Imaal .
eos 
eos Lyskamm ( or Liskamm ) ( 4,527 m ) is a mountain in the Alps lying on the border between Switzerland and Italy .
eos Lyskamm consists of a five - kilometre - long ridge with two distinct peaks . The southern ( Italian ) face is somewhat rugged , and rises only a few hundred metres above the glacier below ( Ghiacciaio del Lis ) , while the northern ( Swiss ) side is an impressive 1100-metre ice - covered wall , rising up from the Gorner Glacier .
eos 
eos Machapuchare or Machhaphuchhare is a mountain in the Annapurna Himal of north central Nepal .
eos 
eos Maipo_volcano is a stratovolcano in the Andes , lying on the border between Argentina and Chile .
eos Maipo_volcano is a stratovolcano in the Andes , lying on the border between Argentina and Chile . Maipo_volcano is located 90 km ( 55 miles ) south of Tupungato and about 100 km ( 60 miles ) southeast of Santiago .
eos Maipo_volcano is a stratovolcano in the Andes , lying on the border between Argentina and Chile . Maipo_volcano is located 90 km ( 55 miles ) south of Tupungato and about 100 km ( 60 miles ) southeast of Santiago . Maipo_volcano retains a symmetrical , conical volcanic shape , unlike many of the other nearby peaks , making
eos Maipo_volcano is a stratovolcano in the Andes , lying on the border between Argentina and Chile . Maipo_volcano is located 90 km ( 55 miles ) south of Tupungato and about 100 km ( 60 miles ) southeast of Santiago . Maipo_volcano retains a symmetrical , conical volcanic shape , unlike many of the other nearby peaks , making Maipo_volcano the best known peak in the region , though
eos 
eos Makalu ( in Nepal officially मकालु ; in China officially Makaru ; Chinese : 马卡鲁山 , Pinyin : Mǎkǎlǔ Shān ) is the fifth highest mountain in the world and Makalu is located east of Mount Everest , on the border between Nepal and Tibet .
eos Makalu ( in Nepal officially मकालु ; in China officially Makaru ; Chinese : 马卡鲁山 , Pinyin : Mǎkǎlǔ Shān ) is the fifth highest mountain in the world and Makalu is located east of Mount Everest , on the border between Nepal and Tibet . Makalu is an isolated peak
eos Makalu ( in Nepal officially मकालु ; in China officially Makaru ; Chinese : 马卡鲁山 , Pinyin : Mǎkǎlǔ Shān ) is the fifth highest mountain in the world and Makalu is located east of Mount Everest , on the border between Nepal and Tibet . Makalu is an isolated peak Makalu shape is a four - sided pyramid .
eos Kangchungtse , or Makalu II , 7678 m , lies about 3 km ( 2 mi ) north - northwest of the main summit . Rising about 5 km ( 3.5 mi ) north - northeast of the main summit across a broad plateau , and connected to Kangchungtse by a narrow , 7,200 m saddle , is Chomo Lonzo , 7804 m. The first attempt on
eos The very technical West Pillar route was climbed in May , 1971 by Frenchmen B Mellet and Y Seigneur . The second ascent of the West Pillar was completed in May , 1980 by John Roskelley ( summit ) , Chris Kopczynski , James States and Kim Momb , without Sherpa support and without bottled oxygen . ) . On or about january 27 , 2006 , the French mountaineer Jean - Christophe Lafaille disappeared on
eos The second ascent of the West Pillar was completed in May , 1980 by John Roskelley ( summit ) , Chris Kopczynski , James States and Kim Momb , without Sherpa support and without bottled oxygen . ) . On or about january 27 , 2006 , the French mountaineer Jean - Christophe Lafaille disappeared on Makalu while trying to make the first winter ascent .
eos On or about january 27 , 2006 , the French mountaineer Jean - Christophe Lafaille disappeared on Makalu while trying to make the first winter ascent . Makalu is one of the harder eight - thousanders , and Makalu is considered one of the most difficult mountains in the world to climb .
eos On or about january 27 , 2006 , the French mountaineer Jean - Christophe Lafaille disappeared on Makalu while trying to make the first winter ascent . Makalu is one of the harder eight - thousanders , and Makalu is considered one of the most difficult mountains in the world to climb . Makalu is notorious for
eos Makalu is notorious for Makalu steep pitches and knife - edged ridges that are completely open to the elements . The final ascent of the summit pyramid involves technical rock climbing .
eos 
eos Makra_Peak is a scenic peak in the Hazara region of the Himalayas in northern Pakistan .
eos Makra_Peak is 3,586 m / 11,655 feet high and almost 200 km from Islamabad on Naran road . From Kiwai a jeep track goes upwards to Shogran , a tourist place , the track goes upward to Payee Lake and ends at Seree . From here it is a walking trek of three hours to the top of
eos From Kiwai a jeep track goes upwards to Shogran , a tourist place , the track goes upward to Payee Lake and ends at Seree . From here it is a walking trek of three hours to the top of Makra_Peak . Although
eos Although Makra_Peak is an easy peak deaths have occurred in storms . In spite of the difficulties , the top offers the unforgettable scenery of Hazara and Azad Kashmir . Waters of
eos 
eos Mam_Tor is a 517 m ( 1696 ft ) high peak near Castleton in the High Peak of Derbyshire , England .
eos Mam_Tor is a 517 m ( 1696 ft ) high peak near Castleton in the High Peak of Derbyshire , England . Mam_Tor name literally translates as Heights of the Mother and
eos Mam_Tor is a 517 m ( 1696 ft ) high peak near Castleton in the High Peak of Derbyshire , England . Mam_Tor name literally translates as Heights of the Mother and Mam_Tor is also known as the Shivering Mountain on account of the instability of
eos Mam_Tor is a 517 m ( 1696 ft ) high peak near Castleton in the High Peak of Derbyshire , England . Mam_Tor name literally translates as Heights of the Mother and Mam_Tor is also known as the Shivering Mountain on account of the instability of Mam_Tor lower shale layers . Indeed , in 1979 the continual battle to maintain the A625 road ( Sheffield to Chapel en le Frith ) on the crumbling southern side of
eos Mam_Tor name literally translates as Heights of the Mother and Mam_Tor is also known as the Shivering Mountain on account of the instability of Mam_Tor lower shale layers . Indeed , in 1979 the continual battle to maintain the A625 road ( Sheffield to Chapel en le Frith ) on the crumbling southern side of Mam_Tor was lost when the road officially closed as a through - route . The summit of
eos Radiocarbon analysis suggests occupation from around 1200 BC . The earliest remaining features are two Bronze Age burial mounds , one just below the summit and the other on the summit itself . At a later stage over a hundred small platforms were levelled into
eos The earliest remaining features are two Bronze Age burial mounds , one just below the summit and the other on the summit itself . At a later stage over a hundred small platforms were levelled into Mam_Tor near the summit , allowing inhabited timber huts to be constructed . At the base of
eos At a later stage over a hundred small platforms were levelled into Mam_Tor near the summit , allowing inhabited timber huts to be constructed . At the base of Mam_Tor and nearby are three show caves : Speedwell Cavern , Blue John Cavern and Treak Cliff Cavern where lead , Blue John and other minerals were once mined .
eos Mam_Tor sits near the top of Winnats Pass ( a steep and narrow limestone gorge ) , Mam_Tor forms the eastern end of Rushup Edge , and Mam_Tor dominates the western end of the ` ` Great Ridge '' , one of the most famous , beautiful , and easy - to - reach ridgewalks in the Peak District . The Ridge separates the two arms of the Hope Valley : the valley of the River Noe ( Edale ) to the north , and the Peakshole Water ( Castleton ) to the south . Starting at the western end , the walker leaves the summit of
eos The Ridge separates the two arms of the Hope Valley : the valley of the River Noe ( Edale ) to the north , and the Peakshole Water ( Castleton ) to the south . Starting at the western end , the walker leaves the summit of Mam_Tor , passes the remains of the fort 's earthworks , dips into the saddle of Hollins Cross , climbs to Back Tor , then dips and climbs again to the conical peak of Lose Hill at the eastern end of the Ridge . In the other direction , walkers who have climbed Lose Hill from Hope railway station see
eos 
eos Mammoth_Mountain is a large lava dome complex
eos Mammoth_Mountain is a large lava dome complex Mammoth_Mountain lies to the west of the town of Mammoth Lakes , California in the Inyo National Forest .
eos Mammoth_Mountain is a large lava dome complex Mammoth_Mountain lies to the west of the town of Mammoth Lakes , California in the Inyo National Forest . Mammoth_Mountain is home to the Mammoth Mountain Ski Area which is notable in that it gets an unusually large amount of snow compared to other Eastern Sierra peaks , due to
eos 
eos Mamostong_Kangri or Mamostang Kangri is the highest peak in the remote Rimo Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range in India near the disputed border with Pakistan .
eos Mamostong_Kangri or Mamostang Kangri is the highest peak in the remote Rimo Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range in India near the disputed border with Pakistan . Mamostong_Kangri is located about 30 km east - southeast of the snout of the Siachen Glacier .
eos Mamostong_Kangri is the 48th highest independent peak in the world ( using a 500 m prominence cutoff ) . The South Chong Kumdan Glacier , Kichik Kumdan ( Thangman ) , Mamostong , and South Terong Glaciers all head on the slopes of
eos The South Chong Kumdan Glacier , Kichik Kumdan ( Thangman ) , Mamostong , and South Terong Glaciers all head on the slopes of Mamostong_Kangri .
eos The South Chong Kumdan Glacier , Kichik Kumdan ( Thangman ) , Mamostong , and South Terong Glaciers all head on the slopes of Mamostong_Kangri . Mamostong_Kangri has not seen a great deal of visitation due to
eos ( Thangman ) , Mamostong , and South Terong Glaciers all head on the slopes of Mamostong_Kangri . Mamostong_Kangri has not seen a great deal of visitation due to Mamostong_Kangri remote location and the unsettled political and military situation in the region . The first European exploration of
eos The first ascent was made in 1984 by an Indo - Japanese expedition , via the Northeast Ridge , after a complicated approach . The summit party comprised N Yamada , K Yoshida , R Sharma , P Das , and H Chauhan . The Index lists four additional ascents of
eos 
eos Marble_Mountain_Newfoundland is a mountain located on the west coast of the Canadian island of Newfoundland in the Long Range Mountains .
eos Marble_Mountain_Newfoundland is a mountain located on the west coast of the Canadian island of Newfoundland in the Long Range Mountains . Marble_Mountain_Newfoundland is a series of steep ridges forming part of the southern side of the Humber River valley . The highest point of
eos The highest point of Marble_Mountain_Newfoundland is ` ` Mount Musgrave '' ( 540 m , 48 ° 55 ' 49N , 57 ° 50 ' 03W ) at Steady Brook , approximately 7 kilometres east of Corner Brook . The peak is named in honour of Sir Anthony Musgrave , a colonial governor of Newfoundland .
eos The Marble Mountain Ski Resort is known to have some of the best skiing east of the Rockies with an average of 5 metres ( 16.5 feet ) of snow each year , compared to Mont Tremblant 's 3.65 metres ( 12 feet ) . The resort was a key venue for the 1999 Canada Winter Games hosted by Corner Brook .
eos 
eos Marmolada ( the Italian name ; also Ladin : Marmoleda , German : Marmolata ) is a mountain in northeastern Italy ( just east of Trento ) and the highest mountain of the Dolomites ( a section of the Alps ) .
eos German : Marmolata ) is a mountain in northeastern Italy ( just east of Trento ) and the highest mountain of the Dolomites ( a section of the Alps ) . Marmolada consists of a ridge running west to east . Towards the south
eos An aerial tramway goes to the top of Punta Penia . Paul Grohmann made the first ascent in 1864 , along the north route . Before World War I , the border between Austria and Italy ran over
eos An aerial tramway goes to the top of Punta Penia . Paul Grohmann made the first ascent in 1864 , along the north route . Before World War I , the border between Austria and Italy ran over Marmolada , so
eos 
eos Maroon_Bells is a mountain in the Elk Mountains that consists of two peaks , South Maroon Peak and North Maroon Peak , separated by about a third of a mile .
eos Both peaks are counted as fourteeners . Maroon Peak , at 14,156 feet , is the 27th highest peak in Colorado ; North Maroon Peak , at 14,014 feet , is the 50th highest . The view of
eos 
eos Masaya is a large basaltic volcanic caldera located 20 km south of Managua , Nicaragua , Central America and Masaya is Nicaragua 's first and largest National Park ,
eos The volcanic complex is composed of a nested set of calderas and craters , the largest of which is Las Sierras shield volcano and caldera . Within this caldera lies
eos This hosts Masaya caldera , formed 2500 years ago by an 8 cu km basaltic ignimbrite eruption . Inside this caldera a new basaltic complex has grown from eruptions mainly on a semi - circular set of vents that include the Masaya and Nindiri cones . The latter host the pit craters of
eos Since 1772 , lava has appeared at the surface only in the Santiago pit crater ( presently active and persistently degassing ) and possibly within Nindiri crater in 1852 . A lake occupies the far eastern end of the caldera .
eos Since 1772 , lava has appeared at the surface only in the Santiago pit crater ( presently active and persistently degassing ) and possibly within Nindiri crater in 1852 . A lake occupies the far eastern end of the caldera . Masaya continually emits large amounts of sulfur dioxide gas ( from the active Santiago crater ) and volcanologists study this ( amongst other signs ) to better understand the behavior of
eos Masaya continually emits large amounts of sulfur dioxide gas ( from the active Santiago crater ) and volcanologists study this ( amongst other signs ) to better understand the behavior of Masaya and also evaluate the impact of acid rain and the potential for health problems . Other eruptive events have occurred in the last 50 years . On november 22 , 1999 ,
eos The explosion sent rocks with diameters up to 60 cm which travelled up to 500 m from the crater . Vehicles in the visitors area were damaged and one person was injured . On Oct. 4 , 2003 an eruption cloud was reported at
eos Vehicles in the visitors area were damaged and one person was injured . On Oct. 4 , 2003 an eruption cloud was reported at Masaya . The plume rose to a height of ~ 4.6 km .1
eos 
eos Masherbrum ( also known as K1 ) is the 22nd highest mountain in the world and the 11th highest in Pakistan ( according to the Indian government ,
eos Masherbrum ( also known as K1 ) is the 22nd highest mountain in the world and the 11th highest in Pakistan ( according to the Indian government , Masherbrum is in India and the 11th highest in India ) .
eos Masherbrum ( also known as K1 ) is the 22nd highest mountain in the world and the 11th highest in Pakistan ( according to the Indian government , Masherbrum is in India and the 11th highest in India ) . Masherbrum is the highest peak of the Masherbrum range , a subrange of the Karakoram mountains .
eos Masherbrum ( also known as K1 ) is the 22nd highest mountain in the world and the 11th highest in Pakistan ( according to the Indian government , Masherbrum is in India and the 11th highest in India ) . Masherbrum is the highest peak of the Masherbrum range , a subrange of the Karakoram mountains . Masherbrum is a large and striking peak ,
eos 
eos Matlalcueitl_volcano , also known as Matlalcuéyetl , Matlalcueitl or Malintzin , is an active volcano ( although dormant for last 3,100 years ) located in Tlaxcala and Puebla states , in Mexico . Officially ,
eos Matlalcueitl_volcano , also known as Matlalcuéyetl , Matlalcueitl or Malintzin , is an active volcano ( although dormant for last 3,100 years ) located in Tlaxcala and Puebla states , in Mexico . Officially , Matlalcueitl_volcano summit reaches 4,461 meters ( 14646 ft ) above sea level , though in some articles is considered to be 4,503 m with GPS .
eos Matlalcueitl_volcano , also known as Matlalcuéyetl , Matlalcueitl or Malintzin , is an active volcano ( although dormant for last 3,100 years ) located in Tlaxcala and Puebla states , in Mexico . Officially , Matlalcueitl_volcano summit reaches 4,461 meters ( 14646 ft ) above sea level , though in some articles is considered to be 4,503 m with GPS . Matlalcueitl_volcano height puts
eos Officially , Matlalcueitl_volcano summit reaches 4,461 meters ( 14646 ft ) above sea level , though in some articles is considered to be 4,503 m with GPS . Matlalcueitl_volcano height puts Matlalcueitl_volcano as the highest Tlaxcalan peak , the third in Puebla and the fifth in the country .
eos Matlalcueitl_volcano height puts Matlalcueitl_volcano as the highest Tlaxcalan peak , the third in Puebla and the fifth in the country . Matlalcueitl_volcano is the 252nd highest mountain in the world .
eos Matlalcueitl_volcano height puts Matlalcueitl_volcano as the highest Tlaxcalan peak , the third in Puebla and the fifth in the country . Matlalcueitl_volcano is the 252nd highest mountain in the world . Matlalcueitl_volcano prominence or height above the valleys surrounding
eos Matlalcueitl_volcano height puts Matlalcueitl_volcano as the highest Tlaxcalan peak , the third in Puebla and the fifth in the country . Matlalcueitl_volcano is the 252nd highest mountain in the world . Matlalcueitl_volcano prominence or height above the valleys surrounding Matlalcueitl_volcano varies from 1,908 meters above Huamantla city , in Tlaxcala , to 2461 meters above the Villa Vicente Guerrero town , being
eos Matlalcueitl_volcano prominence or height above the valleys surrounding Matlalcueitl_volcano varies from 1,908 meters above Huamantla city , in Tlaxcala , to 2461 meters above the Villa Vicente Guerrero town , being Matlalcueitl_volcano height 2,221 meters above Tlaxcala city and 2,299 meters above Puebla city . The distance from this big towns to the La Malinche ' summit is 22.4 kilometers and 28.3 km , respectively , and 118 km from Mexico City . Matlalcueitl_volcano climate is cold on the summit and mild on
eos Matlalcueitl_volcano prominence or height above the valleys surrounding Matlalcueitl_volcano varies from 1,908 meters above Huamantla city , in Tlaxcala , to 2461 meters above the Villa Vicente Guerrero town , being Matlalcueitl_volcano height 2,221 meters above Tlaxcala city and 2,299 meters above Puebla city . The distance from this big towns to the La Malinche ' summit is 22.4 kilometers and 28.3 km , respectively , and 118 km from Mexico City .
eos The distance from this big towns to the La Malinche ' summit is 22.4 kilometers and 28.3 km , respectively , and 118 km from Mexico City . Matlalcueitl_volcano climate is cold on the summit and mild on Matlalcueitl_volcano hillsides . The Tlaxcaltecs named
eos Matlalcueitl_volcano climate is cold on the summit and mild on Matlalcueitl_volcano hillsides . The Tlaxcaltecs named Matlalcueitl_volcano Matlalcuéyetl , which in English means ` ` Lady of the Blue Skirts , '' a wizard goddess . The Spanish changed
eos 
eos Matterhorn ( German ) or Cervino ( Italian ) , ( French : Mont Cervin or Le Cervin ) is perhaps the most familiar mountain in the European Alps . On the border between Switzerland and Italy ,
eos ( French : Mont Cervin or Le Cervin ) is perhaps the most familiar mountain in the European Alps . On the border between Switzerland and Italy , Matterhorn towers over the Swiss village of Zermatt and the Italian village Breuil - Cervinia in the Val Tournanche .
eos ( French : Mont Cervin or Le Cervin ) is perhaps the most familiar mountain in the European Alps . On the border between Switzerland and Italy , Matterhorn towers over the Swiss village of Zermatt and the Italian village Breuil - Cervinia in the Val Tournanche . Matterhorn derives
eos On the border between Switzerland and Italy , Matterhorn towers over the Swiss village of Zermatt and the Italian village Breuil - Cervinia in the Val Tournanche . Matterhorn derives Matterhorn name from the German words Matte , meaning meadow , and Horn , which means peak .
eos 
eos Mauna_Kea is a dormant volcano in the Hawaiian Islands , one of five volcanoes which together form the island of Hawai'i . Pu'u Wekiu , one of numerous cinder cones on the summit plateau , is the highest point in the state of Hawaii at 13,796 feet ( 4,205 m ) .
eos Mauna_Kea is a dormant volcano in the Hawaiian Islands , one of five volcanoes which together form the island of Hawai'i . Pu'u Wekiu , one of numerous cinder cones on the summit plateau , is the highest point in the state of Hawaii at 13,796 feet ( 4,205 m ) . Mauna_Kea is the tallest mountain in the world when measured from base to summit , since
eos Mauna_Kea is a dormant volcano in the Hawaiian Islands , one of five volcanoes which together form the island of Hawai'i . Pu'u Wekiu , one of numerous cinder cones on the summit plateau , is the highest point in the state of Hawaii at 13,796 feet ( 4,205 m ) . Mauna_Kea is the tallest mountain in the world when measured from base to summit , since Mauna_Kea base is located on the seafloor about beneath the surface of the Pacific Ocean , bringing
eos Pu'u Wekiu , one of numerous cinder cones on the summit plateau , is the highest point in the state of Hawaii at 13,796 feet ( 4,205 m ) . Mauna_Kea is the tallest mountain in the world when measured from base to summit , since Mauna_Kea base is located on the seafloor about beneath the surface of the Pacific Ocean , bringing Mauna_Kea total height to well over 33000 ft . In the Hawaiian language , mauna kea means ` ` white mountain '' , a reference to
eos 
eos Mauna_Loa is the largest volcano on earth .
eos Mauna_Loa is the largest volcano on earth . Mauna_Loa is an active shield volcano , with a volume estimated at approximately 18,000 cubic miles ( 75,000 km ³ ) , although
eos Mauna_Loa is the largest volcano on earth . Mauna_Loa is an active shield volcano , with a volume estimated at approximately 18,000 cubic miles ( 75,000 km ³ ) , although Mauna_Loa peak is about 120 feet ( 37 m ) lower than that of
eos Mauna_Loa is an active shield volcano , with a volume estimated at approximately 18,000 cubic miles ( 75,000 km ³ ) , although Mauna_Loa peak is about 120 feet ( 37 m ) lower than that of Mauna_Loa neighbor , Mauna Kea , another of five volcanoes that form the Island of Hawaii . The Hawaiian name ` ` Mauna Loa '' means ` ` Long Mountain '' . Lava eruptions from
eos Mauna_Loa is an active shield volcano , with a volume estimated at approximately 18,000 cubic miles ( 75,000 km ³ ) , although Mauna_Loa peak is about 120 feet ( 37 m ) lower than that of Mauna_Loa neighbor , Mauna Kea , another of five volcanoes that form the Island of Hawaii . The Hawaiian name ` ` Mauna Loa '' means ` ` Long Mountain '' . Lava eruptions from Mauna_Loa are silica - poor , thus very fluid : and as a result eruptions tend to be non - explosive and
eos The Hawaiian name ` ` Mauna Loa '' means ` ` Long Mountain '' . Lava eruptions from Mauna_Loa are silica - poor , thus very fluid : and as a result eruptions tend to be non - explosive and Mauna_Loa has extremely shallow slopes .
eos Lava eruptions from Mauna_Loa are silica - poor , thus very fluid : and as a result eruptions tend to be non - explosive and Mauna_Loa has extremely shallow slopes . Mauna_Loa has probably been erupting for at least 700,000 years and Mauna_Loa may have emerged above sea level about 400,000 years ago , although the oldest - known dated rocks do not extend beyond 200,000 years .
eos Mauna_Loa has probably been erupting for at least 700,000 years and Mauna_Loa may have emerged above sea level about 400,000 years ago , although the oldest - known dated rocks do not extend beyond 200,000 years . Mauna_Loa magma comes from the Hawaii hotspot , which has been responsible for the creation of the Hawaiian island chain for tens of millions of years . The slow drift of the Pacific Plate will eventually carry
eos Mauna_Loa has probably been erupting for at least 700,000 years and Mauna_Loa may have emerged above sea level about 400,000 years ago , although the oldest - known dated rocks do not extend beyond 200,000 years . Mauna_Loa magma comes from the Hawaii hotspot , which has been responsible for the creation of the Hawaiian island chain for tens of millions of years . The slow drift of the Pacific Plate will eventually carry Mauna_Loa away from the hotspot , and
eos Mauna_Loa magma comes from the Hawaii hotspot , which has been responsible for the creation of the Hawaiian island chain for tens of millions of years . The slow drift of the Pacific Plate will eventually carry Mauna_Loa away from the hotspot , and Mauna_Loa will thus become extinct within 500,000 to one million years from now .
eos The slow drift of the Pacific Plate will eventually carry Mauna_Loa away from the hotspot , and Mauna_Loa will thus become extinct within 500,000 to one million years from now . Mauna_Loa most recent eruption occurred from march 24 1984 , to april 15 1984 . No recent eruptions of
eos Mauna_Loa most recent eruption occurred from march 24 1984 , to april 15 1984 . No recent eruptions of Mauna_Loa have caused fatalities , but eruptions in 1926 and 1950 destroyed villages , and the city of Hilo is partly built on lava flows from the late nineteenth century . In view of the hazards
eos Mauna_Loa most recent eruption occurred from march 24 1984 , to april 15 1984 . No recent eruptions of Mauna_Loa have caused fatalities , but eruptions in 1926 and 1950 destroyed villages , and the city of Hilo is partly built on lava flows from the late nineteenth century . In view of the hazards Mauna_Loa poses to population centers ,
eos No recent eruptions of Mauna_Loa have caused fatalities , but eruptions in 1926 and 1950 destroyed villages , and the city of Hilo is partly built on lava flows from the late nineteenth century . In view of the hazards Mauna_Loa poses to population centers , Mauna_Loa is part of the Decade Volcanoes program , which encourages studies of the most dangerous volcanoes .
eos In view of the hazards Mauna_Loa poses to population centers , Mauna_Loa is part of the Decade Volcanoes program , which encourages studies of the most dangerous volcanoes . Mauna_Loa has been intensively monitored by the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory ( HVO ) since 1912 . Observations of the atmosphere are undertaken at the Mauna Loa Observatory , and of the Sun at the Mauna Loa Solar Observatory , both located near
eos Mauna_Loa has been intensively monitored by the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory ( HVO ) since 1912 . Observations of the atmosphere are undertaken at the Mauna Loa Observatory , and of the Sun at the Mauna Loa Solar Observatory , both located near Mauna_Loa summit . Hawaii Volcanoes National Park covers the summit and the southeastern flank of
eos 
eos Mayon_Volcano is an active volcano in the Philippines on the island of Luzon , in the province of Albay in the Bicol Region .
eos Mayon_Volcano is an active volcano in the Philippines on the island of Luzon , in the province of Albay in the Bicol Region . Mayon_Volcano almost perfectly - shaped cone is considered by some to be the Philippine equivalent of Mount Fuji in Japan .
eos Mayon_Volcano almost perfectly - shaped cone is considered by some to be the Philippine equivalent of Mount Fuji in Japan . Mayon_Volcano is situated 15 kilometres northwest of Legazpi City .
eos Mayon_Volcano is situated 15 kilometres northwest of Legazpi City . Mayon_Volcano is classified by volcanologists as a stratovolcano ( composite volcano ) .
eos Mayon_Volcano is classified by volcanologists as a stratovolcano ( composite volcano ) . Mayon_Volcano symmetric cone was formed through alternate pyroclastic and lava flows .
eos Mayon_Volcano symmetric cone was formed through alternate pyroclastic and lava flows . Mayon_Volcano is the most active volcano in the country , having erupted over 47 times in the past 400 years .
eos Mayon_Volcano is the most active volcano in the country , having erupted over 47 times in the past 400 years . Mayon_Volcano is located between the Eurasian and the Philippine Plate , at a convergent plate boundary : where a continental plate meets an oceanic plate , the lighter continental plate overrides the oceanic plate , forcing it down ; magma is formed where the rock melts . Like other volcanoes located around the rim of the Pacific Ocean ,
eos 
eos Medicine_Bow_Peak is the highest peak in the Snowy Range , a part of the Medicine Bow Mountains , about 35 miles west of Laramie , Wyoming .
eos The most commonly used trail to the peak is a four - mile hike featuring switch - backs and a great deal of loose rock . The trails to the peak are usually open from early june to mid october .
eos 
eos Mehrbani_Peak is a mountain in Naltar Valley in the Gilgit District of Northern Areas of Pakistan .
eos 
eos Meije is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins range , located at the border of the Hautes - Alpes and Isère départements .
eos Meije is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins range , located at the border of the Hautes - Alpes and Isère départements . Meije overlooks the nearby village of La Grave , a mountaineering centre and ski resort , well - known for
eos Meije is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins range , located at the border of the Hautes - Alpes and Isère départements . Meije overlooks the nearby village of La Grave , a mountaineering centre and ski resort , well - known for Meije off - piste and extreme skiing possibilities .
eos The highest point is the Grand Pic de la Meije at 3,984 metres . The Doigt de Dieu ( English : Finger of God ) , a large snow - clad tower at the east end of the ridge , overhanging the south slopes , is an attraction for mountaineers of all levels of ability . The first ascent of
eos The first ascent of Meije was made on august 16 , 1877 by Emmanuel Boileau de Castelneu and Pierre Gaspard and son . In 1891 , J H. Gibson , U Almer and F Boss made the first traverse of the ridge , from west to east . For mountaineering ,
eos In 1891 , J H. Gibson , U Almer and F Boss made the first traverse of the ridge , from west to east . For mountaineering , Meije can be approached from two mountain refuges : * The refuge du Promontoire at 3,082 metres , is situated at the bottom of the steep south buttress of the peak , and allows access to routes on the south face of
eos 
eos Pinyin : Qiáogérú Fēng ; other English spelling : Menlungtse ) is the highest mountain of the Rolwaling Himal in the Himalaya .
eos Qiáogérú Fēng ; other English spelling : Menlungtse ) is the highest mountain of the Rolwaling Himal in the Himalaya . Melungtse has a long summit ridge capped by the east ( main ) summit and the west summit , also known as Melungtse II , 7,023 m.
eos Qiáogérú Fēng ; other English spelling : Menlungtse ) is the highest mountain of the Rolwaling Himal in the Himalaya . Melungtse has a long summit ridge capped by the east ( main ) summit and the west summit , also known as Melungtse II , 7,023 m. Melungtse steep faces make
eos Qiáogérú Fēng ; other English spelling : Menlungtse ) is the highest mountain of the Rolwaling Himal in the Himalaya . Melungtse has a long summit ridge capped by the east ( main ) summit and the west summit , also known as Melungtse II , 7,023 m. Melungtse steep faces make Melungtse more difficult than
eos 
eos Mercedario is the highest peak of the Cordillera de la Ramada range and the eighth highest mountain of the Andes .
eos Mercedario is the highest peak of the Cordillera de la Ramada range and the eighth highest mountain of the Andes . Mercedario is located 100 km to the north of Aconcagua , in the Argentine province of San Juan .
eos 
eos Middle_Palisade is a peak in the Palisades group , part of the central Sierra Nevada Mountains in the US state of California .
eos Middle_Palisade is a peak in the Palisades group , part of the central Sierra Nevada Mountains in the US state of California . Middle_Palisade rises to 14,012 feet ( 4,271 m ) , and Middle_Palisade is the twelfth highest peak in the state . Several routes involving exposed scrambling and/or easy technical rock climbing ( class 4 ) exist on the various flanks of
eos Several routes involving exposed scrambling and/or easy technical rock climbing ( class 4 ) exist on the various flanks of Middle_Palisade . Some routes involve travel on the Middle Palisade Glacier . The easiest route involves scrambling ( class 3 ) up a chute in the east face of
eos 
eos Middle_Teton is the third highest peak in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming .
eos Middle_Teton is the third highest peak in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Middle_Teton is immediately southwest of Grand Teton and the two are separated from one another by the lower saddle , a broad high ridge at 11,600 feet ( 3,540 m ) . The Middle Teton Glacier is located on the eastern slopes of
eos Middle_Teton is immediately southwest of Grand Teton and the two are separated from one another by the lower saddle , a broad high ridge at 11,600 feet ( 3,540 m ) . The Middle Teton Glacier is located on the eastern slopes of Middle_Teton .
eos Middle_Teton is a classic pyramidal shaped alpine peak and Middle_Teton is sometimes included as part of the Cathedral Group of high Teton peaks . The 40 mi long Teton Range is the youngest mountain chain in the Rocky Mountains , and began their uplift 9 million years ago , during the Miocene . Several periods of glaciation have carved
eos The 40 mi long Teton Range is the youngest mountain chain in the Rocky Mountains , and began their uplift 9 million years ago , during the Miocene . Several periods of glaciation have carved Middle_Teton and the other peaks of the range into their current shapes . From the lower saddle , a distinctive feature known as the black dike appears as a straight line running from near the top of
eos 
eos Minarets_California are a series of jagged peaks in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of the state of California in the southwestern United States . Collectively ,
eos Minarets_California are a series of jagged peaks in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of the state of California in the southwestern United States . Collectively , Minarets_California form an arête and Minarets_California are a prominent feature in the Ansel Adams Wilderness .
eos Collectively , Minarets_California form an arête and Minarets_California are a prominent feature in the Ansel Adams Wilderness . Minarets_California were named by the California Geographical Survey in 1868 , which reported : ` ` To the south of Mount Ritter are some grand pinnacles of granite , very lofty and apparently inaccessible , to which we gave the name of ` the Minarets . ' '' Seventeen of
eos Seventeen of Minarets_California have been given unofficial names , including Michael Minaret , Adams Minaret , Leonard Minaret , and Clyde Minaret . Walter A Starr , Jr. , author of Starr 's Guide to the John Muir Trail and the High Sierra Region , fell to his death while solo - climbing Michael Minaret in 1933 . Until 1984 , the Ansel Adams Wilderness was named the Minaret Wilderness after
eos 
eos Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is an iconic mountain in the South Island of New Zealand .
eos Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is an iconic mountain in the South Island of New Zealand . Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is one of the most photographed peaks in the country . The distinctive shape of
eos Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is an iconic mountain in the South Island of New Zealand . Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is one of the most photographed peaks in the country . The distinctive shape of Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand in southern New Zealand gives
eos Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is an iconic mountain in the South Island of New Zealand . Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is one of the most photographed peaks in the country . The distinctive shape of Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand in southern New Zealand gives Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand
eos Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is one of the most photographed peaks in the country . The distinctive shape of Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand in southern New Zealand gives Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand name , after the mitre headwear of Christian bishops .
eos The distinctive shape of Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand in southern New Zealand gives Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand name , after the mitre headwear of Christian bishops . Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand was named by a survey crew from the HMS Acheron . Part of the reason for
eos The distinctive shape of Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand in southern New Zealand gives Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand name , after the mitre headwear of Christian bishops . Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand was named by a survey crew from the HMS Acheron . Part of the reason for Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand iconic status is
eos Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand was named by a survey crew from the HMS Acheron . Part of the reason for Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand iconic status is Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand location . Close to the shore of Milford Sound , in the Fiordland National Park in the southwestern South Island ,
eos Part of the reason for Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand iconic status is Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand location . Close to the shore of Milford Sound , in the Fiordland National Park in the southwestern South Island , Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is a stunning sight . Rising to 1,692 metres from the water of the sound ( more technically a fjord ) ,
eos Part of the reason for Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand iconic status is Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand location . Close to the shore of Milford Sound , in the Fiordland National Park in the southwestern South Island , Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is a stunning sight . Rising to 1,692 metres from the water of the sound ( more technically a fjord ) , Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is actually a closely grouped set of five peaks , although from most easily accessible viewpoints
eos 
eos 
eos Mocho-Choshuenco is a stratovolcano in the Chilean province of Valdivia in the Andes .
eos Mocho-Choshuenco is a stratovolcano in the Chilean province of Valdivia in the Andes . Mocho-Choshuenco has recorded eruptions from 1864 and 1937 but Mocho-Choshuenco is actually inactive . The highest part of
eos Mocho-Choshuenco is a stratovolcano in the Chilean province of Valdivia in the Andes . Mocho-Choshuenco has recorded eruptions from 1864 and 1937 but Mocho-Choshuenco is actually inactive . The highest part of Mocho-Choshuenco forms the Mocho - Choshuenco National Reserve , the east parts of
eos Mocho-Choshuenco has recorded eruptions from 1864 and 1937 but Mocho-Choshuenco is actually inactive . The highest part of Mocho-Choshuenco forms the Mocho - Choshuenco National Reserve , the east parts of Mocho-Choshuenco borders the Huilo - Huilo Natural Reserve .
eos The highest part of Mocho-Choshuenco forms the Mocho - Choshuenco National Reserve , the east parts of Mocho-Choshuenco borders the Huilo - Huilo Natural Reserve . Mocho-Choshuenco has two peaks : the Choshuenco in north - west with 2415mts and the Mocho at south - east with 2422mts . In early colonial maps
eos 
eos Moench ( German : ` ` monk '' ) is a mountain in the Swiss Alps . Together with the Eiger and the Jungfrau
eos ( German : ` ` monk '' ) is a mountain in the Swiss Alps . Together with the Eiger and the Jungfrau Moench forms a salient tripartite group visible from far away .
eos 
eos Both are in the Jugal Himal , a subrange of the Himalaya in Tibet . ( This range is contiguous with , and often considered as part of , the Langtang Himal . )
eos ( This range is contiguous with , and often considered as part of , the Langtang Himal . ) Molamenqing elevation is also given as 7,661 m ( 25,134 ft ) ; the elevation given here is from a Chinese survey . ( Neate 1989:52 )
eos ( This range is contiguous with , and often considered as part of , the Langtang Himal . ) Molamenqing elevation is also given as 7,661 m ( 25,134 ft ) ; the elevation given here is from a Chinese survey . ( Neate 1989:52 ) Molamenqing is little - known , partly since
eos Molamenqing elevation is also given as 7,661 m ( 25,134 ft ) ; the elevation given here is from a Chinese survey . ( Neate 1989:52 ) Molamenqing is little - known , partly since Molamenqing does not have much independent stature .
eos Molamenqing elevation is also given as 7,661 m ( 25,134 ft ) ; the elevation given here is from a Chinese survey . ( Neate 1989:52 ) Molamenqing is little - known , partly since Molamenqing does not have much independent stature . Molamenqing topographic prominence , ie
eos Molamenqing elevation is also given as 7,661 m ( 25,134 ft ) ; the elevation given here is from a Chinese survey . ( Neate 1989:52 ) Molamenqing is little - known , partly since Molamenqing does not have much independent stature . Molamenqing topographic prominence , ie Molamenqing rise above the saddle connecting
eos Molamenqing elevation is also given as 7,661 m ( 25,134 ft ) ; the elevation given here is from a Chinese survey . ( Neate 1989:52 ) Molamenqing is little - known , partly since Molamenqing does not have much independent stature . Molamenqing topographic prominence , ie Molamenqing rise above the saddle connecting Molamenqing with Shishapangma , is only 430 metres , which is relatively small for a Himalayan peak , although large enough for
eos ( Neate 1989:52 ) Molamenqing is little - known , partly since Molamenqing does not have much independent stature . Molamenqing topographic prominence , ie Molamenqing rise above the saddle connecting Molamenqing with Shishapangma , is only 430 metres , which is relatively small for a Himalayan peak , although large enough for Molamenqing to qualify in some reckonings as an independent peak .
eos Molamenqing topographic prominence , ie Molamenqing rise above the saddle connecting Molamenqing with Shishapangma , is only 430 metres , which is relatively small for a Himalayan peak , although large enough for Molamenqing to qualify in some reckonings as an independent peak . Molamenqing did enjoy a temporary fame in the early 1980 's . At the time
eos Molamenqing topographic prominence , ie Molamenqing rise above the saddle connecting Molamenqing with Shishapangma , is only 430 metres , which is relatively small for a Himalayan peak , although large enough for Molamenqing to qualify in some reckonings as an independent peak . Molamenqing did enjoy a temporary fame in the early 1980 's . At the time Molamenqing was one of the highest unclimbed peaks in the world ( using a prominence cutoff low enough to qualify
eos Molamenqing did enjoy a temporary fame in the early 1980 's . At the time Molamenqing was one of the highest unclimbed peaks in the world ( using a prominence cutoff low enough to qualify Molamenqing as a separate summit ) . A team from New Zealand applied to the Chinese authorities to climb
eos At the time Molamenqing was one of the highest unclimbed peaks in the world ( using a prominence cutoff low enough to qualify Molamenqing as a separate summit ) . A team from New Zealand applied to the Chinese authorities to climb Molamenqing , and became one of the first Western teams to be allowed to climb in Tibet since before World War II . The team succeeded in making the first , and so far the only , ascent of
eos A team from New Zealand applied to the Chinese authorities to climb Molamenqing , and became one of the first Western teams to be allowed to climb in Tibet since before World War II . The team succeeded in making the first , and so far the only , ascent of Molamenqing . They started from the east side of
eos The team succeeded in making the first , and so far the only , ascent of Molamenqing . They started from the east side of Molamenqing , but their long route went via the north side of Shishapangma and approached the summit from the west . The Index lists no other attempts on
eos 
eos Moldoveanu_Peak ( Romanian : Vârful Moldoveanu ) is the highest mountain in Romania , being located in the Făgăraş Mountains of the Southern Carpathians . The most used paths to reach
eos The most used paths to reach Moldoveanu_Peak are over the Vistea Mare Peak ( 2527 m ) , by paths coming from Podragu , Sambata , or by the Vistea Valley . The closest locality is Victoria , on the north side . On the south side
eos 
eos Mont_Blanc ( Italian for white mountain ) or Mont Blanc ( French , same meaning ) also known as ` ` La Dame Blanche '' ( French , the white lady ) is a mountain in the Alps . With
eos Mont_Blanc ( Italian for white mountain ) or Mont Blanc ( French , same meaning ) also known as ` ` La Dame Blanche '' ( French , the white lady ) is a mountain in the Alps . With Mont_Blanc 4,808 m summit ,
eos ( Italian for white mountain ) or Mont Blanc ( French , same meaning ) also known as ` ` La Dame Blanche '' ( French , the white lady ) is a mountain in the Alps . With Mont_Blanc 4,808 m summit , Mont_Blanc is the highest mountain in the Alps and Western Europe .
eos Mont_Blanc lies between the regions of Aosta Valley , Italy , and Haute - Savoie , France . The location of the summit itself is a subject of controversy between the two countries , as each tends to place it within its own boundaries on maps . In a convention between France and Kingdom of Sardinia , in Turin ( 1861 ) , the border was fixed on the highest point of
eos In a convention between France and Kingdom of Sardinia , in Turin ( 1861 ) , the border was fixed on the highest point of Mont_Blanc . This was the last official definition of this border , but often the French maps do not respect this solution . The two most famous towns near
eos The two most famous towns near Mont_Blanc are Courmayeur , in Aosta Valley , Italy , and Chamonix , in Haute - Savoie , France - the site of the first Winter Olympics . Begun in 1957 and completed in 1965 , the 11.6 km ( 7 1/4 mi ) Mont Blanc Tunnel runs beneath
eos 
eos Mont_Blanc_de_Courmayeur ( 4,748 m ) in the Mont Blanc massif in Italy , is the second highest mountain in the Alps and the second highest point in Italy . Lying to the south - east of the summit of Mont Blanc , to which
eos Mont_Blanc_de_Courmayeur ( 4,748 m ) in the Mont Blanc massif in Italy , is the second highest mountain in the Alps and the second highest point in Italy . Lying to the south - east of the summit of Mont Blanc , to which Mont_Blanc_de_Courmayeur is joined by Col Major ,
eos 
eos Mont_Pelvoux ( 3,946 m ) is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins in the French Alps . For many years
eos Mont_Pelvoux ( 3,946 m ) is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins in the French Alps . For many years Mont_Pelvoux was believed to be the highest mountain in the region since the higher Barre des Écrins can not be seen from the Durance valley . The highest point on
eos 
eos ( Occitan : Ventor in classical norm or Ventour in Mistralian norm ) is a mountain in the Provence region of southern France , located some 20 km north - east of Carpentras , Vaucluse . On the north - side ,
eos Ventor in classical norm or Ventour in Mistralian norm ) is a mountain in the Provence region of southern France , located some 20 km north - east of Carpentras , Vaucluse . On the north - side , Mont_Ventoux borders the Drôme département .
eos Mont_Ventoux is the largest mountain in the region and Mont_Ventoux has been nicknamed the ` ` Giant of Provence '' , or ` ` The Bald Mountain '' . As the name might suggest ( venteux means windy in French ) , it can get windy at the summit , especially with the mistral ; windspeeds as high as 320 km / h ( 193 mph ) have been recorded . The road over
eos As the name might suggest ( venteux means windy in French ) , it can get windy at the summit , especially with the mistral ; windspeeds as high as 320 km / h ( 193 mph ) have been recorded . The road over Mont_Ventoux is often closed due to high winds . The real origins of the name are thought to trace back to the 1st or 2nd century AD , when
eos The real origins of the name are thought to trace back to the 1st or 2nd century AD , when Mont_Ventoux was named ` Vintur ' after a Gaulish god of the summits , or ` Ven - Top ' , meaning ` ` snowy peak '' in the ancient Gallic language . In the 10th century , the names Mons Ventosus and Mons Ventorius appear .
eos In the 10th century , the names Mons Ventosus and Mons Ventorius appear . Mont_Ventoux , although geologically part of the Alps , is often considered to be separate from them , due to the lack of mountains of a similar height nearby .
eos In the 10th century , the names Mons Ventosus and Mons Ventorius appear . Mont_Ventoux , although geologically part of the Alps , is often considered to be separate from them , due to the lack of mountains of a similar height nearby . Mont_Ventoux stands alone to the west of the Luberon range , and just to the east of the Dentelles de Montmirail ,
eos Mont_Ventoux , although geologically part of the Alps , is often considered to be separate from them , due to the lack of mountains of a similar height nearby . Mont_Ventoux stands alone to the west of the Luberon range , and just to the east of the Dentelles de Montmirail , Mont_Ventoux foothills . The top of
eos Mont_Ventoux stands alone to the west of the Luberon range , and just to the east of the Dentelles de Montmirail , Mont_Ventoux foothills . The top of Mont_Ventoux is bare limestone without vegetation or trees . The white limestone on
eos Mont_Ventoux stands alone to the west of the Luberon range , and just to the east of the Dentelles de Montmirail , Mont_Ventoux foothills . The top of Mont_Ventoux is bare limestone without vegetation or trees . The white limestone on Mont_Ventoux barren peak means
eos The top of Mont_Ventoux is bare limestone without vegetation or trees . The white limestone on Mont_Ventoux barren peak means Mont_Ventoux appears from a distance to be snow - capped all year round (
eos The white limestone on Mont_Ventoux barren peak means Mont_Ventoux appears from a distance to be snow - capped all year round ( Mont_Ventoux snow cover actually lasts from december to april ) .
eos The white limestone on Mont_Ventoux barren peak means Mont_Ventoux appears from a distance to be snow - capped all year round ( Mont_Ventoux snow cover actually lasts from december to april ) . Mont_Ventoux isolated position overlooking the valley of the Rhône ensures that
eos 
eos Monte_Civetta ( 3,220 m ) is a mountain in the Dolomites , in the Province of Belluno in northern Italy . The north - western side of
eos 
eos 
eos 
eos Monte_Perdido ( Mont Perdu in French , both meaning lost mountain ) is the third highest mountain in the Pyrenees . The summit of
eos ( Mont Perdu in French , both meaning lost mountain ) is the third highest mountain in the Pyrenees . The summit of Monte_Perdido ( 3355 m ) , located in Spain , lies hidden from France by the seemingly impenetrable peaks of the Cirques of Gavarnie and Estaube . To get to
eos To get to Monte_Perdido from Spain is easier . Explorers first had to hike from the Aragonese village of Torla along the huge Ordesa Valley and then up through the Circo de Soaso before attempting the stiff climb to the summit .
eos 
eos Monte_Pissis is an extinct volcano in La Rioja Province , Argentina .
eos Monte_Pissis is an extinct volcano in La Rioja Province , Argentina . Monte_Pissis is the third highest in the Western Hemisphere , and Monte_Pissis is located about 550 km north of Aconcagua . Due to
eos Monte_Pissis is an extinct volcano in La Rioja Province , Argentina . Monte_Pissis is the third highest in the Western Hemisphere , and Monte_Pissis is located about 550 km north of Aconcagua . Due to Monte_Pissis location in the Atacama Desert ,
eos Monte_Pissis is the third highest in the Western Hemisphere , and Monte_Pissis is located about 550 km north of Aconcagua . Due to Monte_Pissis location in the Atacama Desert , Monte_Pissis has very dry conditions with snow only remaining on the peak during winter .
eos Due to Monte_Pissis location in the Atacama Desert , Monte_Pissis has very dry conditions with snow only remaining on the peak during winter . Monte_Pissis is very high and remote , however the ascent is but a hike , albeit a long one . In 1994 it was claimed by Argentine authorities that an advanced GPS survey had determined that the elevation of
eos Monte_Pissis is very high and remote , however the ascent is but a hike , albeit a long one . In 1994 it was claimed by Argentine authorities that an advanced GPS survey had determined that the elevation of Monte_Pissis was 6,882 m , and higher than Ojos del Salado , but SRTM data and several modern GPS surveys have proved that this widely reproduced and repeated claim is incorrect . In 2007 , a Chilean - European expedition performed a precise survey on both Ojos del Salado and
eos In 1994 it was claimed by Argentine authorities that an advanced GPS survey had determined that the elevation of Monte_Pissis was 6,882 m , and higher than Ojos del Salado , but SRTM data and several modern GPS surveys have proved that this widely reproduced and repeated claim is incorrect . In 2007 , a Chilean - European expedition performed a precise survey on both Ojos del Salado and Monte_Pissis , using more accurate instruments . It has provisionally found the former to be 6,891 m and
eos 
eos Monte_Roraima ( known as Cerro Roraima in Spanish , Monte Roraima in Portuguese ) , with a peak at 2,810 metres ( 8986 feet ) , is the highest of Venezuela 's distinctive table - top mountains , known as tepuis .
eos Monte_Roraima ( known as Cerro Roraima in Spanish , Monte Roraima in Portuguese ) , with a peak at 2,810 metres ( 8986 feet ) , is the highest of Venezuela 's distinctive table - top mountains , known as tepuis . Monte_Roraima marks the border between Venezuela , Brazil and Guyana , although more than three quarters of
eos Monte_Roraima ( known as Cerro Roraima in Spanish , Monte Roraima in Portuguese ) , with a peak at 2,810 metres ( 8986 feet ) , is the highest of Venezuela 's distinctive table - top mountains , known as tepuis . Monte_Roraima marks the border between Venezuela , Brazil and Guyana , although more than three quarters of Monte_Roraima is in Venezuelan territory .
eos Monte_Roraima is the highset mountain in Guyana , but Venezuela and Brazil have higher mountains . The triple border point on the summit is at 5 ° 12 ' 08N , 60 ° 44 ' 07W .
eos Monte_Roraima lies on the Guiana Shield in the southeastern corner of Venezuela 's 30,000 km ² Canaima National Park , which is roughly located in the Gran Sabana region . The tabletop mountains of the park are considered some of the oldest geological formations on Earth , dating back to the Precambrian Era , some two billion years ago . The average height of
eos Monte_Roraima lies on the Guiana Shield in the southeastern corner of Venezuela 's 30,000 km ² Canaima National Park , which is roughly located in the Gran Sabana region . The tabletop mountains of the park are considered some of the oldest geological formations on Earth , dating back to the Precambrian Era , some two billion years ago . The average height of Monte_Roraima is about 2,500 metres ( 8,200 feet ) , making
eos The average height of Monte_Roraima is about 2,500 metres ( 8,200 feet ) , making Monte_Roraima the highest point for distance of 549.44 kilometres ( 341.48 miles ) in any direction . The nearest peak that is taller is Cerro Marahuaca , to the west - southwest . Despite the fact the steep sides of Monte_Roraima make Monte_Roraima difficult to access ,
eos The average height of Monte_Roraima is about 2,500 metres ( 8,200 feet ) , making Monte_Roraima the highest point for distance of 549.44 kilometres ( 341.48 miles ) in any direction . The nearest peak that is taller is Cerro Marahuaca , to the west - southwest . Despite the fact the steep sides of
eos The average height of Monte_Roraima is about 2,500 metres ( 8,200 feet ) , making Monte_Roraima the highest point for distance of 549.44 kilometres ( 341.48 miles ) in any direction . The nearest peak that is taller is Cerro Marahuaca , to the west - southwest . Despite the fact the steep sides of Monte_Roraima make
eos Despite the fact the steep sides of Monte_Roraima make Monte_Roraima difficult to access , Monte_Roraima was the first major tepui to be climbed : Sir Everard i m Thurn walked up a forested ramp in december 1884 to scale
eos i m Thurn walked up a forested ramp in december 1884 to scale Monte_Roraima . This is the same route hikers take today . It is thought that the reports from early Victorian expeditions to
eos It is thought that the reports from early Victorian expeditions to Monte_Roraima inspired Sir Arthur Conan Doyle to write his classic adventure yarn , The Lost World , in 1912 - now made into countless films . Since long before the arrival of European explorers in Venezuela
eos It is thought that the reports from early Victorian expeditions to Monte_Roraima inspired Sir Arthur Conan Doyle to write his classic adventure yarn , The Lost World , in 1912 - now made into countless films . Since long before the arrival of European explorers in Venezuela Monte_Roraima has held a special significance for the indigenous people of the region and
eos The Lost World , in 1912 - now made into countless films . Since long before the arrival of European explorers in Venezuela Monte_Roraima has held a special significance for the indigenous people of the region and Monte_Roraima is central to many of their myths and legends . The Pemon Indians of the Gran Sabana see
eos 
eos Monte_San_Lorenzo , also known as Monte Cochrane , is a mountain on the border between Argentina and Chile .
eos 
eos Monte_San_Valentin , also known as Monte San Clemente , is the highest mountain in Chilean Patagonia and the highest mountain south of 40 ° S outside Antarctica .
eos Monte_San_Valentin , also known as Monte San Clemente , is the highest mountain in Chilean Patagonia and the highest mountain south of 40 ° S outside Antarctica . Monte_San_Valentin stands at the north end of the North Patagonian Icefield .
eos It was originally estimated at 3,876 m by Nordenskjold in 1921 but later thought to be 4,058 m . The latter is the most commonly quoted elevation and is quoted here . A group that climbed
eos 
eos Monte_Sarmiento is a pyramidal peak with a glaciated saddle - shaped summit located in Alberto de Agostini National Park , Chile .
eos Monte_Sarmiento is a pyramidal peak with a glaciated saddle - shaped summit located in Alberto de Agostini National Park , Chile . Monte_Sarmiento rises abruptly from the east shore of the Magdalena Channel and Monte_Sarmiento marks the western border of the Cordillera Darwin .
eos Monte_Sarmiento is a pyramidal peak with a glaciated saddle - shaped summit located in Alberto de Agostini National Park , Chile . Monte_Sarmiento rises abruptly from the east shore of the Magdalena Channel and Monte_Sarmiento marks the western border of the Cordillera Darwin . Monte_Sarmiento is frequently shrouded in clouds , but when
eos Monte_Sarmiento is a pyramidal peak with a glaciated saddle - shaped summit located in Alberto de Agostini National Park , Chile . Monte_Sarmiento rises abruptly from the east shore of the Magdalena Channel and Monte_Sarmiento marks the western border of the Cordillera Darwin . Monte_Sarmiento is frequently shrouded in clouds , but when Monte_Sarmiento is visible Monte_Sarmiento is ` ` the most sublime spectacle in Tierra del Fuego '' according the words of Charles Darwin , one of the many people who have been captivated by the breathtaking beauty of
eos 
eos Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire is the second highest mountain in New Hampshire , after Mt. Washington ( 6,288 ft ) , and Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire is the highest peak in the northeast United States which does not have an auto road to the summit . Located in the Northern Presidential Range ,
eos Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire is the second highest mountain in New Hampshire , after Mt. Washington ( 6,288 ft ) , and Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire is the highest peak in the northeast United States which does not have an auto road to the summit . Located in the Northern Presidential Range , Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire was named after John Adams , the second president of the United States .
eos Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire was given this name on july 31 , 1820 . To the north and east is Mount Madison and to the south and west is Mount Jefferson . There are two major subsidiary peaks of
eos There are two major subsidiary peaks of Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire : Mount Sam Adams and Mount Quincy Adams , named after John Adams ' cousin , Revolutionary leader Samuel Adams , and son , President John Quincy Adams , respectively . These peaks along with the two other sub - peaks , Adams 4 and Adams 5 are collectively referred to as the ` ` Adams Family '' of peaks . The northern side of the mountain ridge is located in Low and Burbank 's Grant , and the end of Durand Ridge , and King Ravine , on the north side of
eos The northern side of the mountain ridge is located in Low and Burbank 's Grant , and the end of Durand Ridge , and King Ravine , on the north side of Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire are in the town of Randolph ( formerly Durand ) . The entire south side of the mountain ridge is in Thompson and Meserve 's Purchase . The Appalachian Trail traverses the col between
eos The entire south side of the mountain ridge is in Thompson and Meserve 's Purchase . The Appalachian Trail traverses the col between Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire and Mount Sam Adams , on a path called ` ` Gulfside Trail . '' The Randolph Mountain Club ( RMC ) maintains the trails and several huts and shelters high on
eos The Randolph Mountain Club ( RMC ) maintains the trails and several huts and shelters high on Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire north side , including ` ` The Perch , '' ` ` Crag Camp , '' ` ` The Log Cabin , '' and ` ` Gray Knob . '' An amazing network of hiking and climbing paths lead south to the huts and ridges from several parking areas located on US Highway 2 . Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire is considered to be a sacred peak by the Aetherians , who believe
eos The Randolph Mountain Club ( RMC ) maintains the trails and several huts and shelters high on Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire north side , including ` ` The Perch , '' ` ` Crag Camp , '' ` ` The Log Cabin , '' and ` ` Gray Knob . '' An amazing network of hiking and climbing paths lead south to the huts and ridges from several parking areas located on US Highway 2 .
eos 
eos Mount_Agad-Agad is a mountain Located in Iligan City , Philippines
eos Mount_Agad-Agad is a mountain Located in Iligan City , Philippines Mount_Agad-Agad has an estimated height 1,600 feet above sea level .
eos Mount_Agad-Agad is a mountain Located in Iligan City , Philippines Mount_Agad-Agad has an estimated height 1,600 feet above sea level . Mount_Agad-Agad affords a full view of Iligan City by night or day , ideal for the adventurous type , hikers and mountaineers .
eos Mount_Agad-Agad affords a full view of Iligan City by night or day , ideal for the adventurous type , hikers and mountaineers . Mount_Agad-Agad is very accessible and Mount_Agad-Agad is good for mountain hikings and overnight campings . A small waterfall is featured on the way to the top of
eos 
eos Mount_Agung or Gunung Agung is a mountain in Bali . This stratovolcano is the highest point on the island .
eos This stratovolcano is the highest point on the island . Mount_Agung dominates the surrounding area influencing the climate . The clouds come from the west and
eos Mount_Agung dominates the surrounding area influencing the climate . The clouds come from the west and Mount_Agung takes their water so that the west is lush and green and the east dry and barren .
eos The clouds come from the west and Mount_Agung takes their water so that the west is lush and green and the east dry and barren . Mount_Agung last erupted in 1963 - 64 and Mount_Agung is still active , with a large and very deep crater which occasionally belches smoke and ash . From a distance ,
eos Mount_Agung last erupted in 1963 - 64 and Mount_Agung is still active , with a large and very deep crater which occasionally belches smoke and ash . From a distance , Mount_Agung appears to be perfectly conical , despite the existence of the large crater . From the peak of
eos 
eos Mount_Albert_Edward_Papua_New_Guinea is a 3,990 metre high mountain in the Wharton Range in Central Province , Papua New Guinea .
eos Mount_Albert_Edward_Papua_New_Guinea is a 3,990 metre high mountain in the Wharton Range in Central Province , Papua New Guinea . Mount_Albert_Edward_Papua_New_Guinea consists of two peaks about 400 metres apart , a cross marks the top of the slightly higher western peak and a trig station marks the eastern peak .
eos 
eos Mount_Alverstone , or Boundary Peak 180 , is a high peak in the Saint Elias Mountains , on the border between Alaska and the Yukon Territory .
eos Mount_Alverstone , or Boundary Peak 180 , is a high peak in the Saint Elias Mountains , on the border between Alaska and the Yukon Territory . Mount_Alverstone shares a large massif with the higher Mount Hubbard to the south and the slightly lower Mount Kennedy to the east . The summit of
eos 
eos Mount_Aniakchak is a caldera ( about 10 km in diameter ) located in the Aleutian Range of Alaska , United States . The area around
eos Mount_Aniakchak is a caldera ( about 10 km in diameter ) located in the Aleutian Range of Alaska , United States . The area around Mount_Aniakchak is the Aniakchak National Monument and Preserve , maintained by the National Park Service .
eos Mount_Aniakchak is an extant volcano - at least ten lava flows have occurred since the formation of the caldera in 1645 B.C. ; the most recent was in 1931 . Surprise Lake within the caldera is the source of the Aniakchak River , a National Wild River . In november of 1967 ,
eos 
eos Mount_Antero ( "" IPA : ænˈtɛɹoʊ "" ) is the tenth highest peak in Colorado , with an elevation of 14,269 ft ( 4,349 m ) .
eos ( "" IPA : ænˈtɛɹoʊ "" ) is the tenth highest peak in Colorado , with an elevation of 14,269 ft ( 4,349 m ) . Mount_Antero is named for Chief Antero of the Uintah band of Utes .
eos Mount_Antero is named for Chief Antero of the Uintah band of Utes . Mount_Antero is located in the central Sawatch Range in Chaffee County between the towns of Buena Vista and Salida .
eos Mount_Antero is named for Chief Antero of the Uintah band of Utes . Mount_Antero is located in the central Sawatch Range in Chaffee County between the towns of Buena Vista and Salida . Mount_Antero is prized for
eos Mount_Antero is located in the central Sawatch Range in Chaffee County between the towns of Buena Vista and Salida . Mount_Antero is prized for Mount_Antero gemstone deposits and Mount_Antero has one of the highest concentrations of aquamarine in the country . There are several active private mining claims being exploited on
eos Mount_Antero is prized for Mount_Antero gemstone deposits and Mount_Antero has one of the highest concentrations of aquamarine in the country . There are several active private mining claims being exploited on Mount_Antero and surrounding peaks .
eos There are several active private mining claims being exploited on Mount_Antero and surrounding peaks . Mount_Antero is located entirely within the San Isabel National Forest , due south of the more visually prominent Mount Princeton . There are two popular climbing routes on
eos The other route follows the same forest road from the north up Baldwin Creek . This route has heavy mining and tourist traffic in fair weather during the summer months .
eos This route has heavy mining and tourist traffic in fair weather during the summer months . Mount_Antero was surveyed by the Pike Expedition in 1806 . A forest service sign at the Browns Creek trailhead commemorates the expedition camp at the eastern base of
eos 
eos Mount_Apo is a large stratovolcano on the island of Mindanao in the Philippines .
eos Mount_Apo is a large stratovolcano on the island of Mindanao in the Philippines . Mount_Apo is the highest mountain in the country and Mount_Apo overlooks Davao City , a few kilometres to the northeast .
eos Mount_Apo is the highest mountain in the country and Mount_Apo overlooks Davao City , a few kilometres to the northeast . Mount_Apo name means ` ` master '' or ` ` grandfather '' .
eos Mount_Apo name means ` ` master '' or ` ` grandfather '' . Mount_Apo is flat topped , with three peaks , and Mount_Apo is capped by a 500 m wide volcanic crater containing a small crater lake .
eos Mount_Apo name means ` ` master '' or ` ` grandfather '' . Mount_Apo is flat topped , with three peaks , and Mount_Apo is capped by a 500 m wide volcanic crater containing a small crater lake . Mount_Apo is a source of geothermal energy , but the date of
eos Mount_Apo is flat topped , with three peaks , and Mount_Apo is capped by a 500 m wide volcanic crater containing a small crater lake . Mount_Apo is a source of geothermal energy , but the date of Mount_Apo most recent eruption is unknown , and none are verified in historic times .
eos Mount_Apo is a source of geothermal energy , but the date of Mount_Apo most recent eruption is unknown , and none are verified in historic times . Mount_Apo is one of the most popular climbing destinations in the Philippines , and the summit is easy to reach .
eos 
eos Mount_Aragats ( ` ` Արագած '' in Armenian ) is the highest point in Armenia located in the province of Aragatsotn , northwest from Yerevan .
eos Mount_Aragats ( ` ` Արագած '' in Armenian ) is the highest point in Armenia located in the province of Aragatsotn , northwest from Yerevan . Mount_Aragats is a standalone extinct stratovolcano with four main peaks forming the rim of the crater , and Mount_Aragats is a popular destination for local alpinists . Located on
eos Located on Mount_Aragats slopes are the Byurakan Observatory and the medieval Amberd Fortress . The observatory is known worldwide , and it is one of the main observatories in the world .
eos The observatory is known worldwide , and it is one of the main observatories in the world . Mount_Aragats is a popular destination for tourists , especially in summer . To the south of
eos 
eos Mount_Asgard is a twin peaked mountain with two flat - topped cylindrical rock towers , separated by a saddle .
eos Mount_Asgard is a twin peaked mountain with two flat - topped cylindrical rock towers , separated by a saddle . Mount_Asgard is located in Auyuittuq National Park , on the Cumberland Peninsula of Baffin Island , Nunavut , Canada .
eos Mount_Asgard is located in Auyuittuq National Park , on the Cumberland Peninsula of Baffin Island , Nunavut , Canada . Mount_Asgard is named after Asgard , the realm of the gods in Norse Mythology .
eos Mount_Asgard is named after Asgard , the realm of the gods in Norse Mythology . Mount_Asgard is perhaps the most famous of the Baffin Mountains .
eos Mount_Asgard is perhaps the most famous of the Baffin Mountains . Mount_Asgard slightly higher North Peak was first ascended in 1953 by H Webber , J Marmet , and Rothlisberger . In 1976 , stuntman Rick Sylvester performed a BASE jump off
eos 
eos Mount_Aspiring is New Zealand 's highest mountain outside the Mount Cook region . Set within the South Island 's Mount Aspiring National Park ,
eos Mount_Aspiring is New Zealand 's highest mountain outside the Mount Cook region . Set within the South Island 's Mount Aspiring National Park , Mount_Aspiring has a height of 3,033 metres . Māori named
eos Māori named Mount_Aspiring Tititea , which translates as Glistening Peak . Named in december 1857 by the Chief Surveyor for the Otago Province , John Turnbull Thompson .
eos Mount_Aspiring lies at the junction of three major glacial systems - the Bonar Glacier , which drains into the Waipara River , and the Volta and Therma Glaciers , which both drain into the Waitoto River . The Waipara is a tributary of the Arawhata River , and both the Arawhata and Waitoto Rivers flow out to the west coast in between Haast and Jackson Bay .
eos 
eos 
eos Mount_Baker ( elevation 10,778 feet , 3,285 m ) is a glaciated andesitic stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and the Cascades of Washington State in the United States about due east of the city of Bellingham , Whatcom County .
eos Mount_Baker ( elevation 10,778 feet , 3,285 m ) is a glaciated andesitic stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and the Cascades of Washington State in the United States about due east of the city of Bellingham , Whatcom County . Mount_Baker is also easily visible from much of Greater Victoria , Greater Vancouver and the Fraser Valley just across the Canadian border to the north , and especially from the communities of Mission and Abbotsford , both about 28 mi east of Vancouver , BC - as well as from some locations in Everett and even Seattle to the southwest . Local Native Americans call
eos Mount_Baker ( elevation 10,778 feet , 3,285 m ) is a glaciated andesitic stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and the Cascades of Washington State in the United States about due east of the city of Bellingham , Whatcom County . Mount_Baker is also easily visible from much of Greater Victoria , Greater Vancouver and the Fraser Valley just across the Canadian border to the north , and especially from the communities of Mission and Abbotsford , both about 28 mi east of Vancouver , BC - as well as from some locations in Everett and even Seattle to the southwest . Local Native Americans call Mount_Baker ` ` Koma Kulshan , '' but the explorer George Vancouver named
eos Mount_Baker ( elevation 10,778 feet , 3,285 m ) is a glaciated andesitic stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and the Cascades of Washington State in the United States about due east of the city of Bellingham , Whatcom County . Mount_Baker is also easily visible from much of Greater Victoria , Greater Vancouver and the Fraser Valley just across the Canadian border to the north , and especially from the communities of Mission and Abbotsford , both about 28 mi east of Vancouver , BC - as well as from some locations in Everett and even Seattle to the southwest . Local Native Americans call Mount_Baker ` ` Koma Kulshan , '' but the explorer George Vancouver named Mount_Baker for 3rd Lieutenant Joseph Baker of the HMS Discovery , who on april 30 , 1792 became the first European to see
eos Mount_Baker is also easily visible from much of Greater Victoria , Greater Vancouver and the Fraser Valley just across the Canadian border to the north , and especially from the communities of Mission and Abbotsford , both about 28 mi east of Vancouver , BC - as well as from some locations in Everett and even Seattle to the southwest . Local Native Americans call Mount_Baker ` ` Koma Kulshan , '' but the explorer George Vancouver named Mount_Baker for 3rd Lieutenant Joseph Baker of the HMS Discovery , who on april 30 , 1792 became the first European to see Mount_Baker . After Mount Rainier ,
eos Mount_Baker is also easily visible from much of Greater Victoria , Greater Vancouver and the Fraser Valley just across the Canadian border to the north , and especially from the communities of Mission and Abbotsford , both about 28 mi east of Vancouver , BC - as well as from some locations in Everett and even Seattle to the southwest . Local Native Americans call Mount_Baker ` ` Koma Kulshan , '' but the explorer George Vancouver named Mount_Baker for 3rd Lieutenant Joseph Baker of the HMS Discovery , who on april 30 , 1792 became the first European to see Mount_Baker . After Mount Rainier , Mount_Baker is the most heavily glaciated of the Cascade volcanoes : the volume of snow and ice on
eos Local Native Americans call Mount_Baker ` ` Koma Kulshan , '' but the explorer George Vancouver named Mount_Baker for 3rd Lieutenant Joseph Baker of the HMS Discovery , who on april 30 , 1792 became the first European to see Mount_Baker . After Mount Rainier , Mount_Baker is the most heavily glaciated of the Cascade volcanoes : the volume of snow and ice on Mount_Baker ( 0.43 cubic miles , 1.8 cubic kilometers ) is greater than that of all the other Cascades volcanoes ( except Rainier ) combined .
eos 
eos Mount_Ball is a mountain located on the Continental Divide , on the borders of Banff and Kootenay national parks in Canada .
eos Mount_Ball is a mountain located on the Continental Divide , on the borders of Banff and Kootenay national parks in Canada . Mount_Ball is the highest peak of the Ball Range .
eos Mount_Ball is the highest peak of the Ball Range . Mount_Ball was named in 1858 by James Hector after John Ball , a politician who helped secure funding for the Palliser Expedition .
eos 
eos Mount_Bangeta is the highest mountain in Morobe Province , Papua New Guinea .
eos Mount_Bangeta is the highest mountain in Morobe Province , Papua New Guinea . Mount_Bangeta lies in the Saruwaged Range and at 4121 m
eos 
eos Mount_Bassie is a large mountain in the center of Baranof Island , Alaska - close to the town of Sitka .
eos Mount_Bassie is a large mountain in the center of Baranof Island , Alaska - close to the town of Sitka . Mount_Bassie is a massive hulk of rock ,
eos Mount_Bassie is a large mountain in the center of Baranof Island , Alaska - close to the town of Sitka . Mount_Bassie is a massive hulk of rock , Mount_Bassie footprint covering nearly five square miles .
eos Mount_Bassie is a massive hulk of rock , Mount_Bassie footprint covering nearly five square miles . Mount_Bassie is bordered by the Blue Lake and Medvejie Lake watersheds and the Baranof River watershed , effectively splitting the island in two ( one can see both Chatham Strait and the Pacific Ocean from the peak or surrounding ridges ) .
eos Mount_Bassie is bordered by the Blue Lake and Medvejie Lake watersheds and the Baranof River watershed , effectively splitting the island in two ( one can see both Chatham Strait and the Pacific Ocean from the peak or surrounding ridges ) . Mount_Bassie is adjacent to Camp Lake from which ascents typically originate .
eos Mount_Bassie is bordered by the Blue Lake and Medvejie Lake watersheds and the Baranof River watershed , effectively splitting the island in two ( one can see both Chatham Strait and the Pacific Ocean from the peak or surrounding ridges ) . Mount_Bassie is adjacent to Camp Lake from which ascents typically originate . Mount_Bassie is fairly isolated in terms of sister peaks and Mount_Bassie has only two modest lower ridges running off the south and north sides of
eos Mount_Bassie is adjacent to Camp Lake from which ascents typically originate . Mount_Bassie is fairly isolated in terms of sister peaks and Mount_Bassie has only two modest lower ridges running off the south and north sides of Mount_Bassie . The rest of
eos Mount_Bassie is fairly isolated in terms of sister peaks and Mount_Bassie has only two modest lower ridges running off the south and north sides of Mount_Bassie . The rest of Mount_Bassie slopes down steeply into surrounding river valleys .
eos 
eos ignimbrite , has been dated at about 23,670 and 28,500 years ago ( Wheller 1986 , Sutawidjaja et al . 1992 ) . The SE wall of the inner caldera lies beneath Lake Batur ; Batur cone has been constructed within the inner caldera to a height above the outer caldera rim .
eos Basaltic lava flows from both summit and flank vents have reached the caldera floor and the shores of Lake Batur in historical time . The caldera contains an active , 700-metre - tall stratovolcano rising above the surface of Lake Batur . The first historically documented eruption of
eos Basaltic lava flows from both summit and flank vents have reached the caldera floor and the shores of Lake Batur in historical time . The caldera contains an active , 700-metre - tall stratovolcano rising above the surface of Lake Batur . The first historically documented eruption of Mount_Batur was in 1804 , and
eos 
eos Mount_Baxter_California is a peak along the crest of the Sierra Nevada Mountains in California , USA .
eos Mount_Baxter_California is a peak along the crest of the Sierra Nevada Mountains in California , USA . Mount_Baxter_California lies within the John Muir Wilderness , just north of Baxter Pass . A flock of protected bighorn sheep live in the vicinity of
eos Mount_Baxter_California lies within the John Muir Wilderness , just north of Baxter Pass . A flock of protected bighorn sheep live in the vicinity of Mount_Baxter_California . Because of this , access to
eos A flock of protected bighorn sheep live in the vicinity of Mount_Baxter_California . Because of this , access to Mount_Baxter_California is limited to december 15 through july 1 of every year .
eos Because of this , access to Mount_Baxter_California is limited to december 15 through july 1 of every year . Mount_Baxter_California is to the northeast of the Rae Lakes , a popular backpacking destination along the John Muir Trail .
eos 
eos Mount_Bear is a high , glaciated peak in the Saint Elias Range of Alaska .
eos Mount_Bear is a high , glaciated peak in the Saint Elias Range of Alaska . Mount_Bear lies within Wrangell - Saint Elias National Park , about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) west of the Yukon border . The Barnard Glacier flows from
eos Mount_Bear lies within Wrangell - Saint Elias National Park , about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) west of the Yukon border . The Barnard Glacier flows from Mount_Bear southwest slopes , while the Klutlan Glacier lies to the north .
eos Mount_Bear lies within Wrangell - Saint Elias National Park , about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) west of the Yukon border . The Barnard Glacier flows from Mount_Bear southwest slopes , while the Klutlan Glacier lies to the north . Mount_Bear principal claim to fame is that
eos The Barnard Glacier flows from Mount_Bear southwest slopes , while the Klutlan Glacier lies to the north . Mount_Bear principal claim to fame is that Mount_Bear is a fourteener , and in fact one of the highest 20 peaks in the United States . Despite
eos The Barnard Glacier flows from Mount_Bear southwest slopes , while the Klutlan Glacier lies to the north . Mount_Bear principal claim to fame is that Mount_Bear is a fourteener , and in fact one of the highest 20 peaks in the United States . Despite Mount_Bear height ,
eos Mount_Bear principal claim to fame is that Mount_Bear is a fourteener , and in fact one of the highest 20 peaks in the United States . Despite Mount_Bear height , Mount_Bear is a little - visited peak , being surrounded by higher and better - known peaks such as Mount Bona on the west , and Mount Lucania and Mount Logan on the east . However
eos 
eos Mount_Belford is a mountain peak over fourteen thousand feet in elevation in the US state of Colorado .
eos Mount_Belford is a mountain peak over fourteen thousand feet in elevation in the US state of Colorado . Mount_Belford is located in the Collegiate Peaks , a group of mountains in the central Sawatch Range , just west of the Arkansas River in Chaffee County .
eos Mount_Belford is located in the Collegiate Peaks , a group of mountains in the central Sawatch Range , just west of the Arkansas River in Chaffee County . Mount_Belford lies near Mount Oxford and Missouri Mountain , and Mount_Belford is often climbed in conjunction with one or both of these peaks .
eos 
eos Mount_Berlin is the sixth highest volcano in Antarctica , located 16 km west of Mount Moulton in Marie Byrd Land near the eastern coast of the Ross Sea .
eos The volcanic structure is considered active , as steaming fumaroles have been observed near the rim of the northern and western calderas , producing fumarolic ice towers . Discovered by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition on flights to the NE and E of Little America in november - december 1934 . Named ` ` Mount Hal Flood '' by Byrd , but the name Flood is now applied to the entire mountain range of which
eos Discovered by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition on flights to the NE and E of Little America in november - december 1934 . Named ` ` Mount Hal Flood '' by Byrd , but the name Flood is now applied to the entire mountain range of which Mount_Berlin is a part . Named by the US - SCAN for Leonard M Berlin , leader of the USAS party which sledged to
eos 
eos Mount_Binaiya ( Indonesian : Gunung Binaia ) is the highest point on the Indonesian island of Seram ( or Ceram ) .
eos 
eos Mount_Blackmore is located in Gallatin National Forest , in the US state of Montana . Located near the East Gallatin River , Gallatin County ,
eos Mount_Blackmore is located in Gallatin National Forest , in the US state of Montana . Located near the East Gallatin River , Gallatin County , Mount_Blackmore is in the Gallatin Range . Ferdinand Vandeveer Hayden 's survey expedition of the Yellowstone area named
eos 
eos Mount_Bona is one of the major mountains of the Saint Elias Mountains in eastern Alaska , and Mount_Bona is the fifth highest independent peak in the United States .
eos Mount_Bona is one of the major mountains of the Saint Elias Mountains in eastern Alaska , and Mount_Bona is the fifth highest independent peak in the United States . Mount_Bona and
eos Mount_Bona is one of the major mountains of the Saint Elias Mountains in eastern Alaska , and Mount_Bona is the fifth highest independent peak in the United States . Mount_Bona and Mount_Bona adjacent neighbor Mount Churchill are both large ice - covered stratovolcanoes .
eos Mount_Bona and Mount_Bona adjacent neighbor Mount Churchill are both large ice - covered stratovolcanoes . Mount_Bona has the distinction of being the highest volcano in the United States and the fourth highest in North America , outranked only by the three highest Mexican volcanoes , Pico de Orizaba , Popocatépetl , and Iztaccíhuatl .
eos Mount_Bona has the distinction of being the highest volcano in the United States and the fourth highest in North America , outranked only by the three highest Mexican volcanoes , Pico de Orizaba , Popocatépetl , and Iztaccíhuatl . Mount_Bona massif is covered almost entirely by icefields and glaciers , and it is the principal source of ice for the Klutlan Glacier , which flows east for over 40 mi into the Yukon Territory of Canada .
eos Mount_Bona massif is covered almost entirely by icefields and glaciers , and it is the principal source of ice for the Klutlan Glacier , which flows east for over 40 mi into the Yukon Territory of Canada . Mount_Bona also contributes a large volume of ice to the north - flowing Russell Glacier system .
eos Mount_Bona also contributes a large volume of ice to the north - flowing Russell Glacier system . Mount_Bona was named by Prince Luigi Amedeo , Duke of the Abruzzi in 1897 , who saw the peak while making the first ascent of Mount Saint Elias about 80 miles ( 130 km ) to the southeast . He named
eos Mount_Bona was named by Prince Luigi Amedeo , Duke of the Abruzzi in 1897 , who saw the peak while making the first ascent of Mount Saint Elias about 80 miles ( 130 km ) to the southeast . He named Mount_Bona after the Bona , his racing yacht .
eos 
eos Mount_Boucherie is the remnants of a former stratovolcano created nearly 60 million years ago . Between four and six different glacial periods over the past 50 million years have eroded the volcano to produce
eos 
eos Sliabh Bhreandáin or Cnoc Bréanainn ) is a mountain on the Dingle Peninsula , in Co. . Kerry , in the west of Ireland .
eos Sliabh Bhreandáin or Cnoc Bréanainn ) is a mountain on the Dingle Peninsula , in Co. . Kerry , in the west of Ireland . Mount_Brandon takes
eos Kerry , in the west of Ireland . Mount_Brandon takes Mount_Brandon name from Saint Brendan ` ` The Navigator '' , who legend suggests climbed to the summit around AD 530 to see The Americas , before setting sail . The small village of Brandon lies at the foot of
eos Mount_Brandon takes Mount_Brandon name from Saint Brendan ` ` The Navigator '' , who legend suggests climbed to the summit around AD 530 to see The Americas , before setting sail . The small village of Brandon lies at the foot of Mount_Brandon , on the north side .
eos The small village of Brandon lies at the foot of Mount_Brandon , on the north side . Mount_Brandon is part of the unnamed central mountain range of the Dingle Peninsula , which were formed 300 million years ago , and forming an impressive high ridge which extends for across the peninsula and taking in the other peaks of Barr an Ghéaráin ( Brandon Peak ) , Piaras Mór , and Más an Tiompán , .
eos The small village of Brandon lies at the foot of Mount_Brandon , on the north side . Mount_Brandon is part of the unnamed central mountain range of the Dingle Peninsula , which were formed 300 million years ago , and forming an impressive high ridge which extends for across the peninsula and taking in the other peaks of Barr an Ghéaráin ( Brandon Peak ) , Piaras Mór , and Más an Tiompán , . Mount_Brandon owes
eos The small village of Brandon lies at the foot of Mount_Brandon , on the north side . Mount_Brandon is part of the unnamed central mountain range of the Dingle Peninsula , which were formed 300 million years ago , and forming an impressive high ridge which extends for across the peninsula and taking in the other peaks of Barr an Ghéaráin ( Brandon Peak ) , Piaras Mór , and Más an Tiompán , . Mount_Brandon owes Mount_Brandon craggy shape thanks to the work of local glaciers during the Ice age , which gouged out a series of corries ( cooms ) on the eastern flank of
eos Mount_Brandon owes Mount_Brandon craggy shape thanks to the work of local glaciers during the Ice age , which gouged out a series of corries ( cooms ) on the eastern flank of Mount_Brandon . Running in a line almost all the way to the summit are the Pater Noster Lakes , a series of rock steps each of which are occupied by a lake , the largest being Loch Cruite . The summit of
eos Running in a line almost all the way to the summit are the Pater Noster Lakes , a series of rock steps each of which are occupied by a lake , the largest being Loch Cruite . The summit of Mount_Brandon is rounded and smooth due to the fact that it was never covered by ice , and presents a stark contrast to the conical top of Brandon Peak , which is almost Alpine in appearance . The Western slope of
eos Running in a line almost all the way to the summit are the Pater Noster Lakes , a series of rock steps each of which are occupied by a lake , the largest being Loch Cruite . The summit of Mount_Brandon is rounded and smooth due to the fact that it was never covered by ice , and presents a stark contrast to the conical top of Brandon Peak , which is almost Alpine in appearance . The Western slope of Mount_Brandon presents a huge contrast from
eos 
eos Mount_Brazeau is a mountain in Alberta , Canada .
eos Mount_Brazeau is a mountain in Alberta , Canada . Mount_Brazeau is located in the upper Coronet Creek Valley of Jasper National Park , and Mount_Brazeau stands west of the Coronet Glacier and south of Maligne Lake .
eos 
eos Mount_Bross is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado , located approximately 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) south of Mount Lincoln in the Mosquito Range .
eos Mount_Bross is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado , located approximately 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) south of Mount Lincoln in the Mosquito Range . Mount_Bross lies in northwestern Park County . With a topographic prominence in the range of 292 to 332 feet ( 89 to 101 m ) ,
eos Mount_Bross lies in northwestern Park County . With a topographic prominence in the range of 292 to 332 feet ( 89 to 101 m ) , Mount_Bross barely qualifies as an independent peak by the standard 300 foot prominence rule .
eos 
eos Mount_Bryce is a mountain at the southwestern corner of the Columbia Icefield , in British Columbia near the border with Alberta .
eos Mount_Bryce is a mountain at the southwestern corner of the Columbia Icefield , in British Columbia near the border with Alberta . Mount_Bryce can be seen from the Icefields Parkway .
eos Mount_Bryce can be seen from the Icefields Parkway . Mount_Bryce was named in 1898 by J Norman Collie after Viscount James Bryce , who was President of the Alpine Club in London at the time .
eos Mount_Bryce was named in 1898 by J Norman Collie after Viscount James Bryce , who was President of the Alpine Club in London at the time . Mount_Bryce is the fifteenth highest peak in British Columbia . However
eos Mount_Bryce was named in 1898 by J Norman Collie after Viscount James Bryce , who was President of the Alpine Club in London at the time . Mount_Bryce is the fifteenth highest peak in British Columbia . However Mount_Bryce is more notable for
eos Mount_Bryce is the fifteenth highest peak in British Columbia . However Mount_Bryce is more notable for Mount_Bryce large local relief above the nearby valleys to the south , east , and west . To the north
eos However Mount_Bryce is more notable for Mount_Bryce large local relief above the nearby valleys to the south , east , and west . To the north Mount_Bryce is connected by ridges to the Columbia Icefield .
eos 
eos Mount_Buller_Victoria is a mountain in the Australian Alps . The summit of
eos Mount_Buller_Victoria is a mountain in the Australian Alps . The summit of Mount_Buller_Victoria can be reached by vehicle via the village coupled with a 500 m short walk . It is also possible to climb
eos 
eos Mount_Cameroon is an active volcano in Cameroon near the Gulf of Guinea .
eos Mount_Cameroon is an active volcano in Cameroon near the Gulf of Guinea . Mount_Cameroon is also known as Cameroon Mountain or Fako ( the name of the higher of
eos Mount_Cameroon is an active volcano in Cameroon near the Gulf of Guinea . Mount_Cameroon is also known as Cameroon Mountain or Fako ( the name of the higher of Mount_Cameroon two peaks ) or by
eos 
eos Mount_Carleton , in Mount Carleton Provincial Park , is the highest elevation in the Canadian province of New Brunswick , and Mount_Carleton is also the highest peak in the Canadian Maritime Provinces .
eos Mount_Carleton , in Mount Carleton Provincial Park , is the highest elevation in the Canadian province of New Brunswick , and Mount_Carleton is also the highest peak in the Canadian Maritime Provinces . Mount_Carleton is one of the highlights of the Canadian portion of the International Appalachian Trail .
eos A very similar hut was maintained on Big Bald Mountain . Triangulation among these huts and other fire towers allowed the locations of wildfires to be determined quickly and easily .
eos Triangulation among these huts and other fire towers allowed the locations of wildfires to be determined quickly and easily . Mount_Carleton is a monadnock , an erosional remnant of resistant igneous rocks that remained after an ancient Mesozoic peneplain surface was uplifted in the Cenozoic to form a plateau , and subsequently dissected via millions of years of erosion by wind , water and glacial ice .
eos 
eos Mount_Caubvick ( known as Mont D'Iberville in Quebec ) is a mountain located on the border between Labrador and Quebec in the Selamiut Range of the Torngat Mountains .
eos Mount_Caubvick ( known as Mont D'Iberville in Quebec ) is a mountain located on the border between Labrador and Quebec in the Selamiut Range of the Torngat Mountains . Mount_Caubvick is the highest point in mainland Canada east of Alberta .
eos Mount_Caubvick relatively low elevation disguises a massive peak that rises sharply from nearby sea levels . Craggy ridges , steep cirques and glaciers are prominent features of the peak .
eos Craggy ridges , steep cirques and glaciers are prominent features of the peak . Mount_Caubvick was named Mont d'Iberville by the Quebec government in 1971 .
eos Craggy ridges , steep cirques and glaciers are prominent features of the peak . Mount_Caubvick was named Mont d'Iberville by the Quebec government in 1971 . Mount_Caubvick remained nameless on the Labrador side for several years ,
eos Mount_Caubvick was named Mont d'Iberville by the Quebec government in 1971 . Mount_Caubvick remained nameless on the Labrador side for several years , Mount_Caubvick became unofficially know as L1 , L for Labrador and 1 for highest . In 1981 , on the suggestion of Dr. Peter Neary , the provincial government named
eos Mount_Caubvick remained nameless on the Labrador side for several years , Mount_Caubvick became unofficially know as L1 , L for Labrador and 1 for highest . In 1981 , on the suggestion of Dr. Peter Neary , the provincial government named Mount_Caubvick after one of the five Inuit who accompanied George Cartwright to England in 1772 .
eos 
eos Mount_Celeste is a mountain located on Vancouver Island , British Columbia .
eos Mount_Celeste is a mountain located on Vancouver Island , British Columbia . Mount_Celeste shares the name Celeste with two peaks in the BC Cariboo . Within the boundaries of Strathcona Provincial Park ,
eos 
eos Mount_Chephren is a mountain located in the Mistaya River Valley of Banff National Park , Canada .
eos Mount_Chephren is a mountain located in the Mistaya River Valley of Banff National Park , Canada . Mount_Chephren was named after Chephren , the pharaon .
eos Mount_Chephren is a mountain located in the Mistaya River Valley of Banff National Park , Canada . Mount_Chephren was named after Chephren , the pharaon . Mount_Chephren was originally named Pyramid Mountain in 1897 by J Norman Collie , but it conflicted with an identically named peak in Jasper National Park , so
eos Mount_Chephren is a mountain located in the Mistaya River Valley of Banff National Park , Canada . Mount_Chephren was named after Chephren , the pharaon . Mount_Chephren was originally named Pyramid Mountain in 1897 by J Norman Collie , but it conflicted with an identically named peak in Jasper National Park , so Mount_Chephren was renamed in 1918 to
eos 
eos Mount_Chester is located in the Smith - Dorrien Creek Valley of Kananaskis in the Canadian Rockies .
eos 
eos 
eos Mount_Churchill is a volcano in the Saint Elias Mountains and the Wrangell Volcanic Field of eastern Alaska .
eos Mount_Churchill is a volcano in the Saint Elias Mountains and the Wrangell Volcanic Field of eastern Alaska . Mount_Churchill and
eos Mount_Churchill is a volcano in the Saint Elias Mountains and the Wrangell Volcanic Field of eastern Alaska . Mount_Churchill and Mount_Churchill higher neighbor Mount Bona about 2 mi to the southwest are both large ice - covered stratovolcanoes , with
eos 
eos Mount_Clemenceau is the fourth highest mountain in the Canadian Rockies .
eos Mount_Clemenceau is the fourth highest mountain in the Canadian Rockies . Mount_Clemenceau was originally named ` ` Pyramid '' in 1892 by Arthur Coleman .
eos Mount_Clemenceau is the fourth highest mountain in the Canadian Rockies . Mount_Clemenceau was originally named ` ` Pyramid '' in 1892 by Arthur Coleman . Mount_Clemenceau was renamed by the Interprovincial Boundary Survey in 1919 to
eos Mount_Clemenceau was originally named ` ` Pyramid '' in 1892 by Arthur Coleman . Mount_Clemenceau was renamed by the Interprovincial Boundary Survey in 1919 to Mount_Clemenceau present name , which is for Georges Clemenceau , premier of France during World War I
eos 
eos Mount_Collie is a mountain in Yoho National Park , located on the western boundary of the Wapta Icefield in Canada .
eos 
eos Mount_Colonel_Foster is a mountain located on Vancouver Island , British Columbia . At 2135 m ,
eos Mount_Colonel_Foster is a mountain located on Vancouver Island , British Columbia . At 2135 m , Mount_Colonel_Foster is fouth the highest peak on the island .
eos At 2135 m , Mount_Colonel_Foster is fouth the highest peak on the island . Mount_Colonel_Foster is regarded as the ` ` unrivalled alpine climbing mecca '' of British Columbia .
eos 
eos Mount_Columbia_Alberta is the highest point in Alberta , Canada and the second highest peak in the Canadian Rockies .
eos Mount_Columbia_Alberta is the highest point in Alberta , Canada and the second highest peak in the Canadian Rockies . Mount_Columbia_Alberta is located on the border between Alberta and British Columbia in the Columbia Icefield .
eos 
eos Mount_Cory_Alberta is a mountain located in the Bow River Valley in southeast Banff National Park , Canada .
eos 
eos Mount_Damavand ( "" Persian : دماوند "" ) also known as Donbavand , is a dormant volcano in Iran . Located in the middle Alborz Range , adjacent to Varārū , Sesang , Gol - e Zard and Mīānrūd ,
eos Mount_Damavand ( "" Persian : دماوند "" ) also known as Donbavand , is a dormant volcano in Iran . Located in the middle Alborz Range , adjacent to Varārū , Sesang , Gol - e Zard and Mīānrūd , Mount_Damavand is the highest point in both Iran and the wider Middle East .
eos Mount_Damavand is also the highest volcano in all of Asia . Though not volcanically active , there are fumaroles near the summit crater that deposit sulfur , which were most recently known to be active on july 6 , 2007 .
eos Mount_Damavand is located near the southern coast of the Caspian Sea , in Āmol county , Māzandarān , 66 km ( 41 miles ) northeast of Tehran .
eos northeast of Tehran . Mount_Damavand is , as any cursory reading of Persian literature will indicate , the Mount Olympus of Persian mythology . The best major settlement for mount climbers is new Iranian Mountain Federation Camp in village Polour , located at the south of
eos 
eos Mount_Darwin_California is a flat - topped mountain , named for evolution - theorist Charles Darwin , in the Sierra Nevada range in Fresno County , California
eos Mount_Darwin_California is a flat - topped mountain , named for evolution - theorist Charles Darwin , in the Sierra Nevada range in Fresno County , California Mount_Darwin_California is a popular climb .
eos Mount_Darwin_California is a flat - topped mountain , named for evolution - theorist Charles Darwin , in the Sierra Nevada range in Fresno County , California Mount_Darwin_California is a popular climb . Mount_Darwin_California is located in the Kings Canyon National Park and the Inyo National Forest .
eos Mount_Darwin_California is located in the Kings Canyon National Park and the Inyo National Forest . Mount_Darwin_California was first climbed on august 12 , 1908 by Ernest Clayton Andrews , the Australian geologist , and Willard D Johnson . The modern name of
eos Mount_Darwin_California is located in the Kings Canyon National Park and the Inyo National Forest . Mount_Darwin_California was first climbed on august 12 , 1908 by Ernest Clayton Andrews , the Australian geologist , and Willard D Johnson . The modern name of Mount_Darwin_California was given to
eos 
eos Mount_Diablo is a mountain in Contra Costa County , California in the San Francisco Bay Area , located south of the town of Clayton and northeast of Danville .
eos Mount_Diablo is a mountain in Contra Costa County , California in the San Francisco Bay Area , located south of the town of Clayton and northeast of Danville . Mount_Diablo is an isolated 3,849-foot ( 1,173 m ) upthrust peak
eos Mount_Diablo is a mountain in Contra Costa County , California in the San Francisco Bay Area , located south of the town of Clayton and northeast of Danville . Mount_Diablo is an isolated 3,849-foot ( 1,173 m ) upthrust peak Mount_Diablo is visible from most of the San Francisco Bay Area and much of northern California .
eos Mount_Diablo is an isolated 3,849-foot ( 1,173 m ) upthrust peak Mount_Diablo is visible from most of the San Francisco Bay Area and much of northern California . Mount_Diablo appears from many angles to be a double pyramid and Mount_Diablo includes many subsidiary peaks , the largest and closest of which is the other half of the double pyramid , North Peak , nearly as high in elevation at 3,557 feet ( 1,084 m ) .
eos Mount_Diablo is the centerpiece of Mount Diablo State Park , a state park of approximately 20,000 acres ( 80 km ² ) in area . The park was the first public open space of a complex - according to Save Mount Diablo - now including 38 preserves , including adjacent and nearby city open spaces , regional parks , watersheds , etc . , buffered in some areas with private lands protected with conservation easements . Preserved lands on and around
eos The park was the first public open space of a complex - according to Save Mount Diablo - now including 38 preserves , including adjacent and nearby city open spaces , regional parks , watersheds , etc . , buffered in some areas with private lands protected with conservation easements . Preserved lands on and around Mount_Diablo total more than 90,000 acres ( 360 km ² ) . Except for distant views from the Central Valley ,
eos Preserved lands on and around Mount_Diablo total more than 90,000 acres ( 360 km ² ) . Except for distant views from the Central Valley , Mount_Diablo northwestern double pyramid view is most familiar to California residents . This view however includes a minor part of
eos 
eos Mount_Dickerson is a prominent mountain , standing 6 km ( 4 mi ) east of Mount Kirkpatrick .
eos 
eos Mount_Discovery is a conspicuous , isolated volcanic cone , lying at the head of McMurdo Sound and east of Koettlitz Glacier , overlooking the NW portion of the Ross Ice Shelf .
eos Mount Edgecumbe is the current name of a long - dormant volcano located on Kruzof Island , Alaska , USA , of which
eos Mount Edgecumbe is the current name of a long - dormant volcano located on Kruzof Island , Alaska , USA , of which Mount_Edgecumbe_Alaska is the highest point .
eos Mount Edgecumbe is the current name of a long - dormant volcano located on Kruzof Island , Alaska , USA , of which Mount_Edgecumbe_Alaska is the highest point . Mount_Edgecumbe_Alaska had for centuries been known to the native Tlingit people as L'UX , and Mount_Edgecumbe_Alaska was given the name Mount San Jacinto ( ` ` Mount Saint Hyacinth '' ) by Spanish explorer Juan de la Bodega in 1775 .
eos Mount_Edgecumbe_Alaska had for centuries been known to the native Tlingit people as L'UX , and Mount_Edgecumbe_Alaska was given the name Mount San Jacinto ( ` ` Mount Saint Hyacinth '' ) by Spanish explorer Juan de la Bodega in 1775 . Mount_Edgecumbe_Alaska was subsequently renamed by British Captain James Cook in 1778 , probably for George , Earl of Edgecumbe .
eos 
eos Mount_Edith_Cavell is located in the Athabasca River and Astoria River valleys of Jasper National Park , Canada .
eos Mount_Edith_Cavell is located in the Athabasca River and Astoria River valleys of Jasper National Park , Canada . Mount_Edith_Cavell was named in 1916 for Edith Cavell , an English nurse executed by the Germans during World War I for having helped persons held captive to escape to refuge . A close up view of the north face of
eos 
eos Mount_Elbert is the highest peak in the Rocky Mountains of North America .
eos Mount_Elbert is the highest peak in the Rocky Mountains of North America . Mount_Elbert is also the highest of the fourteeners in the US State of Colorado , and the high point of the Sawatch Range .
eos Mount_Elbert is also the highest of the fourteeners in the US State of Colorado , and the high point of the Sawatch Range . Mount_Elbert is located in Lake County , approximately 10 mi southwest of Leadville .
eos Mount_Elbert is located in Lake County , approximately 10 mi southwest of Leadville . Mount_Elbert lies within the San Isabel National Forest .
eos Mount_Elbert is the second highest mountain in the contiguous United States , after Mount Whitney in California , and Mount_Elbert is but 65 ft shorter than Whitney 's 14,505 feet ( 4,421 m ) . There are three routes up
eos 
eos Mount_Elbrus ( Russian : Эльбрус ) is a peak located in the western Caucasus mountains , in Kabardino - Balkaria and Karachay - Cherkessia , Russia , near the border of Georgia . A stratovolcano that has lain dormant for about 2,000 years ,
eos Mount_Elbrus ( Russian : Эльбрус ) is a peak located in the western Caucasus mountains , in Kabardino - Balkaria and Karachay - Cherkessia , Russia , near the border of Georgia . A stratovolcano that has lain dormant for about 2,000 years , Mount_Elbrus is the highest mountain in the Caucasus which belongs to Europe ( if the border between Europe and Asia is considered to be at the watershed divide of the Caucasus , or anywhere south of this ) .
eos Mount_Elbrus ( Russian : Эльбрус ) is a peak located in the western Caucasus mountains , in Kabardino - Balkaria and Karachay - Cherkessia , Russia , near the border of Georgia . A stratovolcano that has lain dormant for about 2,000 years , Mount_Elbrus is the highest mountain in the Caucasus which belongs to Europe ( if the border between Europe and Asia is considered to be at the watershed divide of the Caucasus , or anywhere south of this ) . Mount_Elbrus ( west summit ) stands at 5,642 metres ( 18,510 ft ) and Mount_Elbrus can be considered to be the highest mountain in Europe ;
eos 
eos Mount_Elgon is an extinct shield volcano on the border of Uganda and Kenya .
eos Mount_Elgon is an extinct shield volcano on the border of Uganda and Kenya . Mount_Elgon is named after the Elgonyi tribe , who once lived in huge caves on the south side of
eos Mount_Elgon is an extinct shield volcano on the border of Uganda and Kenya . Mount_Elgon is named after the Elgonyi tribe , who once lived in huge caves on the south side of Mount_Elgon .
eos Mount_Elgon is named after the Elgonyi tribe , who once lived in huge caves on the south side of Mount_Elgon . Mount_Elgon was known as ` ` Ol Doinyo Ilgoon '' ( Breast Mountain ) by the Maasai and as ` ` Masawa '' on the Ugandan side .
eos Mount_Elgon was known as ` ` Ol Doinyo Ilgoon '' ( Breast Mountain ) by the Maasai and as ` ` Masawa '' on the Ugandan side . Mount_Elgon is the oldest and largest solitary volcano in East Africa , covering an area of around 3500 km ² .
eos * Masaba ( 4,161 m or 13,650 ft ) In 1896 , CW Hobley became the first European to circumambulate
eos The main peak is an easy scramble and does not require any mountaineering equipment . Other interesting features are : * The caldera -
eos It became notorious for its association with the Marburg virus after two people who had visited the cave ( one in 1980 and another in 1987 ) , both contracted the disease and died . The mountain soils are red laterite .
eos The mountain soils are red laterite . Mount_Elgon is the catchment area for the several rivers such as the Suam River , Nzoia River and the Turkwel River , some of which flow to Lake Victoria and others in Lake Turkana . The town of Kitale is in the foothills of
eos Mount_Elgon is the catchment area for the several rivers such as the Suam River , Nzoia River and the Turkwel River , some of which flow to Lake Victoria and others in Lake Turkana . The town of Kitale is in the foothills of Mount_Elgon . The area around
eos The town of Kitale is in the foothills of Mount_Elgon . The area around Mount_Elgon is protected by two Mount Elgon National Parks - one on each side of the international border . Some rare plants are found on
eos 
eos Éméi Shān , Wade - Giles : O ^ 2-mei ^ 2 Shan ^ 1 "" , literally towering Eyebrow Mountain ) is a mountain in Sichuan province of Western China .
eos Mount_Emei is often written as 峨眉山 and occasionally 峩嵋山 or 峩眉山 but all three are translated as Mount Emei or Mount Emeishan .
eos but all three are translated as Mount Emei or Mount Emeishan . Mount_Emei is one of the Four Sacred Buddhist Mountains of China . The patron bodhisattva of
eos Mount_Emei is one of the Four Sacred Buddhist Mountains of China . The patron bodhisattva of Mount_Emei is Samantabhadra , known in Chinese as Puxian . 16th and 17th century sources allude to the practice of martial arts in the monasteries of
eos 16th and 17th century sources allude to the practice of martial arts in the monasteries of Mount_Emei . made the earliest extant reference to the Shaolin Monastery as Chinese boxing 's place of origin . A large surrounding area of countryside is geologically known as the Permian Emeishan Large Igneous Province , a large igneous province generated by the Emeishan Traps volcanic eruptions during the Permian Period .
eos 
eos Mount_Eolus is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado , the highest of the Needle Mountains ( a subrange of the San Juan Mountains ) .
eos Mount_Eolus is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado , the highest of the Needle Mountains ( a subrange of the San Juan Mountains ) . Mount_Eolus is located in the Weminuche Wilderness ( part of the San Juan National Forest ) in La Plata County approximately 13 miles ( 21 km ) south of Silverton .
eos Mount_Eolus is one of three fourteeners in the Needle Mountains ; the others are Sunlight Peak and Windom Peak . All three peaks are located around the cirque known as Upper Chicago Basin .
eos Mount_Eolus lies to the west of the upper basin , while the other peaks lie on the east side . These peaks are among the most remote of the fourteeners and have a strong wilderness character . Windom Peak is only 1 foot lower than
eos Mount_Eolus lies to the west of the upper basin , while the other peaks lie on the east side . These peaks are among the most remote of the fourteeners and have a strong wilderness character . Windom Peak is only 1 foot lower than Mount_Eolus ; some sources have Windom being slightly higher than
eos These peaks are among the most remote of the fourteeners and have a strong wilderness character . Windom Peak is only 1 foot lower than Mount_Eolus ; some sources have Windom being slightly higher than Mount_Eolus . North Eolus ( 14,039 ft ) is a northern subpeak of
eos Windom Peak is only 1 foot lower than Mount_Eolus ; some sources have Windom being slightly higher than Mount_Eolus . North Eolus ( 14,039 ft ) is a northern subpeak of Mount_Eolus , which is not usually counted as a separate peak or as an official fourteener , since it has a topographic prominence of only 159 - 199 feet . However it is sometimes climbed in conjunction with
eos 
eos Mount_Erciyes ( "" Turkish : Erciyes Dağı "" ) is a massive stratovolcano located 25 km south of Kayseri , Turkey .
eos Mount_Erciyes ( "" Turkish : Erciyes Dağı "" ) is a massive stratovolcano located 25 km south of Kayseri , Turkey . Mount_Erciyes is the highest mountain in central Anatolia ( 3,916 metres ) .
eos 
eos Mount_Erebus in Antarctica is the southernmost active volcano on Earth . 3795 m high ,
eos 3795 m high , Mount_Erebus is located on Ross Island , which is also home to three inactive volcanoes , notably Mt. Terror .
eos , Mount_Erebus is located on Ross Island , which is also home to three inactive volcanoes , notably Mt. Terror . Mount_Erebus is part of the Pacific Ring of Fire , which includes over 160 active volcanoes .
eos Mount_Erebus is part of the Pacific Ring of Fire , which includes over 160 active volcanoes . Mount_Erebus has been observed to be continuously active since 1972 and Mount_Erebus is the site of the Observatory run by New Mexico Tech .
eos Mount_Erebus is part of the Pacific Ring of Fire , which includes over 160 active volcanoes . Mount_Erebus has been observed to be continuously active since 1972 and Mount_Erebus is the site of the Observatory run by New Mexico Tech . Mount_Erebus was discovered on january 27 , 1841 ( and observed to be in eruption ) by polar explorer Sir James Clark Ross who named
eos Mount_Erebus has been observed to be continuously active since 1972 and Mount_Erebus is the site of the Observatory run by New Mexico Tech . Mount_Erebus was discovered on january 27 , 1841 ( and observed to be in eruption ) by polar explorer Sir James Clark Ross who named Mount_Erebus and Mount Terror after his ships , Erebus and Terror ( which were also used by Sir John Franklin on his disastrous Arctic expedition ) .
eos Mount_Erebus was first climbed ( to the rim ) by members of Sir Ernest Shackleton 's party in 1908 . Erebus was a primordial Greek god , the son of Chaos . The first known solo ascent of
eos 
eos Mount_Errigal or Errigal ( An Earagail / tEaragal in Irish ) situated in Gweedore , Donegal , is the tallest peak of the Derryveagh Mountains in the Northwest of Ireland with a height of 749 metres ( 2,457 feet ) .
eos Mount_Errigal or Errigal ( An Earagail / tEaragal in Irish ) situated in Gweedore , Donegal , is the tallest peak of the Derryveagh Mountains in the Northwest of Ireland with a height of 749 metres ( 2,457 feet ) . Mount_Errigal is also the most southern , steepest and highest of the mountain chain , called the ` Seven Sisters ' by locals ( Muckish , Crocknalaragagh , Aghla Beg , Ardloughnabrackbaddy , Aghla More , Mackoght ( also known as ` little Errigal ' ) and
eos 
eos Mount_Etna ( also known as Muncibeddu in Sicilian and Mongibello in Italian , a combination of Latin mons and Arabic gibel , both meaning mountain ) is an active volcano on the east coast of Sicily , close to Messina and Catania .
eos Mount_Etna ( also known as Muncibeddu in Sicilian and Mongibello in Italian , a combination of Latin mons and Arabic gibel , both meaning mountain ) is an active volcano on the east coast of Sicily , close to Messina and Catania . Mount_Etna is the largest active volcano in Europe , currently standing about 3,326 m ( 10,910 ft ) high , though it should be noted that this varies with summit eruptions ;
eos Mount_Etna ( also known as Muncibeddu in Sicilian and Mongibello in Italian , a combination of Latin mons and Arabic gibel , both meaning mountain ) is an active volcano on the east coast of Sicily , close to Messina and Catania . Mount_Etna is the largest active volcano in Europe , currently standing about 3,326 m ( 10,910 ft ) high , though it should be noted that this varies with summit eruptions ; Mount_Etna is 21.6 m ( 71 ft ) lower now than
eos Mount_Etna ( also known as Muncibeddu in Sicilian and Mongibello in Italian , a combination of Latin mons and Arabic gibel , both meaning mountain ) is an active volcano on the east coast of Sicily , close to Messina and Catania . Mount_Etna is the largest active volcano in Europe , currently standing about 3,326 m ( 10,910 ft ) high , though it should be noted that this varies with summit eruptions ; Mount_Etna is 21.6 m ( 71 ft ) lower now than Mount_Etna was in 1865 .
eos Mount_Etna is the largest active volcano in Europe , currently standing about 3,326 m ( 10,910 ft ) high , though it should be noted that this varies with summit eruptions ; Mount_Etna is 21.6 m ( 71 ft ) lower now than Mount_Etna was in 1865 . Mount_Etna is the highest mountain in Italy south of the Alps .
eos Mount_Etna is the highest mountain in Italy south of the Alps . Mount_Etna covers an area of 1,190 km ² ( 460 square miles ) with a basal circumference of 140 km . This makes
eos Mount_Etna covers an area of 1,190 km ² ( 460 square miles ) with a basal circumference of 140 km . This makes Mount_Etna by far the largest of the three active volcanoes in Italy , being nearly three times the height of the next largest , Mount Vesuvius .
eos This makes Mount_Etna by far the largest of the three active volcanoes in Italy , being nearly three times the height of the next largest , Mount Vesuvius . Mount_Etna is one of the most active volcanoes in the world and Mount_Etna is in an almost constant state of eruption . Although
eos This makes Mount_Etna by far the largest of the three active volcanoes in Italy , being nearly three times the height of the next largest , Mount Vesuvius . Mount_Etna is one of the most active volcanoes in the world and Mount_Etna is in an almost constant state of eruption . Although Mount_Etna can occasionally be very destructive ,
eos This makes Mount_Etna by far the largest of the three active volcanoes in Italy , being nearly three times the height of the next largest , Mount Vesuvius . Mount_Etna is one of the most active volcanoes in the world and Mount_Etna is in an almost constant state of eruption . Although Mount_Etna can occasionally be very destructive , Mount_Etna is not generally regarded as being particularly dangerous , and thousands of people live on
eos Mount_Etna is one of the most active volcanoes in the world and Mount_Etna is in an almost constant state of eruption . Although Mount_Etna can occasionally be very destructive , Mount_Etna is not generally regarded as being particularly dangerous , and thousands of people live on Mount_Etna slopes and in the surrounding areas . The fertile volcanic soils support extensive agriculture , with vineyards and orchards spread across the lower slopes of
eos Although Mount_Etna can occasionally be very destructive , Mount_Etna is not generally regarded as being particularly dangerous , and thousands of people live on Mount_Etna slopes and in the surrounding areas . The fertile volcanic soils support extensive agriculture , with vineyards and orchards spread across the lower slopes of Mount_Etna and the broad Plain of Catania to the south . Due to
eos Although Mount_Etna can occasionally be very destructive , Mount_Etna is not generally regarded as being particularly dangerous , and thousands of people live on Mount_Etna slopes and in the surrounding areas . The fertile volcanic soils support extensive agriculture , with vineyards and orchards spread across the lower slopes of Mount_Etna and the broad Plain of Catania to the south . Due to Mount_Etna history of recent activity and nearby population ,
eos 
eos Mount_Evans is a mountain in the Front Range region of the Rocky Mountains , in Clear Creek County , Colorado .
eos Mount_Evans is a mountain in the Front Range region of the Rocky Mountains , in Clear Creek County , Colorado . Mount_Evans is one of 54 fourteeners ( mountains with peaks over 14,000 feet ) in Colorado , and the closest fourteener to Denver .
eos Mount_Evans is a mountain in the Front Range region of the Rocky Mountains , in Clear Creek County , Colorado . Mount_Evans is one of 54 fourteeners ( mountains with peaks over 14,000 feet ) in Colorado , and the closest fourteener to Denver . Mount_Evans is often compared to Pikes Peak - another Front Range fourteener - which
eos Mount_Evans is one of 54 fourteeners ( mountains with peaks over 14,000 feet ) in Colorado , and the closest fourteener to Denver . Mount_Evans is often compared to Pikes Peak - another Front Range fourteener - which Mount_Evans exceeds in elevation by 154 ft ( 50 m ) .
eos Mount_Evans is often compared to Pikes Peak - another Front Range fourteener - which Mount_Evans exceeds in elevation by 154 ft ( 50 m ) . Mount_Evans was originally known as Mount Rosa or Mount Rosalie ( named for the wife of Fitz Hugh Ludlow who would later be the wife of Albert Bierstadt , and featured in Bierstadt 's painting ` ` Storm in the Rocky Mountains '' ) , and Mount_Evans is located in what is known by locals as the Chicago Peaks Range .
eos Mount_Evans was originally known as Mount Rosa or Mount Rosalie ( named for the wife of Fitz Hugh Ludlow who would later be the wife of Albert Bierstadt , and featured in Bierstadt 's painting ` ` Storm in the Rocky Mountains '' ) , and Mount_Evans is located in what is known by locals as the Chicago Peaks Range . Mount_Evans is believed to have been climbed first in 1872 by Judge Lunt and a friend , but many accounts point to Albert Bierstadt as the first ascender in 1863 . In 1895 , Colorado 's legislature officially renamed
eos Mount_Evans is believed to have been climbed first in 1872 by Judge Lunt and a friend , but many accounts point to Albert Bierstadt as the first ascender in 1863 . In 1895 , Colorado 's legislature officially renamed Mount_Evans in honor of John Evans , second governor of the Colorado Territory from 1862 to 1865 .
eos In 1895 , Colorado 's legislature officially renamed Mount_Evans in honor of John Evans , second governor of the Colorado Territory from 1862 to 1865 . Mount_Evans is one of the characteristic Front Range peaks , dominating the western skyline of the Great Plains along with Pikes Peak and nearby Mount Bierstadt . In the early days of Colorado tourism ,
eos Mount_Evans is one of the characteristic Front Range peaks , dominating the western skyline of the Great Plains along with Pikes Peak and nearby Mount Bierstadt . In the early days of Colorado tourism , Mount_Evans and Denver were often in competition with Pikes Peak and Colorado Springs . After a toll road was built to the summit of Pikes Peak , Robert Speer , mayor of Denver , asked for funds to build a road to the summit of
eos Construction began in 1917 and concluded on october 4 , 1927 . As of 2006 , the Mount Evans Scenic Byway , leading to the summit overlook , is the highest paved road in North America . The byway has made
eos As of 2006 , the Mount Evans Scenic Byway , leading to the summit overlook , is the highest paved road in North America . The byway has made Mount_Evans a very accessible peak to all varieties of tourists and mountaineers .
eos The byway has made Mount_Evans a very accessible peak to all varieties of tourists and mountaineers . Mount_Evans is 50 miles west of Denver , as the bird flies , and approximately 62 miles by road . From Denver , one can get to
eos 
eos Mount_Everest , also called Chomolungma or Qomolangma ( ) or Sagarmatha ( ) is the highest mountain on Earth , as measured by the height of
eos Mount_Everest , also called Chomolungma or Qomolangma ( ) or Sagarmatha ( ) is the highest mountain on Earth , as measured by the height of Mount_Everest summit above sea level .
eos Mount_Everest , also called Chomolungma or Qomolangma ( ) or Sagarmatha ( ) is the highest mountain on Earth , as measured by the height of Mount_Everest summit above sea level . Mount_Everest ,
eos Mount_Everest , Mount_Everest is part of the Himalaya range in High Asia , is located on the border between Nepal and Tibet , China . By the end of the 2006 climbing season there had been 3,050 ascents to the summit by 2,062 individuals , and at least 630 more ascents in 2007 . There have been more than 200 deaths on
eos 
eos Mount_Fairweather ( officially known as Fairweather Mountain in Canada but referred to also as Fairweather nonetheless ) is a mountain located 20 km ( 14 mi ) east of the Pacific Ocean in Glacier Bay National Park of the United States . While the majority of
eos Mount_Fairweather ( officially known as Fairweather Mountain in Canada but referred to also as Fairweather nonetheless ) is a mountain located 20 km ( 14 mi ) east of the Pacific Ocean in Glacier Bay National Park of the United States . While the majority of Mount_Fairweather lies within the City and Borough of Yakutat , Alaska , the actual summit is in Tatshenshini - Alsek Park in British Columbia , making it the highest point in that province .
eos While the majority of Mount_Fairweather lies within the City and Borough of Yakutat , Alaska , the actual summit is in Tatshenshini - Alsek Park in British Columbia , making it the highest point in that province . Mount_Fairweather was named on May 3 , 1778 by Captain James Cook , apparently for the good weather encountered at the time .
eos 
eos Mount_Feathertop is the second - highest mountain in the Australian state of Victoria .
eos The main access routes are the Razorback , Bungalow Spur and the North - West Spur . The Razorback is a very popular walk in summer and it is a spectacular ski tour in winter . The proximity of
eos The main access routes are the Razorback , Bungalow Spur and the North - West Spur . The Razorback is a very popular walk in summer and it is a spectacular ski tour in winter . The proximity of Mount_Feathertop to the Mount Hotham ski resort has led to
eos The Razorback is a very popular walk in summer and it is a spectacular ski tour in winter . The proximity of Mount_Feathertop to the Mount Hotham ski resort has led to Mount_Feathertop becoming a popular back country skiing destination . There are two huts on
eos 
eos Mount_Galatea is the highest peak of the Kananaskis Range , a subrange of the Canadian Rockies in the province of Alberta .
eos Mount_Galatea is the highest peak of the Kananaskis Range , a subrange of the Canadian Rockies in the province of Alberta . Mount_Galatea is located in the upper Spray Lakes Valley of the Kananaskis Country system of provincial parks .
eos 
eos Mount_George_V is a mountain located in Strathcona Provincial Park on Vancouver Island in British Columbia .
eos Mount_George_V is located 3.2 km south of Mount Albert Edward . Mount Frink and Castlecrag Mountain are within 2 km to the NE .
eos 
eos Tiberian Hebrew הַר גְּרִזִּים Har Gərizzîm , Standard Hebrew הַר גְּרִיזִּים Har Gərizzim ) is one of the two mountains in the immediate vicinity of the West Bank city of Nablus ( Biblical Shechem ) , and Mount_Gerizim forms the southern side of the valley in which Nablus is situated , the northern side being formed by Mount Ebal .
eos Standard Hebrew הַר גְּרִיזִּים Har Gərizzim ) is one of the two mountains in the immediate vicinity of the West Bank city of Nablus ( Biblical Shechem ) , and Mount_Gerizim forms the southern side of the valley in which Nablus is situated , the northern side being formed by Mount Ebal . Mount_Gerizim is one of the highest peaks in the West Bank , as well as being higher than most mountain peaks in Israel , and Mount_Gerizim rises to 2849 feet ( 881 meters ) above sea level , some 228 feet ( 69.5 meters ) shorter than Mount Ebal .
eos Mount_Gerizim is one of the highest peaks in the West Bank , as well as being higher than most mountain peaks in Israel , and Mount_Gerizim rises to 2849 feet ( 881 meters ) above sea level , some 228 feet ( 69.5 meters ) shorter than Mount Ebal . Mount_Gerizim is particularly steep on the northern side , Mount_Gerizim is sparsely covered at the top with shrubbery , and lower down there is a spring with a high yield of fresh water . According to classical rabbinical sources , in order to convert to Judaism , a Samaritan must first and foremost renounce any belief in the sanctity of
eos 
eos Mount_Gibbs is located in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of the US state of California , 2 miles ( 3 km ) south of Mount Dana .
eos Mount_Gibbs is located in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of the US state of California , 2 miles ( 3 km ) south of Mount Dana . Mount_Gibbs was named after Oliver Gibbs , a professor at Harvard University and friend of Josiah Whitney .
eos Mount_Gibbs peak lies on the boundary between Yosemite National Park and Inyo National Forest . The peak is accessible either from the west , starting at Tioga Pass Road , or from the east , via Bloody Canyon from the trailhead at Walker Lake . ( Overnight camping is not permitted on the western side of
eos The peak is accessible either from the west , starting at Tioga Pass Road , or from the east , via Bloody Canyon from the trailhead at Walker Lake . ( Overnight camping is not permitted on the western side of Mount_Gibbs , which is part of the protected watershed of Dana Meadows and Tioga Pass . ) In the summer
eos ( Overnight camping is not permitted on the western side of Mount_Gibbs , which is part of the protected watershed of Dana Meadows and Tioga Pass . ) In the summer Mount_Gibbs has only patchy snow , on the northern slope . The easiest ascent is via the ridge extending west from the peak ; there is a steep section of loose , unstable rocks , leading to the gentle ridge that forms the top of
eos 
eos Mount_Gould_Montana is a peak on the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States .
eos Mount_Gould_Montana is a peak on the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States . Mount_Gould_Montana is the highest point of the Garden Wall , a distinctive ridge of the Lewis Range .
eos Mount_Gould_Montana is a peak on the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States . Mount_Gould_Montana is the highest point of the Garden Wall , a distinctive ridge of the Lewis Range . Mount_Gould_Montana is most notable for
eos Mount_Gould_Montana is most notable for Mount_Gould_Montana huge , steep east face , which drops 4000 feet ( 1220 m ) in only one - half mile ( 0.8 km ) . This face provides a backdrop to Grinnell Lake , and is often photographed . The first recorded ascent of
eos They used the West Face route , which is the easiest and most commonly used route today . It starts from the Highline Trail , which skirts the west side of the peak , and involves some rock scrambling but no technical climbing . Climbing the sheer East Face of
eos 
eos Mount_Greylock is a mountain of 3,491 feet ( 1,064 m ) in elevation , located in northwestern Massachusetts .
eos 
eos Mount_Griggs , formerly known as Knife Peak Volcano , is a stratovolcano ,
eos Mount_Griggs , formerly known as Knife Peak Volcano , is a stratovolcano , Mount_Griggs lies 10 km behind the volcanic arc defined by other Katmai group volcanoes . Although no historic eruptions have been reported from
eos Although no historic eruptions have been reported from Mount_Griggs , vigorously active fumaroles persist in a summit crater and along the upper southwest flank . The fumaroles on the southwest flank are the hottest , and some of the flank fumaroles can roar so loudly that they can be heard from the valley floor . The slopes of
eos The fumaroles on the southwest flank are the hottest , and some of the flank fumaroles can roar so loudly that they can be heard from the valley floor . The slopes of Mount_Griggs are heavily mantled by fallout from the 1912 eruption of Novarupta volcano .
eos 
eos Mount_Hampton is a mountain with a circular ice - filled crater occupying much of the summit area .
eos 
eos Mount_Harvard is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado .
eos Mount_Harvard is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado . Mount_Harvard is the third highest mountain in Colorado , and also the fourth highest mountain in the Contiguous United States .
eos Mount_Harvard is the third highest mountain in Colorado , and also the fourth highest mountain in the Contiguous United States . Mount_Harvard is located in the Collegiate Peaks , part of the central Sawatch Range of Chaffee County , approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) northwest of the town of Buena Vista . The Harvard Crimson , flagship newspaper of
eos 
eos Mount_Hayes is the highest mountain in the eastern Alaska Range . Despite not being a fourteener ,
eos Despite not being a fourteener , Mount_Hayes is one of the largest peaks in the United States in terms of rise above local terrain . For example , the Northeast Face rises 8,000 feet ( 2,440 m ) in approximately 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) . In terms of topographic prominence ,
eos For example , the Northeast Face rises 8,000 feet ( 2,440 m ) in approximately 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) . In terms of topographic prominence , Mount_Hayes is one of the top 75 peaks in the world .
eos Mount_Hayes was first climbed in 1941 by Bradford Washburn , Barbara Washburn , Benjamin Ferris , Sterling Hendricks , Henry Hall , and William Shand , via the North Ridge . Today 's standard route is the East Ridge ( Alaska Grade 2 + ) .
eos Mount_Hayes was first climbed in 1941 by Bradford Washburn , Barbara Washburn , Benjamin Ferris , Sterling Hendricks , Henry Hall , and William Shand , via the North Ridge . Today 's standard route is the East Ridge ( Alaska Grade 2 + ) . Mount_Hayes is not frequently climbed due to
eos 
eos Mount_Hector_Alberta is a mountain in Banff National Park , Canada .
eos Mount_Hector_Alberta is a mountain in Banff National Park , Canada . Mount_Hector_Alberta was named in 1884 by George M Dawson after James Hector , a geologist on the Palliser Expedition .
eos 
eos Mount_Hood ( called Wy'east by the Multnomah tribe ) , is a stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc in northern Oregon , in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States .
eos Mount_Hood ( called Wy'east by the Multnomah tribe ) , is a stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc in northern Oregon , in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States . Mount_Hood is located about 50 miles ( 80 km ) east - southeast of the city of Portland , on the border between Clackamas and Hood River counties .
eos Mount_Hood is located about 50 miles ( 80 km ) east - southeast of the city of Portland , on the border between Clackamas and Hood River counties . Mount_Hood snow - covered peak rises 11249 ft and is home to twelve glaciers .
eos Mount_Hood snow - covered peak rises 11249 ft and is home to twelve glaciers . Mount_Hood is the highest mountain in Oregon and the fourth - highest in the Cascade Range .
eos Mount_Hood snow - covered peak rises 11249 ft and is home to twelve glaciers . Mount_Hood is the highest mountain in Oregon and the fourth - highest in the Cascade Range . Mount_Hood is considered the Oregon volcano most likely to erupt , though based on
eos Mount_Hood is the highest mountain in Oregon and the fourth - highest in the Cascade Range . Mount_Hood is considered the Oregon volcano most likely to erupt , though based on Mount_Hood history , an explosive eruption is unlikely . Still , the odds of an eruption in the next 30 years are estimated at between 3 and 7 percent , so the USGS characterizes
eos Mount_Hood is considered the Oregon volcano most likely to erupt , though based on Mount_Hood history , an explosive eruption is unlikely . Still , the odds of an eruption in the next 30 years are estimated at between 3 and 7 percent , so the USGS characterizes Mount_Hood as ` ` potentially active '' .
eos Still , the odds of an eruption in the next 30 years are estimated at between 3 and 7 percent , so the USGS characterizes Mount_Hood as ` ` potentially active '' . Mount_Hood is sometimes informally described as ` ` dormant '' ( ` ` asleep '' ) . Timberline Lodge is a National Historic Landmark located on the southern flank of
eos Mount_Hood is sometimes informally described as ` ` dormant '' ( ` ` asleep '' ) . Timberline Lodge is a National Historic Landmark located on the southern flank of Mount_Hood just below Palmer Glacier .
eos Mount_Hood has six ski areas : Timberline , Mount Hood Meadows , Ski Bowl , Cooper Spur , Snow Bunny and Summit . They total over 4,600 acres ( 7.2 mi ² , 18.6 km ² ) of skiable terrain ; Timberline offers the only year - round lift - served skiing in North America .
eos 
eos Mount_Hotham is a mountain in Victoria , Australia .
eos Mount_Hotham is a mountain in Victoria , Australia . Mount_Hotham is home to Mount Hotham Village , and Mount Hotham Ski Resort .
eos Mount_Hotham is home to Mount Hotham Village , and Mount Hotham Ski Resort . Mount_Hotham is located approximately 357 kilometres north east of Melbourne , 746 kilometres from Sydney , and 997 kilometres from Adelaide by road .
eos 
eos Mount_Hubbard is one of the major mountains of the Saint Elias Range .
eos Mount_Hubbard is located on the Alaska / Yukon border ; the Canadian side is within Kluane National Park and Reserve , and the American side is part of Wrangell - St . Elias National Park .
eos Elias National Park . Mount_Hubbard was named in 1890 by USGS geologist Israel Russell after Gardiner Greene Hubbard , first president of the National Geographic Society , which had co - sponsored Russell 's expedition .
eos Mount_Hubbard is the highest point of a large massif with three named summits ; the other two are Mount Alverstone and Mount Kennedy . Alverstone and Hubbard form a corner of the US - Canadian border : the border extends roughly south from these peaks toward the Alaska panhandle , and roughly west toward Mount Saint Elias , approximately 100 km ( 60 mi ) away . The Hubbard Glacier separates
eos Alverstone and Hubbard form a corner of the US - Canadian border : the border extends roughly south from these peaks toward the Alaska panhandle , and roughly west toward Mount Saint Elias , approximately 100 km ( 60 mi ) away . The Hubbard Glacier separates Mount_Hubbard from Mount Vancouver to the west , while the Lowell Glacier lies to the east of the peak .
eos The Hubbard Glacier separates Mount_Hubbard from Mount Vancouver to the west , while the Lowell Glacier lies to the east of the peak . Mount_Hubbard is the tenth highest peak in the United States , and the twelfth highest peak in Canada .
eos The Hubbard Glacier separates Mount_Hubbard from Mount Vancouver to the west , while the Lowell Glacier lies to the east of the peak . Mount_Hubbard is the tenth highest peak in the United States , and the twelfth highest peak in Canada . Mount_Hubbard is also notable for
eos Mount_Hubbard is the tenth highest peak in the United States , and the twelfth highest peak in Canada . Mount_Hubbard is also notable for Mount_Hubbard large rise above local terrain . For example ,
eos Mount_Hubbard is also notable for Mount_Hubbard large rise above local terrain . For example , Mount_Hubbard west face rises 7,500 feet ( 2,286 m ) above the Alverstone Glacier in less than 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) , and the peak rises 11,000 feet ( 3,353 m ) above the Hubbard Glacier to the southwest in only 7 miles ( 11.2 km ) .
eos For example , Mount_Hubbard west face rises 7,500 feet ( 2,286 m ) above the Alverstone Glacier in less than 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) , and the peak rises 11,000 feet ( 3,353 m ) above the Hubbard Glacier to the southwest in only 7 miles ( 11.2 km ) . Mount_Hubbard is just over 20 miles ( 32 km ) from tidewater at Disenchantment Bay . However , despite
eos 
eos Mount_Hungabee is located on the boundaries of Banff National Park and Yoho National Park on the Continental Divide at the head of Paradise Valley .
eos Mount_Hungabee is located on the boundaries of Banff National Park and Yoho National Park on the Continental Divide at the head of Paradise Valley . Mount_Hungabee was named in 1894 by Samuel Allen after the Stoney Indian word for ` ` chieftain '' as
eos Mount_Hungabee is located on the boundaries of Banff National Park and Yoho National Park on the Continental Divide at the head of Paradise Valley . Mount_Hungabee was named in 1894 by Samuel Allen after the Stoney Indian word for ` ` chieftain '' as Mount_Hungabee is higher than
eos Mount_Hungabee is located on the boundaries of Banff National Park and Yoho National Park on the Continental Divide at the head of Paradise Valley . Mount_Hungabee was named in 1894 by Samuel Allen after the Stoney Indian word for ` ` chieftain '' as Mount_Hungabee is higher than Mount_Hungabee neighbouring peaks .
eos Mount_Hungabee was named in 1894 by Samuel Allen after the Stoney Indian word for ` ` chieftain '' as Mount_Hungabee is higher than Mount_Hungabee neighbouring peaks . Mount_Hungabee can be seen from the Icefields Parkway ( # 93 ) in the upper Bow Valley .
eos 
eos Mount_Hunter_Alaska , or Begguya , is a mountain in Denali National Park in Alaska .
eos Mount_Hunter_Alaska is approximately 8 miles ( 13 km ) south of Mount McKinley , or Denali , the highest peak in North America . ` ` Begguya '' means child ( of Denali ) in the Dena'ina language .
eos ` ` Begguya '' means child ( of Denali ) in the Dena'ina language . Mount_Hunter_Alaska is the third highest major peak in the Alaska Range .
eos ` ` Begguya '' means child ( of Denali ) in the Dena'ina language . Mount_Hunter_Alaska is the third highest major peak in the Alaska Range . Mount_Hunter_Alaska has a complex structure :
eos 
eos Mount_Jackson_Montana is a 10,052 feet ( 3064 meters ) peak in Glacier National Park and one of the six over 10,000 feet in the park .
eos Mount_Jackson_Montana is a 10,052 feet ( 3064 meters ) peak in Glacier National Park and one of the six over 10,000 feet in the park . Mount_Jackson_Montana is part of the Rocky Mountain and Lewis Ranges and
eos 
eos Mount_Jefferson_Oregon is an inactive stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc , the Cascade Range and Mount_Jefferson_Oregon is the second - highest mountain in Oregon . Situated in the far northeastern corner of Linn County about 60 miles ( 96 km ) east of Corvallis ,
eos Mount_Jefferson_Oregon is an inactive stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc , the Cascade Range and Mount_Jefferson_Oregon is the second - highest mountain in Oregon . Situated in the far northeastern corner of Linn County about 60 miles ( 96 km ) east of Corvallis , Mount_Jefferson_Oregon is in a rugged wilderness and Mount_Jefferson_Oregon is thus one of the hardest volcanoes to reach in the Cascades ( logging road 1044 does come within 4 miles ( 6 km ) of the summit , however ) . Many people consider
eos Situated in the far northeastern corner of Linn County about 60 miles ( 96 km ) east of Corvallis , Mount_Jefferson_Oregon is in a rugged wilderness and Mount_Jefferson_Oregon is thus one of the hardest volcanoes to reach in the Cascades ( logging road 1044 does come within 4 miles ( 6 km ) of the summit , however ) . Many people consider Mount_Jefferson_Oregon craggy , deeply glacially - scarred appearance to be especially beautiful and photogenic .
eos 
eos Mount_Joffre is a mountain located on the Continental Divide , in the extreme southern tip of Peter Lougheed Provincial Park .
eos 
eos Mount_Kanaga is a stratovolcano at the northern tip of Kanaga Island in the Aleutian Islands , Alaska .
eos Mount_Kanaga is situated within a caldera , which forms the arcuate Kanaton Ridge south and east of Kanaga . A crater lake occupies part of the SE caldera floor . The summit of
eos A crater lake occupies part of the SE caldera floor . The summit of Mount_Kanaga has a crater with fumarolic activity .
eos The summit of Mount_Kanaga has a crater with fumarolic activity . Mount_Kanaga is located about 25 km ( 16 mi ) west of the US Navy installation and port on Adak Island .
eos 
eos Mount_Karthala is an active volcano and the highest point of the Comoros at 2361 m above sea level .
eos Mount_Karthala is an active volcano and the highest point of the Comoros at 2361 m above sea level . Mount_Karthala is the southernmost and largest of the two shield volcanoes forming Grande Comore island , the largest island in the nation of Comoros .
eos Mount_Karthala is the southernmost and largest of the two shield volcanoes forming Grande Comore island , the largest island in the nation of Comoros . Mount_Karthala is notoriously active , having erupted more than 20 times since the 19th century . Frequent eruptions have shaped
eos 
eos Mount_Katahdin ( USGS name ) is the highest mountain in Maine . Called Katahdin by people local to
eos Mount_Katahdin ( USGS name ) is the highest mountain in Maine . Called Katahdin by people local to Mount_Katahdin and by the Penobscot Indians : the term means ` ` The Greatest Mountain '' .
eos Called Katahdin by people local to Mount_Katahdin and by the Penobscot Indians : the term means ` ` The Greatest Mountain '' . Mount_Katahdin is located in east central Piscataquis County about 25 miles ( 40 km ) northwest of Millinocket .
eos Mount_Katahdin is located in east central Piscataquis County about 25 miles ( 40 km ) northwest of Millinocket . Mount_Katahdin divides the East and West Branches of the Penobscot River and Mount_Katahdin is the northern terminus of the Appalachian Trail . From the low lake country to the south and east ,
eos 
eos "" Ossetic : Урсхох "" , Urskhokh ( White Mount ) ; "" Georgian : "" "" "" , Mqinvartsveri ) , is a volcano and one of the chief mountains of the Caucasus .
eos ; "" Georgian : "" "" "" , Mqinvartsveri ) , is a volcano and one of the chief mountains of the Caucasus . Mount_Kazbek is located on the border between Russia and Georgia , dominating the town of Stepantsminda near the border with North Ossetia .
eos Mount_Kazbek is located on the border between Russia and Georgia , dominating the town of Stepantsminda near the border with North Ossetia . Mount_Kazbek is the third highest mountain in Georgia ( after Mount Shkhara and Janga ) and the seventh highest peak in the Caucasus Mountains . Georgians call
eos Mount_Kazbek is the third highest mountain in Georgia ( after Mount Shkhara and Janga ) and the seventh highest peak in the Caucasus Mountains . Georgians call Mount_Kazbek Mqinvari meaning ` ` glacier '' or ` ` Ice Mountain '' .
eos Georgians call Mount_Kazbek Mqinvari meaning ` ` glacier '' or ` ` Ice Mountain '' . Mount_Kazbek is located on the Khokh Range , a mountain range which runs north of the Greater Caucasus Range , and which is pierced by the gorges of the Ardon and the Terek .
eos Mount_Kazbek lies along the edge of the Borjomi - Kazbegi Fault ( which is a northern sub - ending of the Anatolian Fault ) . The region is highly active tectonically , with numerous small earthquakes occurring at regular intervals . An active geothermal / hot spring system also surrounds
eos The region is highly active tectonically , with numerous small earthquakes occurring at regular intervals . An active geothermal / hot spring system also surrounds Mount_Kazbek .
eos An active geothermal / hot spring system also surrounds Mount_Kazbek . Mount_Kazbek represents a dormant volcano , built up of trachyte and sheathed with lava , and Mount_Kazbek has the shape of a double cone , whose base lies at an altitude of 1,770 m ( 5,800 ft ) .
eos Mount_Kazbek represents a dormant volcano , built up of trachyte and sheathed with lava , and Mount_Kazbek has the shape of a double cone , whose base lies at an altitude of 1,770 m ( 5,800 ft ) . Mount_Kazbek is the highest of the volcanic cones of the Kazbegi volcanic group which also includes Mount Khabarjina ( 3142 metres ) . Owing to the steepness of
eos Mount_Kazbek represents a dormant volcano , built up of trachyte and sheathed with lava , and Mount_Kazbek has the shape of a double cone , whose base lies at an altitude of 1,770 m ( 5,800 ft ) . Mount_Kazbek is the highest of the volcanic cones of the Kazbegi volcanic group which also includes Mount Khabarjina ( 3142 metres ) . Owing to the steepness of Mount_Kazbek slopes , the glaciers of
eos Mount_Kazbek is the highest of the volcanic cones of the Kazbegi volcanic group which also includes Mount Khabarjina ( 3142 metres ) . Owing to the steepness of Mount_Kazbek slopes , the glaciers of Mount_Kazbek are not very large . The total combined area of all of
eos The total combined area of all of Mount_Kazbek glaciers is 135 km ² . The best - known glacier is the Dyevdorak ( Devdaraki ) , which creeps down the north - eastern slope into a gorge of the same name , reaching a level of 2,295 m ( 7,530 ft ) .
eos The best - known glacier is the Dyevdorak ( Devdaraki ) , which creeps down the north - eastern slope into a gorge of the same name , reaching a level of 2,295 m ( 7,530 ft ) . Mount_Kazbek other glaciers include the Mna , Denkara , Gergeti , Abano and Chata . The recent collapse of the Kolka Glacier , located in a valley between Mt. Jimara and
eos The best - known glacier is the Dyevdorak ( Devdaraki ) , which creeps down the north - eastern slope into a gorge of the same name , reaching a level of 2,295 m ( 7,530 ft ) . Mount_Kazbek other glaciers include the Mna , Denkara , Gergeti , Abano and Chata . The recent collapse of the Kolka Glacier , located in a valley between Mt. Jimara and Mount_Kazbek in 2002 was attributed to sulphuric volcanic activity along the northern slope of
eos Mount_Kazbek other glaciers include the Mna , Denkara , Gergeti , Abano and Chata . The recent collapse of the Kolka Glacier , located in a valley between Mt. Jimara and Mount_Kazbek in 2002 was attributed to sulphuric volcanic activity along the northern slope of Mount_Kazbek , although there was no eruption . At
eos 
eos Mount_Keira ( pronounced / ˈkɪərə / ) is a 463.9 metre high mountain lying 4 kilometres northwest of the city of Wollongong , New South Wales , Australia .
eos Mount_Keira ( pronounced / ˈkɪərə / ) is a 463.9 metre high mountain lying 4 kilometres northwest of the city of Wollongong , New South Wales , Australia . Mount_Keira distinctive shape and proximity to Wollongong make
eos Mount_Keira ( pronounced / ˈkɪərə / ) is a 463.9 metre high mountain lying 4 kilometres northwest of the city of Wollongong , New South Wales , Australia . Mount_Keira distinctive shape and proximity to Wollongong make Mount_Keira a major local landmark .
eos Mount_Keira ( pronounced / ˈkɪərə / ) is a 463.9 metre high mountain lying 4 kilometres northwest of the city of Wollongong , New South Wales , Australia . Mount_Keira distinctive shape and proximity to Wollongong make Mount_Keira a major local landmark . Mount_Keira is noted for the views of the city from the popular summit lookout and
eos Mount_Keira distinctive shape and proximity to Wollongong make Mount_Keira a major local landmark . Mount_Keira is noted for the views of the city from the popular summit lookout and Mount_Keira history of coal mining .
eos Mount_Keira is noted for the views of the city from the popular summit lookout and Mount_Keira history of coal mining . Mount_Keira was formed as part of the Illawarra escarpment fold between 80 and 60 million years ago and the erosion by creeks that ensued .
eos Mount_Keira was formed as part of the Illawarra escarpment fold between 80 and 60 million years ago and the erosion by creeks that ensued . Mount_Keira is an indigenous Australian term meaning large lagoon or high mountain . The aborigines called
eos Mount_Keira is an indigenous Australian term meaning large lagoon or high mountain . The aborigines called Mount_Keira Djera , meaning wild turkey . The first maps of the area called Mount_Keira Keera , later adding the i.
eos Mount_Keira is an indigenous Australian term meaning large lagoon or high mountain . The aborigines called Mount_Keira Djera , meaning wild turkey . The first maps of the area called
eos The aborigines called Mount_Keira Djera , meaning wild turkey . The first maps of the area called Mount_Keira Keera , later adding the i. Mount_Keira is usually pronounced Kee - rah . Keira is also the name of the local government area including
eos The first maps of the area called Mount_Keira Keera , later adding the i. Mount_Keira is usually pronounced Kee - rah . Keira is also the name of the local government area including Mount_Keira and an area of Wollongong 's suburbs . Mount Keira is also the name of the suburb on
eos The first maps of the area called Mount_Keira Keera , later adding the i. Mount_Keira is usually pronounced Kee - rah . Keira is also the name of the local government area including Mount_Keira and an area of Wollongong 's suburbs . Mount Keira is also the name of the suburb on Mount_Keira southern flank , not to be confused with Keiraville on
eos Mount Kembla ( ) is a mountain in New South Wales , Australia , as well a suburb of Wollongong , which gets its name from
eos Mount Kembla ( ) is a mountain in New South Wales , Australia , as well a suburb of Wollongong , which gets its name from Mount_Kembla . Kembla is an Aboriginal word meaning ` ` plenty of game '' .
eos The small village of Kembla Heights is part of the suburb but to the northwest , reached by Harry Graham Drive . The Mount Kembla Colliery was opened in 1883 . BHP Billiton is a mining / steel export company which owns substantial property on and around
eos BHP Billiton is a mining / steel export company which owns substantial property on and around Mount_Kembla . It is currently mining at the Dendrobium site , half a kilometre west of the village .
eos BHP Billiton is a mining / steel export company which owns substantial property on and around Mount_Kembla . It is currently mining at the Dendrobium site , half a kilometre west of the village . Mount_Kembla is joined to the west by the Illawarra escarpment and in particular a mass with two lower summits , Kembla West ( 512 m ) and Mount Burelli ( 531 m ) .
eos 
eos Mount_Kerinci ( also spelled Kerintji , among several other ways , and referred to as Gunung Kerinci , Gadang , Berapi Kurinci , Kerinchi , Korinci , or Peak of Indrapura as well ) is the highest volcano in Indonesia , and the highest peak in Sumatra .
eos Mount_Kerinci ( also spelled Kerintji , among several other ways , and referred to as Gunung Kerinci , Gadang , Berapi Kurinci , Kerinchi , Korinci , or Peak of Indrapura as well ) is the highest volcano in Indonesia , and the highest peak in Sumatra . Mount_Kerinci is located in Province of Jambi , the west central part of the island , in the Pegunungan / Bukit Barisan , near the west coast , and Mount_Kerinci is about 130 km south of Padang .
eos Mount_Kerinci is the most prominent feature of the terrain of Kerinci Seblat National Park , with pine - forested slopes rising 2,400 - 3,300 metres above the surrounding basin , and a cone 13 km wide and 25 km long at the base , elongated in the north - south direction . At the summit there is a deep 600 m wide crater , often partially filled with green - yellow water .
eos At the summit there is a deep 600 m wide crater , often partially filled with green - yellow water . Mount_Kerinci is more active than most Indonesian volcanoes , with nearly annual phreatic eruptions .
eos Mount_Kerinci is more active than most Indonesian volcanoes , with nearly annual phreatic eruptions . Mount_Kerinci last erupted in 2004 , and Mount_Kerinci continues to spew clouds of sulphurous smoke , with plumes reaching as high as 1000 m above the summit . While there is farmland in the area , and a tea plantation on Mount_Kerinci southern slope , Mount_Kerinci , being located in an Indonesian national park , and perhaps out of respect for
eos Mount_Kerinci is more active than most Indonesian volcanoes , with nearly annual phreatic eruptions . Mount_Kerinci last erupted in 2004 , and Mount_Kerinci continues to spew clouds of sulphurous smoke , with plumes reaching as high as 1000 m above the summit . While there is farmland in the area , and a tea plantation on
eos Mount_Kerinci is more active than most Indonesian volcanoes , with nearly annual phreatic eruptions . Mount_Kerinci last erupted in 2004 , and Mount_Kerinci continues to spew clouds of sulphurous smoke , with plumes reaching as high as 1000 m above the summit . While there is farmland in the area , and a tea plantation on Mount_Kerinci southern slope ,
eos 
eos Mount_Kilimanjaro with
eos Mount_Kilimanjaro with Mount_Kilimanjaro three volcanic cones , Kibo , Mawensi , and Shira , is an inactive stratovolcano in north - eastern Tanzania . Although
eos Mount_Kilimanjaro with Mount_Kilimanjaro three volcanic cones , Kibo , Mawensi , and Shira , is an inactive stratovolcano in north - eastern Tanzania . Although Mount_Kilimanjaro does not have the highest elevation ,
eos Mount_Kilimanjaro with Mount_Kilimanjaro three volcanic cones , Kibo , Mawensi , and Shira , is an inactive stratovolcano in north - eastern Tanzania . Although Mount_Kilimanjaro does not have the highest elevation , Mount_Kilimanjaro is the tallest free - standing mountain rise rising 4600 m from
eos Mount_Kilimanjaro with Mount_Kilimanjaro three volcanic cones , Kibo , Mawensi , and Shira , is an inactive stratovolcano in north - eastern Tanzania . Although Mount_Kilimanjaro does not have the highest elevation , Mount_Kilimanjaro is the tallest free - standing mountain rise rising 4600 m from Mount_Kilimanjaro base , and Mount_Kilimanjaro includes the highest peak in Africa at 5,895 meters ( 19,340 ft ) , providing a dramatic view from the surrounding plains .
eos 
eos Mount_Kinabalu ( Malay : Gunung Kinabalu ) is a prominent mountain in Southeast Asia .
eos ( Malay : Gunung Kinabalu ) is a prominent mountain in Southeast Asia . Mount_Kinabalu is located in Kinabalu National Park ( a World Heritage Site ) in the east Malaysian state of Sabah , which is on the island of Borneo in the tropics . In 1997 , a re - survey using satellite technology established
eos Mount_Kinabalu is located in Kinabalu National Park ( a World Heritage Site ) in the east Malaysian state of Sabah , which is on the island of Borneo in the tropics . In 1997 , a re - survey using satellite technology established Mount_Kinabalu summit ( known as Low 's Peak ) height at 4095 m above sea level , which is some less than the previously thought and hitherto published figure of 4,101 metres ( 13,455 ft ) .
eos In 1997 , a re - survey using satellite technology established Mount_Kinabalu summit ( known as Low 's Peak ) height at 4095 m above sea level , which is some less than the previously thought and hitherto published figure of 4,101 metres ( 13,455 ft ) . Mount_Kinabalu is the fourth tallest in Southeast Asia behind Hkakabo Razi of Myanmar ( 5881 meter ) , Puncak Jaya ( 4884 meter ) and Puncak Trikora ( 4750 meter ) of Papua , Indonesia , and Mount_Kinabalu is therefore also the tallest in Malaysia and on the island of Borneo , which Malaysia shares with Indonesia and Brunei .
eos In 1997 , a re - survey using satellite technology established Mount_Kinabalu summit ( known as Low 's Peak ) height at 4095 m above sea level , which is some less than the previously thought and hitherto published figure of 4,101 metres ( 13,455 ft ) . Mount_Kinabalu is the fourth tallest in Southeast Asia behind Hkakabo Razi of Myanmar ( 5881 meter ) , Puncak Jaya ( 4884 meter ) and Puncak Trikora ( 4750 meter ) of Papua , Indonesia , and Mount_Kinabalu is therefore also the tallest in Malaysia and on the island of Borneo , which Malaysia shares with Indonesia and Brunei . Mount_Kinabalu and
eos Mount_Kinabalu is the fourth tallest in Southeast Asia behind Hkakabo Razi of Myanmar ( 5881 meter ) , Puncak Jaya ( 4884 meter ) and Puncak Trikora ( 4750 meter ) of Papua , Indonesia , and Mount_Kinabalu is therefore also the tallest in Malaysia and on the island of Borneo , which Malaysia shares with Indonesia and Brunei . Mount_Kinabalu and Mount_Kinabalu surroundings feature a huge variety of flora , and Mount_Kinabalu is one of the world 's most important biological sites . The main peak of
eos 
eos Mount_Kirkpatrick is a lofty , generally ice - free mountain in Antarctica 's Queen Alexandra Range . Located 8 km ( 5 mi ) west of Mount Dickerson ,
eos Mount_Kirkpatrick is a lofty , generally ice - free mountain in Antarctica 's Queen Alexandra Range . Located 8 km ( 5 mi ) west of Mount Dickerson , Mount_Kirkpatrick is the highest point in the range . Discovered and named by the British Antarctic Expedition ( 1907 - 09 ) ,
eos Located 8 km ( 5 mi ) west of Mount Dickerson , Mount_Kirkpatrick is the highest point in the range . Discovered and named by the British Antarctic Expedition ( 1907 - 09 ) , Mount_Kirkpatrick was named for a Glasgow businessman , who was one of the original supporters of the expedition . Mount Kilpatrick is an alternate name for
eos 
eos Mount_Kitchener is located within the Columbia Icefield of Jasper National Park , which is part of the Canadian Rockies .
eos Mount_Kitchener is located within the Columbia Icefield of Jasper National Park , which is part of the Canadian Rockies . Mount_Kitchener can be seen from the Icefields Parkway ( # 93 ) near Sunwapta Pass .
eos Mount_Kitchener can be seen from the Icefields Parkway ( # 93 ) near Sunwapta Pass . Mount_Kitchener was originally named Mount Douglas by J Norman Collie after David Douglas . In 1916 ,
eos Mount_Kitchener can be seen from the Icefields Parkway ( # 93 ) near Sunwapta Pass . Mount_Kitchener was originally named Mount Douglas by J Norman Collie after David Douglas . In 1916 , Mount_Kitchener was renamed to
eos 
eos Mount_Korab ( Macedonian : Голем Кораб , Golem Korab ; Albanian : Maja e Korabit / Mali i Korabit ) is the highest mountain of the Republic of Macedonia and Albania ,
eos Mount_Korab ( Macedonian : Голем Кораб , Golem Korab ; Albanian : Maja e Korabit / Mali i Korabit ) is the highest mountain of the Republic of Macedonia and Albania , Mount_Korab peak forms a frontier between the two countries .
eos ( Macedonian : Голем Кораб , Golem Korab ; Albanian : Maja e Korabit / Mali i Korabit ) is the highest mountain of the Republic of Macedonia and Albania , Mount_Korab peak forms a frontier between the two countries . Mount_Korab is adjacent to the Aar Mountain .
eos In its highest part , above 2,000 m , the climate is alpine and includes some alpine flora elements . The state border intersects the higher peak , Great Korab . During the Macedonian conflict in 2001 , a front was on
eos In its highest part , above 2,000 m , the climate is alpine and includes some alpine flora elements . The state border intersects the higher peak , Great Korab . During the Macedonian conflict in 2001 , a front was on Mount_Korab , and there is still a mined zone around
eos The state border intersects the higher peak , Great Korab . During the Macedonian conflict in 2001 , a front was on Mount_Korab , and there is still a mined zone around Mount_Korab . Ascending
eos During the Macedonian conflict in 2001 , a front was on Mount_Korab , and there is still a mined zone around Mount_Korab . Ascending Mount_Korab is possible from the Macedonian side after complicated bureaucratic procedures , accompanied by a military escort . There are no formal restrictions on climbing
eos A four wheel drive vehicle with high clearance may be required . There are no accurate and up to date maps , local signposting is poor , and hikers may have to overcome the additional problem of aggressive dogs . The best chance to climb
eos 
eos Mount_Kosciuszko , located in the Snowy Mountains , in Kosciuszko National Park , is the highest mountain in Australia ( not including its external territories ) , at 2,228 m above sea level .
eos Mount_Kosciuszko , located in the Snowy Mountains , in Kosciuszko National Park , is the highest mountain in Australia ( not including its external territories ) , at 2,228 m above sea level . Mount_Kosciuszko was named by the Polish explorer Count Paul Strzelecki in 1840 , in honour of the Polish national hero General Tadeusz Kościuszko , because of
eos Mount_Kosciuszko , located in the Snowy Mountains , in Kosciuszko National Park , is the highest mountain in Australia ( not including its external territories ) , at 2,228 m above sea level . Mount_Kosciuszko was named by the Polish explorer Count Paul Strzelecki in 1840 , in honour of the Polish national hero General Tadeusz Kościuszko , because of Mount_Kosciuszko perceived resemblance to the Kościuszko Mound in Krakow . The name of
eos The name of Mount_Kosciuszko was formerly spelled ` ` Mount Kosciusko , '' an Anglicisation ; but the version ` ` Mount Kosciuszko '' was officially adopted in 1997 by the Geographical Names Board of NSW . The common Australian pronunciation of Kosciuszko , ` ` kozzy - osko '' , differs from the pronunciation in Polish , "" IPA : ˈkoɕˈtɕuʃko "" ` ` kosh - CHOOSH - ko '' . Various measurements of the peak originally called by that name showed it to be slightly lower than its neighbour , Mount Townsend , and the names were thereupon transposed by the New South Wales Lands Department , so that
eos 
eos Mount_Lafayette is a 5,260 ' mountain at the northern end of the Franconia Range in the White Mountains of New Hampshire .
eos Mount_Lafayette is a 5,260 ' mountain at the northern end of the Franconia Range in the White Mountains of New Hampshire . Mount_Lafayette is one of the most popular day - hike destinations in the White Mountain National Forest due to spectacular views at
eos Mount_Lafayette is a 5,260 ' mountain at the northern end of the Franconia Range in the White Mountains of New Hampshire . Mount_Lafayette is one of the most popular day - hike destinations in the White Mountain National Forest due to spectacular views at Mount_Lafayette summit and
eos Mount_Lafayette is a 5,260 ' mountain at the northern end of the Franconia Range in the White Mountains of New Hampshire . Mount_Lafayette is one of the most popular day - hike destinations in the White Mountain National Forest due to spectacular views at Mount_Lafayette summit and Mount_Lafayette location beside Interstate 93 . The upper portion of
eos Mount_Lafayette is one of the most popular day - hike destinations in the White Mountain National Forest due to spectacular views at Mount_Lafayette summit and Mount_Lafayette location beside Interstate 93 . The upper portion of Mount_Lafayette is located in the Alpine Zone , an area of little vegetation characterized by rock fields and harsh weather . A variety of trails lead up over 3,000 vertical feet ( 900 m ) to
eos A variety of trails lead up over 3,000 vertical feet ( 900 m ) to Mount_Lafayette exposed summit . The Greenleaf Trail begins at the parking lot for the Cannon Mountain tramway and ascends to the Appalachian Mountain Club 's Greenleaf Hut , then continues to the summit . The Bridle Path trail follows a western spur ridge of
eos A very popular hike is to make a loop combining the three most notable summits of the Franconia Range . The loop starts with the Old Bridle Path to the AMC Greenleaf Hut . From there , one takes the Greenleaf Trail to the summit of
eos Turning south along the Franconia Ridge Trail , one passes over Mount Lincoln and Little Haystack , then descends via the Falling Waters Trail , which connects back with the beginning of the Old Bridle Path . This loop is 8.9 miles long , with a cumulative vertical elevation gain of about 3900 feet .
eos This loop is 8.9 miles long , with a cumulative vertical elevation gain of about 3900 feet . Mount_Lafayette is the highest point in the Franconia Range , a line of peaks along the east side of Franconia Notch .
eos Mount_Lafayette is the highest point in the Franconia Range , a line of peaks along the east side of Franconia Notch . Mount_Lafayette is the highest peak in New Hampshire outside of the Presidential Range , ranking sixth in elevation on the list of New Hampshire four - thousand footers and fourth in topographic prominence on the New England Fifty Finest list . On the western side ,
eos Mount_Lafayette is the highest peak in New Hampshire outside of the Presidential Range , ranking sixth in elevation on the list of New Hampshire four - thousand footers and fourth in topographic prominence on the New England Fifty Finest list . On the western side , Mount_Lafayette lower slopes lie inside Franconia Notch State Park . The remainder of
eos 
eos Mount_Langley is located on the crest of the Sierra Nevada Mountains , on the border of Inyo and Tulare counties , in eastern California in the southwestern United States . To the east is Owens Valley , and to the west is the Kern River Valley . At 14,026 feet ( 4,275 m ) ,
eos Mount Whitney , the highest peak in the contiguous United States , lies 5 miles ( 8 km ) to the northwest . The Geological survey marker at the summit shows an elevation of 14,042 feet . Today ,
eos The Geological survey marker at the summit shows an elevation of 14,042 feet . Today , Mount_Langley is named after Samuel Pierpont Langley . In the early 1870s ,
eos Today , Mount_Langley is named after Samuel Pierpont Langley . In the early 1870s , Mount_Langley was confused with Mount Whitney by early climbers , and called by this name . When the mistake was realized ,
eos In the early 1870s , Mount_Langley was confused with Mount Whitney by early climbers , and called by this name . When the mistake was realized , Mount_Langley was alternately called Mount Corcoran , Cirque Peak , or Sheep Mountain ; the former two names being later attached to other mountains . But
eos When the mistake was realized , Mount_Langley was alternately called Mount Corcoran , Cirque Peak , or Sheep Mountain ; the former two names being later attached to other mountains . But Mount_Langley current name became established in local usage , and was made official by the USGS .
eos A hiking trail starts at nearby Horseshoe Meadow ( elevation of around 10,000 feet ) , passes scenic Cottonwood Lakes , and climbs through New Army Pass . From there climbers make their way across a mountain meadow and up a long gradual slope of rock and gravel before making a Class 2 scramble to the summit . New Army pass is 7 miles from the trail head at Horseshoe meadow and is a more difficult approach to
eos A hiking trail starts at nearby Horseshoe Meadow ( elevation of around 10,000 feet ) , passes scenic Cottonwood Lakes , and climbs through New Army Pass . From there climbers make their way across a mountain meadow and up a long gradual slope of rock and gravel before making a Class 2 scramble to the summit . New Army pass is 7 miles from the trail head at Horseshoe meadow and is a more difficult approach to Mount_Langley than Old Army Pass , which is recommended for hikers to
eos 
eos The north side is deeply eroded and the eastern side contains parasitic crater lakes and parasitic cones . A fumarolic area is located on the south flank at 2,550 m . The only reported activity of
eos 
eos Mount_Lefroy is a mountain on the Continental Divide , at the border of Alberta and British Columbia in western Canada .
eos Mount_Lefroy is a mountain on the Continental Divide , at the border of Alberta and British Columbia in western Canada . Mount_Lefroy resides on the eastern side of Abbot Pass .
eos Mount_Lefroy resides on the eastern side of Abbot Pass . Mount_Lefroy was named by George M Dawson in 1894 for Sir John Henry Lefroy ( 1817 - 1890 ) , an astronomer who had traveled over 8800 km in Canada 's north between 1842 - 44 making meteorological and magnetic observations .
eos 
eos Mount_Lemmon is in the Santa Catalina Mountains located in the Coronado National Forest north of Tucson , AZ . .
eos Mount_Lemmon is in the Santa Catalina Mountains located in the Coronado National Forest north of Tucson , AZ . . Mount_Lemmon is 9,157 feet above sea - level , and Mount_Lemmon receives approximately 180 inches of snow annually .
eos Mount_Lemmon is in the Santa Catalina Mountains located in the Coronado National Forest north of Tucson , AZ . . Mount_Lemmon is 9,157 feet above sea - level , and Mount_Lemmon receives approximately 180 inches of snow annually . Mount_Lemmon was named in honor of botanist Sarah Lemmon , who trekked to the top of
eos Mount_Lemmon is 9,157 feet above sea - level , and Mount_Lemmon receives approximately 180 inches of snow annually . Mount_Lemmon was named in honor of botanist Sarah Lemmon , who trekked to the top of Mount_Lemmon with Native American guides by mule and foot in 1881 . Her husband , John Gill Lemmon , an invalid , remained at the base of
eos Mount_Lemmon was named in honor of botanist Sarah Lemmon , who trekked to the top of Mount_Lemmon with Native American guides by mule and foot in 1881 . Her husband , John Gill Lemmon , an invalid , remained at the base of Mount_Lemmon . A small town called Summerhaven is on
eos It is near Ski Valley which is the southernmost ski destination in the continental United States . It is the site of an observatory , which was formerly the site of a radar base of the Air Defense Command , and the building that formerly housed a military emergency radar tracking station for landing the Space Shuttle at White Sands Missile Range . Although the United States Military had a presence on
eos It is the site of an observatory , which was formerly the site of a radar base of the Air Defense Command , and the building that formerly housed a military emergency radar tracking station for landing the Space Shuttle at White Sands Missile Range . Although the United States Military had a presence on Mount_Lemmon for several decades all their facilities have been abandoned . The telescopes on
eos The telescopes on Mount_Lemmon are still used for astronomical research today by organizations such as the Catalina Sky Survey , although the most frequent users are participants in the University of Arizona Astronomy Camp program . The location ` Windy Point ' was built by the Federal Bureau of Prisons , using a large number of prisoners over a period of 18 years , and is a popular place for outdoor weddings . There is also an isolated population of American Red Squirrels on
eos There is also an isolated population of American Red Squirrels on Mount_Lemmon , which have been the focus of a number of environmental concerns , and have restricted development . The Catalina Highway , also called the Mount Lemmon Highway , as well as the Hitchcock Highway ( after Frank Harris Hitchcock , the local newspaper editor who inspired its construction ) runs up the Santa Catalina Mountains from the east side of Tucson up to Summerhaven , at the top of
eos The beautiful , curving road is a favorite drive for tourists , for locals escaping summer 's heat , for motorcyclists , and cyclists . The highway has been improved recently , but the speed limit has also been lowered to 35 MPH ( 56 km / h ) due to concerns about the highway 's safety during peak traffic times . A dirt road to the summit on the ` ` back side '' of
eos 
eos Mount_Lincoln_Colorado is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado .
eos Mount_Lincoln_Colorado is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado . Mount_Lincoln_Colorado is the eighth highest peak in the state , and the 11th highest in the contiguous United States .
eos Mount_Lincoln_Colorado is the eighth highest peak in the state , and the 11th highest in the contiguous United States . Mount_Lincoln_Colorado is located in the Mosquito Range , just west of Hoosier Pass , and Mount_Lincoln_Colorado is the highest peak in that range .
eos 
eos Mount_Louis is a mountain located in southeast Banff National Park in Alberta , Canada .
eos Mount_Louis is a mountain located in southeast Banff National Park in Alberta , Canada . Mount_Louis is part of the Sawback Range .
eos 
eos Mount_Lowe_California is a mountain on the southern fold of the San Gabriel Mountains . Originally named Oak Mountain ,
eos Mount_Lowe_California is a mountain on the southern fold of the San Gabriel Mountains . Originally named Oak Mountain , Mount_Lowe_California was renamed for Professor Thaddeus SC Lowe , who is credited for being the first white man to set foot on and plant the American flag at
eos Mount_Lowe_California is a mountain on the southern fold of the San Gabriel Mountains . Originally named Oak Mountain , Mount_Lowe_California was renamed for Professor Thaddeus SC Lowe , who is credited for being the first white man to set foot on and plant the American flag at Mount_Lowe_California peak , and who built the Mount Lowe Railway to
eos Originally named Oak Mountain , Mount_Lowe_California was renamed for Professor Thaddeus SC Lowe , who is credited for being the first white man to set foot on and plant the American flag at Mount_Lowe_California peak , and who built the Mount Lowe Railway to Mount_Lowe_California foot in 1896 . The record of the naming was made official by Andrew McNally , the famous Chicago map printer and summertime resident of Altadena , who promised to print ` ` Mount Lowe '' on all his maps .
eos The record of the naming was made official by Andrew McNally , the famous Chicago map printer and summertime resident of Altadena , who promised to print ` ` Mount Lowe '' on all his maps . Mount_Lowe_California was established as an alternate route for the Mount Lowe Railway when attempts to procure rights of way to the more prominent Mount Wilson had failed . A number of trails stem from
eos Mount_Lowe_California was established as an alternate route for the Mount Lowe Railway when attempts to procure rights of way to the more prominent Mount Wilson had failed . A number of trails stem from Mount_Lowe_California due to the Mount Lowe Tavern which was built at Crystal Springs below the summit and operated from 1895 - 1936 . One of the historic trails was the ` ` Mount Lowe Eight '' which was a mule ride attraction of the hotel that made a figure eight shaped route starting at the Tavern , ascending the summit of
eos One of the historic trails was the ` ` Mount Lowe Eight '' which was a mule ride attraction of the hotel that made a figure eight shaped route starting at the Tavern , ascending the summit of Mount_Lowe_California , returning to the Tavern , and crisscrossing to a trail that headed down Castle Canyon . From there the trail passed down to the Echo Mountain resort and ascended on the return to the Tavern .
eos 
eos Mount_Lucania is the third highest mountain in Canada . A long ridge connects
eos Mount_Lucania is the third highest mountain in Canada . A long ridge connects Mount_Lucania with Mount Steele ( 5,073 m ) , the fifth highest in Canada .
eos A long ridge connects Mount_Lucania with Mount Steele ( 5,073 m ) , the fifth highest in Canada . Mount_Lucania is named after a region of southern Italy , known today as Basilicata . The first ascent of
eos The ski - equipped Fairchild F-51 made several trips to the landing site on the glacier without event in May , but on landing with Washburn and Bates in june , the plane sank into unseasonal slush . Washburn , Bates and Reeve pressed hard for five days to get the airplane out and Reeve was eventually able to get the airplane airborne with all excess weight removed and with the assistance of a smooth icefall with a steep drop . Washburn and Bates continued on foot to make the first ascent of
eos Washburn , Bates and Reeve pressed hard for five days to get the airplane out and Reeve was eventually able to get the airplane airborne with all excess weight removed and with the assistance of a smooth icefall with a steep drop . Washburn and Bates continued on foot to make the first ascent of Mount_Lucania , and after an epic descent and journey to civilization , they hiked over 150 miles through the wilderness to safety in the small town of Burwash Landing in the Yukon . The second ascent of
eos 
eos The peak elevation , in the town of Underhill , is 4,393 ft . ( 1339 m ) above mean sea level .
eos Mount_Mansfield has the appearance of a ( quite elongated ) human face when viewed from the east or west with distinct forehead , nose , lips , chin ( the highest point ) and an Adam 's apple . These features are most distinct when viewed from the east , looking westward .
eos These features are most distinct when viewed from the east , looking westward . Mount_Mansfield is one of the two spots in Vermont where true alpine tundra survives from the ice ages . A few acres exist on Camel 's Hump immediately to the south , but
eos Mount_Mansfield is one of the two spots in Vermont where true alpine tundra survives from the ice ages . A few acres exist on Camel 's Hump immediately to the south , but Mount_Mansfield summit still holds about 200 acres .
eos Mount_Mansfield is used for various recreational and commercial purposes . The summit is home to transmitter towers for a number of local TV and radio stations .
eos The summit is home to transmitter towers for a number of local TV and radio stations . Mount_Mansfield has many hiking trails , including the Long Trail , which traverses the main ridgeline . Additionally , the east flank of
eos 
eos Mount_Marathon or Marathon Mountain is a mountain two miles west of Seward in the Kenai Mountains of Alaska .
eos Mount_Marathon or Marathon Mountain is a mountain two miles west of Seward in the Kenai Mountains of Alaska . Mount_Marathon actually derives
eos 
eos Mount_Marcus_Baker is the highest peak of the Chugach Mountains of Alaska .
eos Mount_Marcus_Baker is the highest peak of the Chugach Mountains of Alaska . Mount_Marcus_Baker is located approximately 75 miles ( 121 km ) east of Anchorage . Despite not being a fourteener ,
eos Mount_Marcus_Baker is the highest peak of the Chugach Mountains of Alaska . Mount_Marcus_Baker is located approximately 75 miles ( 121 km ) east of Anchorage . Despite not being a fourteener , Mount_Marcus_Baker is a large peak , because
eos Mount_Marcus_Baker is located approximately 75 miles ( 121 km ) east of Anchorage . Despite not being a fourteener , Mount_Marcus_Baker is a large peak , because Mount_Marcus_Baker is situated relatively close to tidewater . When ranked by topographic prominence ,
eos Despite not being a fourteener , Mount_Marcus_Baker is a large peak , because Mount_Marcus_Baker is situated relatively close to tidewater . When ranked by topographic prominence , Mount_Marcus_Baker is one of the top 75 peaks in the world .
eos Despite not being a fourteener , Mount_Marcus_Baker is a large peak , because Mount_Marcus_Baker is situated relatively close to tidewater . When ranked by topographic prominence , Mount_Marcus_Baker is one of the top 75 peaks in the world . Mount_Marcus_Baker was originally called ` ` Mount Saint Agnes '' ; according to Bradford Washburn , James W Bagley of the USGS named
eos Mount_Marcus_Baker was originally called ` ` Mount Saint Agnes '' ; according to Bradford Washburn , James W Bagley of the USGS named Mount_Marcus_Baker after his wife Agnes , adding the ` ` Saint '' in hopes of making the name stick . The name was later changed to honor a cartographer and geologist named Marcus Baker . Actually , a number of noted climbers have perished or sustained permanent injury in attempting to summit
eos 
eos Mount_Martin_Alaska is a stratovolcano , located on the Alaska Peninsula , United States .
eos Mount_Martin_Alaska is a stratovolcano , located on the Alaska Peninsula , United States . Mount_Martin_Alaska is one of the volcanoes in the vicinity of the Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes . Although an eruption in 1953 is now considered questionable and no other confirmed eruptive activity has taken place at
eos Mount_Martin_Alaska is a stratovolcano , located on the Alaska Peninsula , United States . Mount_Martin_Alaska is one of the volcanoes in the vicinity of the Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes . Although an eruption in 1953 is now considered questionable and no other confirmed eruptive activity has taken place at Mount_Martin_Alaska , there is intense fumarolic activity within
eos The 300 m ( 984 ft ) - wide summit crater is often ice - free due to the geothermal heat and contains an intermittent acidic crater lake . The fumaroles in the summit crater produce extensive sulfur deposits .
eos 
eos Mount_Matthews is the highest peak in the Rimutaka Ranges to the east of Wellington Harbour and the Wellington Region in general .
eos Mount_Matthews is the highest peak in the Rimutaka Ranges to the east of Wellington Harbour and the Wellington Region in general . Mount_Matthews reaches a height of 940 metres and although not special on that account ,
eos Mount_Matthews is the highest peak in the Rimutaka Ranges to the east of Wellington Harbour and the Wellington Region in general . Mount_Matthews reaches a height of 940 metres and although not special on that account , Mount_Matthews has significance in regard to
eos Mount_Matthews is the highest peak in the Rimutaka Ranges to the east of Wellington Harbour and the Wellington Region in general . Mount_Matthews reaches a height of 940 metres and although not special on that account , Mount_Matthews has significance in regard to Mount_Matthews distinctive aspect as seen from Wellington the capital city of New Zealand -
eos Mount_Matthews is the highest peak in the Rimutaka Ranges to the east of Wellington Harbour and the Wellington Region in general . Mount_Matthews reaches a height of 940 metres and although not special on that account , Mount_Matthews has significance in regard to Mount_Matthews distinctive aspect as seen from Wellington the capital city of New Zealand - Mount_Matthews is the highest peak that can be seen on the sky line east of the city .
eos 
eos Mount_Merapi , Gunung Merapi in Indonesian language , is a conical volcano located on the border between Central Java and Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
eos Mount_Merapi , Gunung Merapi in Indonesian language , is a conical volcano located on the border between Central Java and Yogyakarta , Indonesia . Mount_Merapi is the most active volcano in Indonesia and Mount_Merapi has erupted regularly since 1548 .
eos Mount_Merapi is the most active volcano in Indonesia and Mount_Merapi has erupted regularly since 1548 . Mount_Merapi name means Mountain of Fire .
eos Mount_Merapi is the most active volcano in Indonesia and Mount_Merapi has erupted regularly since 1548 . Mount_Merapi name means Mountain of Fire . Mount_Merapi is very close to the city of Yogyakarta , and thousands of people live on the flanks of
eos Mount_Merapi name means Mountain of Fire . Mount_Merapi is very close to the city of Yogyakarta , and thousands of people live on the flanks of Mount_Merapi , with villages as high as 1700 m above sea level . Several of
eos Mount_Merapi is very close to the city of Yogyakarta , and thousands of people live on the flanks of Mount_Merapi , with villages as high as 1700 m above sea level . Several of Mount_Merapi eruptions have caused fatalities .
eos Several of Mount_Merapi eruptions have caused fatalities . Mount_Merapi was erupting from 1992 to 2002 , and a particularly large explosion killed 43 people in 1994 .
eos Mount_Merapi was erupting from 1992 to 2002 , and a particularly large explosion killed 43 people in 1994 . Mount_Merapi began erupting again in 2006 , and scientists believe a large eruption is imminent . In light of the hazards
eos Mount_Merapi was erupting from 1992 to 2002 , and a particularly large explosion killed 43 people in 1994 . Mount_Merapi began erupting again in 2006 , and scientists believe a large eruption is imminent . In light of the hazards Mount_Merapi poses to populated areas ,
eos 
eos Mount_Merritt ( 10,004 ft / 3,049 m ) is located in the Lewis Range in the US state of Montana .
eos Mount_Merritt ( 10,004 ft / 3,049 m ) is located in the Lewis Range in the US state of Montana . Mount_Merritt is one of six in Glacier National Park over 10,000 ft ( 3,048 m ) . Located in the northeastern part of the park ,
eos Mount_Merritt is one of six in Glacier National Park over 10,000 ft ( 3,048 m ) . Located in the northeastern part of the park , Mount_Merritt rises dramatically a vertical mile above nearby rivers . The approach to
eos 
eos Mount_Minto_Antarctica is a lofty , mostly ice - free mountain rising to 4,165 metres , located 2.5 mi E of Mount Adam in the central portion of the Admiralty Mountains . Discovered in january 1841 by Capt . James Ross , who named
eos 
eos Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina is the highest peak of the Appalachian Mountains and the highest peak in eastern North America , excluding island summits .
eos Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina was the highest point in any state of the United States until Texas joined the union in 1845 . The nearest higher point on the North American continent is Harney Peak in the Black Hills of South Dakota .
eos The nearest higher point on the North American continent is Harney Peak in the Black Hills of South Dakota . Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina is located near Burnsville in Yancey County , North Carolina , in the Black Mountain subrange of the Appalachians , and about 32 kilometres ( 20 mi ) northeast of Asheville .
eos Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina is located near Burnsville in Yancey County , North Carolina , in the Black Mountain subrange of the Appalachians , and about 32 kilometres ( 20 mi ) northeast of Asheville . Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina is protected by Mount Mitchell State Park and surrounded by the Pisgah National Forest .
eos Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina is located near Burnsville in Yancey County , North Carolina , in the Black Mountain subrange of the Appalachians , and about 32 kilometres ( 20 mi ) northeast of Asheville . Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina is protected by Mount Mitchell State Park and surrounded by the Pisgah National Forest . Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina was named after Elisha Mitchell , a professor at the University of North Carolina , who determined
eos Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina is protected by Mount Mitchell State Park and surrounded by the Pisgah National Forest . Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina was named after Elisha Mitchell , a professor at the University of North Carolina , who determined Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina height in 1835 and fell to his death at nearby Mitchell Falls in 1857 , having returned to verify his earlier measurements . The ascent of
eos The summit once featured a 40 ft ( 12 m ) stone observation tower , which was torn down in late 2006 and is being replaced by a shorter observation platform . Also at the summit is the tomb of Dr. Mitchell . The weather on
eos The weather on Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina is very mild in the summer and very harsh in the winter , more like Maine or southeastern Canada than the southeastern US In 1985 , the coldest temperature ever recorded in the state occurred there on january 21 when it fell to -34 ° F ( -37 ° C ) , during a severe cold spell that brought freezing temperatures as far south as Miami .
eos The high elevations also expose plant life to high levels of pollution , including acid precipitation - rain , snow , and fog with very low pH. These acids damage the spruce and fir trees particularly badly , in part by releasing natural metals from the soil like aluminum , and by leaching important minerals . This stress also reduces the trees ' resistance and immunity to insects , especially to non - native introduced pests like the Balsam woolly adelgid ( see aphid ) . While
eos Repairing the damage is a difficult issue , as the pollutants are often carried in from long distances . Sources can be local or hundreds of miles or kilometers away , requiring cooperation from as far away as the Midwest . Still , hundreds of tourists visit
eos Repairing the damage is a difficult issue , as the pollutants are often carried in from long distances . Sources can be local or hundreds of miles or kilometers away , requiring cooperation from as far away as the Midwest . Still , hundreds of tourists visit Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina each spring through autumn , for
eos 
eos Mount_Monadnock , or Grand Monadnock , of Cheshire County , New Hampshire , is the most prominent peak of southeast New England . At 3165 ft ,
eos Mount_Monadnock , or Grand Monadnock , of Cheshire County , New Hampshire , is the most prominent peak of southeast New England . At 3165 ft , Mount_Monadnock is nearly 1,000 feet ( 305 m ) higher than any mountain peak within 30 miles and Mount_Monadnock rises 2,000 feet ( 610 m ) above the surrounding landscape .
eos At 3165 ft , Mount_Monadnock is nearly 1,000 feet ( 305 m ) higher than any mountain peak within 30 miles and Mount_Monadnock rises 2,000 feet ( 610 m ) above the surrounding landscape . Mount_Monadnock bare , isolated , and rocky summit provides expansive views . A number of hiking trails ascend
eos Mount_Monadnock bare , isolated , and rocky summit provides expansive views . A number of hiking trails ascend Mount_Monadnock , including the 110 mile Metacomet - Monadnock Trail and the 50 mile Monadnock - Sunapee Greenway .
eos A number of hiking trails ascend Mount_Monadnock , including the 110 mile Metacomet - Monadnock Trail and the 50 mile Monadnock - Sunapee Greenway . Mount_Monadnock , sixty - two miles northwest of Boston and thirty - eight miles southwest of Concord , is located within the towns of Jaffrey and Dublin , New Hampshire . The east side of
eos 
eos Mount_Morning is a dome - shaped mountain standing WSW of Mount Discovery and east of Koettlitz Glacier in Victoria Land . Discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition ( 1901 - 04 ) which named
eos 
eos Mount_Morrison_California is located in the Sierra Nevada Mountains in the state of California , in the southwestern United States .
eos Mount_Morrison_California is located in the Sierra Nevada Mountains in the state of California , in the southwestern United States . Mount_Morrison_California rises to the south of Convict Lake , in the Sherwin Range , near the town of Mammoth Lakes .
eos Mount_Morrison_California rises to the south of Convict Lake , in the Sherwin Range , near the town of Mammoth Lakes . Mount_Morrison_California was named after Sheriff Robert Morrison , who was killed near Convict Lake on september 23 , 1871 , as part of a posse pursuing escaped convicts . The natural glass fulgurite appears at the top of
eos 
eos Mount_Morungole lies within the Kidepo Valley National Park , north - east Uganda , Africa .
eos Neighbouring peaks are Mount Zulia , and the Labwor and Dodoth Hills reach heights in excess of 2,000 meters . The local inhabitants were the Ik , who were moved by a previous administration . They were attached to
eos Neighbouring peaks are Mount Zulia , and the Labwor and Dodoth Hills reach heights in excess of 2,000 meters . The local inhabitants were the Ik , who were moved by a previous administration . They were attached to Mount_Morungole considering
eos 
eos Mount_Moulton is a broad , ice - covered mountain standing 16 km ( 10 mi ) E of Mount Berlin in the Flood Range , Marie Byrd Land . Discovered on aerial flights by the United States Antarctic Service in 1940 , and named for Richard S Moulton , chief dog driver at West Base and a member of the survey party which sledged to the western end of the Flood Range in december 1940 . On the northern slopes of
eos 
eos Mount_Muir is a peak in the Sierra Nevada mountain range of California , south of Mount Whitney .
eos Mount_Muir is a peak in the Sierra Nevada mountain range of California , south of Mount Whitney . Mount_Muir rises to 14015 ft , and Mount_Muir is the eleventh highest peak in the state .
eos Mount_Muir rises to 14015 ft , and Mount_Muir is the eleventh highest peak in the state . Mount_Muir is named for John Muir , founder of the Sierra Club , notable California geologist , and American conservationist . The southernmost section of the John Muir Trail contours along the west side of
eos Mount_Muir rises to 14015 ft , and Mount_Muir is the eleventh highest peak in the state . Mount_Muir is named for John Muir , founder of the Sierra Club , notable California geologist , and American conservationist . The southernmost section of the John Muir Trail contours along the west side of Mount_Muir near
eos Mount_Muir is named for John Muir , founder of the Sierra Club , notable California geologist , and American conservationist . The southernmost section of the John Muir Trail contours along the west side of Mount_Muir near Mount_Muir summit and ends on the summit of Mount Whitney .
eos Mount_Muir is named for John Muir , founder of the Sierra Club , notable California geologist , and American conservationist . The southernmost section of the John Muir Trail contours along the west side of Mount_Muir near Mount_Muir summit and ends on the summit of Mount Whitney . Mount_Muir can be climbed on
eos Mount_Muir can be climbed on Mount_Muir west side from the John Muir Trail , involving difficult scrambling up the steep , boulder - strewn slopes to the summit ( YDS Class 2 , Class 3 on the summit block , with some exposure ) . The first ascent is not known . The east side of
eos 
eos 
eos Mount_Nebo_Utah is the southernmost and highest mountain in the Wasatch Range of Utah , in the United States . Named after the biblical Mount Nebo overlooking Israel , which is said to be the place of Moses ' death ,
eos Mount_Nebo_Utah is the southernmost and highest mountain in the Wasatch Range of Utah , in the United States . Named after the biblical Mount Nebo overlooking Israel , which is said to be the place of Moses ' death , Mount_Nebo_Utah is the centerpiece of the Mount Nebo Wilderness , inside the Uinta National Forest .
eos Mount_Nebo_Utah is crowned by three peaks , with the northern peak reaching 11,928 ft ( 3,636 m ) . Original surveys placed the southern peak as the highest at 11,877 ft ( 3,620 m ) . Unfortunately , when
eos Original surveys placed the southern peak as the highest at 11,877 ft ( 3,620 m ) . Unfortunately , when Mount_Nebo_Utah was resurveyed in the 1970s and the northern peak was found to be the highest , two substantial trails already led to the south summit . Parts of
eos Unfortunately , when Mount_Nebo_Utah was resurveyed in the 1970s and the northern peak was found to be the highest , two substantial trails already led to the south summit . Parts of Mount_Nebo_Utah are covered in snow from mid - october until july .
eos Mount_Nebo_Utah is a popular , although strenuous , destination for hikers from the nearby town of Nephi , and the city of Salt Lake City . The Mount Nebo Scenic Byway , a National Scenic Byway , departs I-15 at Payson and climbs to over 9,000 feet before rejoining the interstate at Nephi . The route features panoramic views of
eos 
eos Mount_Ngauruhoe is an active stratovolcano in New Zealand .
eos Mount_Ngauruhoe is an active stratovolcano in New Zealand . Mount_Ngauruhoe is the youngest vent and highest peak in the Tongariro volcanic complex on the Central Plateau of the North Island , and Mount_Ngauruhoe first erupted about 2,500 years ago . Although seen by most as a volcano in
eos Mount_Ngauruhoe is an active stratovolcano in New Zealand . Mount_Ngauruhoe is the youngest vent and highest peak in the Tongariro volcanic complex on the Central Plateau of the North Island , and Mount_Ngauruhoe first erupted about 2,500 years ago . Although seen by most as a volcano in Mount_Ngauruhoe own right ,
eos Mount_Ngauruhoe is the youngest vent and highest peak in the Tongariro volcanic complex on the Central Plateau of the North Island , and Mount_Ngauruhoe first erupted about 2,500 years ago . Although seen by most as a volcano in Mount_Ngauruhoe own right , Mount_Ngauruhoe is technically a secondary cone of Mount Tongariro .
eos Although seen by most as a volcano in Mount_Ngauruhoe own right , Mount_Ngauruhoe is technically a secondary cone of Mount Tongariro . Mount_Ngauruhoe lies between the active volcanoes of Mount Tongariro to the north and Mount Ruapehu to the south , to the west of the Rangipo Desert 25 kilometres to the south of the southern shore of Lake Taupo .
eos Although seen by most as a volcano in Mount_Ngauruhoe own right , Mount_Ngauruhoe is technically a secondary cone of Mount Tongariro . Mount_Ngauruhoe lies between the active volcanoes of Mount Tongariro to the north and Mount Ruapehu to the south , to the west of the Rangipo Desert 25 kilometres to the south of the southern shore of Lake Taupo . Mount_Ngauruhoe erupted 45 times in the 20th century , making
eos Mount_Ngauruhoe lies between the active volcanoes of Mount Tongariro to the north and Mount Ruapehu to the south , to the west of the Rangipo Desert 25 kilometres to the south of the southern shore of Lake Taupo . Mount_Ngauruhoe erupted 45 times in the 20th century , making Mount_Ngauruhoe one of the world 's most active volcanoes in that period .
eos Mount_Ngauruhoe last erupted in 1975 . Fumaroles exist inside the inner crater and on the rim of the eastern , outer crater . There are several possible explanations for
eos There are several possible explanations for Mount_Ngauruhoe name . The most plausible is Nga Uru Hoe , meaning ` ` throwing heated stones '' . In the early 2000s
eos 
eos Mount_Nyamuragira is an active volcano in the Virunga Mountains of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , situated about 25 km north of Lake Kivu .
eos Mount_Nyamuragira is an active volcano in the Virunga Mountains of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , situated about 25 km north of Lake Kivu . Mount_Nyamuragira has been described as Africa 's most active volcano and Mount_Nyamuragira has erupted over 30 times since 1880 . As well as eruptions from the summit , there have been numerous eruptions from the flanks of
eos Mount_Nyamuragira has been described as Africa 's most active volcano and Mount_Nyamuragira has erupted over 30 times since 1880 . As well as eruptions from the summit , there have been numerous eruptions from the flanks of Mount_Nyamuragira , creating new smaller volcanoes that have lasted only for a short time ( eg Murara from late 1976 to 1977 ) .
eos Mount_Nyamuragira is responsible for a large portion of the sulfur dioxide released into the atmosphere by volcanoes . Extensive lava flows can be seen on satellite photographs going 25 km south - west to Lake Kivu , about 22 km north - west and 35 km north - north - east .
eos 
eos Mount_Nyiragongo is a volcano in the Virunga Mountains associated with the Great Rift Valley .
eos 
eos Mount_Olympus ( "" Greek : Όλυμπος "" ; also transliterated as Mount Ólympos , and on modern maps , Óros Ólimbos ) is the highest mountain in Greece at 2,917 meters high ( 9,570 feet ) . Since
eos Mount_Olympus ( "" Greek : Όλυμπος "" ; also transliterated as Mount Ólympos , and on modern maps , Óros Ólimbos ) is the highest mountain in Greece at 2,917 meters high ( 9,570 feet ) . Since Mount_Olympus base is located at sea level ,
eos Mount_Olympus ( "" Greek : Όλυμπος "" ; also transliterated as Mount Ólympos , and on modern maps , Óros Ólimbos ) is the highest mountain in Greece at 2,917 meters high ( 9,570 feet ) . Since Mount_Olympus base is located at sea level , Mount_Olympus is one of the highest mountains in Europe , in real absolute altitude from base to top .
eos Mount_Olympus is situated at 40 ° 05 ` N , 22 ° 21 ` E , in mainland Greece .
eos ` N , 22 ° 21 ` E , in mainland Greece . Mount_Olympus is located about 100 km away from Thessaloniki , Greece 's second largest city .
eos ` N , 22 ° 21 ` E , in mainland Greece . Mount_Olympus is located about 100 km away from Thessaloniki , Greece 's second largest city . Mount_Olympus is noted for
eos Mount_Olympus is located about 100 km away from Thessaloniki , Greece 's second largest city . Mount_Olympus is noted for Mount_Olympus very rich flora with several endemic species . The highest peak on
eos The highest peak on Mount_Olympus is Mitikas at 2,917 meters high ( 9,570 feet ) , which in Greek means ` ` nose '' ( an alternative transliterated spelling of this name is ` ` Mytikas '' ) . Mitikas is the highest peak in Greece , the second highest being Skolio ( 2912 m ) . Any climb to Mount_Olympus starts from the town of Litochoro , which took the name City of Gods because of its location on the roots of
eos The highest peak on Mount_Olympus is Mitikas at 2,917 meters high ( 9,570 feet ) , which in Greek means ` ` nose '' ( an alternative transliterated spelling of this name is ` ` Mytikas '' ) . Mitikas is the highest peak in Greece , the second highest being Skolio ( 2912 m ) . Any climb to
eos Any climb to Mount_Olympus starts from the town of Litochoro , which took the name City of Gods because of its location on the roots of Mount_Olympus . Mount Olympus is a popular mountain name . Apart from
eos 
eos Mount_Olympus_Utah in Utah , USA is one of the most prominent and recognizable mountains viewable from practically every location in the Salt Lake Valley . Although not the tallest peak along the Wasatch front ,
eos Mount_Olympus_Utah in Utah , USA is one of the most prominent and recognizable mountains viewable from practically every location in the Salt Lake Valley . Although not the tallest peak along the Wasatch front , Mount_Olympus_Utah is a popular hiking destination for locals .
eos Although not the tallest peak along the Wasatch front , Mount_Olympus_Utah is a popular hiking destination for locals . Mount_Olympus_Utah is situated immediately East of the center of the Salt Lake Valley ( due East from Murray and Taylorsville ) . The highest outcropping on
eos 
eos Mount_Ossa is the highest mountain in Tasmania , at 1614 metres .
eos Mount_Ossa is the highest mountain in Tasmania , at 1614 metres . Mount_Ossa lies in the heart of Cradle Mountain - Lake St Clair National Park .
eos Mount_Ossa is the highest mountain in Tasmania , at 1614 metres . Mount_Ossa lies in the heart of Cradle Mountain - Lake St Clair National Park . Mount_Ossa is composed of Jurassic dolerite and
eos 
eos Mount_Paget is a summit of Allardyce Range on the South Atlantic / Antarctic island of South Georgia .
eos Mount_Paget is the highest peak in the island of South Georgia , and any territory of the United Kingdom . However , a higher peak still , Mount Jackson , lies within the British Antarctic Territory .
eos However , a higher peak still , Mount Jackson , lies within the British Antarctic Territory . Mount_Paget is a saddle - shaped mountain , marking the highest point of the Allardyce Range in the central part of South Georgia .
eos Mount_Paget is a saddle - shaped mountain , marking the highest point of the Allardyce Range in the central part of South Georgia . Mount_Paget was known to early sealers and whalers at South Georgia , and the name has long been established through general usage .
eos 
eos Mount_Pantokrator ( sometimes Pantocrator , Pantōkrator , αντοκράτωρ in Greek ) is a mountain located in north - eastern Corfu . At 906 m ( 2,972 ft )
eos 
eos Mount_Parnassus is a mountain of barren limestone in central Greece
eos Mount_Parnassus is a mountain of barren limestone in central Greece Mount_Parnassus towers above Delphi , north of the Gulf of Corinth , and Mount_Parnassus offers scenic views of the surrounding olive groves and countryside . According to Greek mythology ,
eos Mount_Parnassus is a mountain of barren limestone in central Greece Mount_Parnassus towers above Delphi , north of the Gulf of Corinth , and Mount_Parnassus offers scenic views of the surrounding olive groves and countryside . According to Greek mythology , Mount_Parnassus was sacred to Apollo , the Corycian nymphs , and the home of the Muses .
eos 
eos Mount_Pinatubo is an active stratovolcano located on the island of Luzon in the Philippines , at the intersection of the borders of the provinces of Zambales , Tarlac , and Pampanga .
eos Mount_Pinatubo is an active stratovolcano located on the island of Luzon in the Philippines , at the intersection of the borders of the provinces of Zambales , Tarlac , and Pampanga . Mount_Pinatubo was a stratovolcano made of andesite and dacite . Before 1991 ,
eos Mount_Pinatubo was a stratovolcano made of andesite and dacite . Before 1991 , Mount_Pinatubo was inconspicuous and heavily eroded .
eos Before 1991 , Mount_Pinatubo was inconspicuous and heavily eroded . Mount_Pinatubo was covered in dense forest which supported a population of several thousand indigenous people , the Aeta , who had fled to the mountains from the lowlands when the Spanish conquered the Philippines in 1565 .
eos 
eos Mount_Pulag ( or sometimes Mount Pulog ) is the second - highest mountain in the Philippines . The borders between the provinces of Benguet , Ifugao , and Nueva Vizcaya meet at
eos Mount_Pulag ( or sometimes Mount Pulog ) is the second - highest mountain in the Philippines . The borders between the provinces of Benguet , Ifugao , and Nueva Vizcaya meet at Mount_Pulag peak . The climate on
eos The borders between the provinces of Benguet , Ifugao , and Nueva Vizcaya meet at Mount_Pulag peak . The climate on Mount_Pulag is tropical with rains predominating the whole year . Rainfall on
eos The climate on Mount_Pulag is tropical with rains predominating the whole year . Rainfall on Mount_Pulag averages 4,489 mm yearly with august being the wettest month with an average rainfall of 1,135 mm .
eos Rainfall on Mount_Pulag averages 4,489 mm yearly with august being the wettest month with an average rainfall of 1,135 mm . Mount_Pulag hosts 528 documented plant species .
eos Mount_Pulag hosts 528 documented plant species . Mount_Pulag is the natural habitat of the endemic dwarf bamboo , ( Yushania niitakayamensis ) and the Benguet pine ( Pinus insularis ) . Among
eos Mount_Pulag is the natural habitat of the endemic dwarf bamboo , ( Yushania niitakayamensis ) and the Benguet pine ( Pinus insularis ) . Among Mount_Pulag native wildlife are 33 bird species and several threatened mammals such as Philippine deer , giant bushy - tailed cloud rat and long - haired fruit bat . On february 20 , 1987 , a large part of
eos Among Mount_Pulag native wildlife are 33 bird species and several threatened mammals such as Philippine deer , giant bushy - tailed cloud rat and long - haired fruit bat . On february 20 , 1987 , a large part of Mount_Pulag was designated as a National Park with Proclamation No . 75 . This act aims to preserve the environment around
eos On february 20 , 1987 , a large part of Mount_Pulag was designated as a National Park with Proclamation No . 75 . This act aims to preserve the environment around Mount_Pulag due to threats from increased development such as conversion to agricultural lands , timber production , hunting , and increased tourism . The indigenous people of Benguet consider
eos 
eos Mount_Rainier is an active stratovolcano in Pierce County , Washington , located southeast of Seattle , Washington , in the United States .
eos Mount_Rainier is an active stratovolcano in Pierce County , Washington , located southeast of Seattle , Washington , in the United States . Mount_Rainier is the highest peak in the Cascade Range and Cascade Volcanic Arc at 14,411 feet ( 4,392 m ) .
eos Mount_Rainier is the highest peak in the Cascade Range and Cascade Volcanic Arc at 14,411 feet ( 4,392 m ) . Mount_Rainier and the surrounding area are protected within Mount Rainier National Park . With 26 major glaciers ,
eos With 26 major glaciers , Mount_Rainier is the most heavily glaciated peak in the lower 48 states with 35 square miles ( 91 km ) of permanent snowfields and glaciers . The summit is topped by two volcanic craters , each over 1,000 feet ( 300 m ) in diameter with the larger east crater overlapping the west crater . Geothermal heat from
eos Geothermal heat from Mount_Rainier keeps areas of both crater rims free of snow and ice , and has formed an extensive network of glacier caves within the ice - filled craters . A small crater lake , the highest in North America , occupies the lowest portion of the west crater below more than 160 feet ( 50 m ) of ice and is accessible only via the caves .
eos "" bə "" IPA : ʔ "" ( ` ` mother of waters '' ) spoken by the Puyallup .
eos "" ( ` ` mother of waters '' ) spoken by the Puyallup . Mount_Rainier has a topographic prominence of 13,210 feet ( 4,026 m ) , greater than that of K2 .
eos Mount_Rainier has a topographic prominence of 13,210 feet ( 4,026 m ) , greater than that of K2 . Mount_Rainier is a prominent feature of the southern landscape in most of the Seattle metropolitan area . On clear days ,
eos Mount_Rainier is a prominent feature of the southern landscape in most of the Seattle metropolitan area . On clear days , Mount_Rainier can also be seen from as far away as Portland , Oregon , and Victoria , British Columbia . Because of
eos Mount_Rainier is a prominent feature of the southern landscape in most of the Seattle metropolitan area . On clear days , Mount_Rainier can also be seen from as far away as Portland , Oregon , and Victoria , British Columbia . Because of Mount_Rainier scenic dominance , Seattle - Tacoma - area residents often refer to
eos On clear days , Mount_Rainier can also be seen from as far away as Portland , Oregon , and Victoria , British Columbia . Because of Mount_Rainier scenic dominance , Seattle - Tacoma - area residents often refer to Mount_Rainier simply as ` ` the Mountain . '' The Carbon , Puyallup , Mowich , Nisqually , and Cowlitz Rivers begin at eponymous glaciers of
eos 
eos Mount_Ramelau , or Mount Tatamailau , is the highest mountain in East Timor at 2963 metres .
eos Mount_Ramelau , or Mount Tatamailau , is the highest mountain in East Timor at 2963 metres . Mount_Ramelau is located approximately 70 km south of the capital Dili and in the district of Ainaro .
eos Mount_Ramelau is located approximately 70 km south of the capital Dili and in the district of Ainaro . Mount_Ramelau can be climbed easily at around three or four hours from the nearby town Hato Builico , which is a 1.5 - 2 hour drive from Maubisse . During the period East Timor was a Portuguese colony ,
eos 
eos Mount_Redoubt_Alaska , or Redoubt Volcano , is an active volcano and Mount_Redoubt_Alaska is the highest peak in the Aleutian Range on the Alaska Peninsula in Alaska .
eos Mount_Redoubt_Alaska , or Redoubt Volcano , is an active volcano and Mount_Redoubt_Alaska is the highest peak in the Aleutian Range on the Alaska Peninsula in Alaska . Mount_Redoubt_Alaska is located in the Chigmit Mountains ( a subrange of the Aleutians ) , west of Cook Inlet , about 180 km ( 110 miles ) southwest of Anchorage , Alaska .
eos a KLM Royal Dutch Airlines Boeing 747 aircraft in its ash plume ( flight 867 landed safely at Anchorage ) . The ash covered an area of about 20,000 km ² ( 7,700 sq . miles ) .
eos a KLM Royal Dutch Airlines Boeing 747 aircraft in its ash plume ( flight 867 landed safely at Anchorage ) . The ash covered an area of about 20,000 km ² ( 7,700 sq . miles ) . Mount_Redoubt_Alaska is not a particularly steep peak , but
eos a KLM Royal Dutch Airlines Boeing 747 aircraft in its ash plume ( flight 867 landed safely at Anchorage ) . The ash covered an area of about 20,000 km ² ( 7,700 sq . miles ) . Mount_Redoubt_Alaska is not a particularly steep peak , but Mount_Redoubt_Alaska is a massive mountain :
eos 
eos Mount_Rinjani or Gunung Rinjani is an active volcano in Indonesia on the island of Lombok .
eos Mount_Rinjani or Gunung Rinjani is an active volcano in Indonesia on the island of Lombok . Mount_Rinjani rises to 3,726 m ( 12,224 ft ) , making
eos Mount_Rinjani rises to 3,726 m ( 12,224 ft ) , making Mount_Rinjani the second highest volcano in Indonesia . The first historical eruption occurred in september of 1847 . The most recent eruption of
eos 
eos Mount_Robson ( or Robson Peak ) is the highest point in the Canadian Rockies .
eos Mount_Robson ( or Robson Peak ) is the highest point in the Canadian Rockies . Mount_Robson is located entirely within Mount Robson Provincial Park of British Columbia , and Mount_Robson is part of the Rainbow Range .
eos Mount_Robson is commonly thought to be the highest point in BC , but that distinction is held by Mount Fairweather at 4663 m . The highest mountain in Canada is Mount Logan at 5959 m.
eos The highest mountain in Canada is Mount Logan at 5959 m. Mount_Robson was named in 1915 by Colin Robertson , an employee of the Hudson 's Bay Company . The Texqakallt , a Secwepemc people and the earliest inhabitants of the area , call
eos The Texqakallt , a Secwepemc people and the earliest inhabitants of the area , call Mount_Robson Yuh - hai - has - kun or The Mountain of the Spiral Road . Other unofficial names include Cloud Cap Mountain and Snow Cap Mountain .
eos Other unofficial names include Cloud Cap Mountain and Snow Cap Mountain . Mount_Robson boasts great vertical relief over the local terrain . From Berg Lake
eos Mount_Robson boasts great vertical relief over the local terrain . From Berg Lake Mount_Robson rises almost 8,000 feet to the summit . The north face of
eos From Berg Lake Mount_Robson rises almost 8,000 feet to the summit . The north face of Mount_Robson is heavily glaciated and 800 metres ( 2600 ft ) of ice plunge down from the top to the shores of Berg Lake . The south side of
eos The south side of Mount_Robson rises almost 10,000 feet from base - to - summit . The Emperor Face on the northwest side provides a formidable challenge to climbers attempting a route up this vertical wall of rock and ice . With the combination of no easy routes up
eos The Emperor Face on the northwest side provides a formidable challenge to climbers attempting a route up this vertical wall of rock and ice . With the combination of no easy routes up Mount_Robson and frequent severe weather , the result is usually just a handful of successful climbs each year . The south face of
eos 
eos Mount_Rogers is the highest point in the state of Virginia , USA , with a summit elevation of 5,729 feet ( 1,746 metres ) above mean sea level .
eos The Mount Rogers area contains a unique record of the geohistory of Virginia . There is evidence from the rocks that volcanoes were part of the landscape , but not for about 200 million years . Roughly 750 million years ago , rift - related ( divergent ) volcanoes erupted along the axis of what later became the Appalachians , and one remnant of that volcanic zone , with its volcanic rocks , still can be seen at
eos There is evidence from the rocks that volcanoes were part of the landscape , but not for about 200 million years . Roughly 750 million years ago , rift - related ( divergent ) volcanoes erupted along the axis of what later became the Appalachians , and one remnant of that volcanic zone , with its volcanic rocks , still can be seen at Mount_Rogers . Massive rhyolite lava flows erupted at
eos Roughly 750 million years ago , rift - related ( divergent ) volcanoes erupted along the axis of what later became the Appalachians , and one remnant of that volcanic zone , with its volcanic rocks , still can be seen at Mount_Rogers . Massive rhyolite lava flows erupted at Mount_Rogers during the Precambrian rifting event .
eos 
eos Mount_Ruapehu , or just Ruapehu , is an active stratovolcano at the southern end of the Taupo Volcanic Zone in New Zealand .
eos Mount_Ruapehu , or just Ruapehu , is an active stratovolcano at the southern end of the Taupo Volcanic Zone in New Zealand . Mount_Ruapehu is 23 kilometres northeast of Ohakune and 40 kilometres southwest of the southern shore of Lake Taupo , within Tongariro National Park . The North Island 's major skifields and only glaciers are on
eos Mount_Ruapehu is 23 kilometres northeast of Ohakune and 40 kilometres southwest of the southern shore of Lake Taupo , within Tongariro National Park . The North Island 's major skifields and only glaciers are on Mount_Ruapehu slopes .
eos The North Island 's major skifields and only glaciers are on Mount_Ruapehu slopes . Mount_Ruapehu is one of the world 's most active volcanoes and the largest active volcano in New Zealand .
eos 
eos Mount_Sacagawea is the seventh highest peak in the Wind River Range , Wyoming and Mount_Sacagawea was named after Sacagawea , the female Shoshone who accompanied the Lewis and Clark Expedition . The Upper Fremont Glacier is located southeast and the Sacagawea Glacier is northeast of
eos Mount_Sacagawea is the seventh highest peak in the Wind River Range , Wyoming and Mount_Sacagawea was named after Sacagawea , the female Shoshone who accompanied the Lewis and Clark Expedition . The Upper Fremont Glacier is located southeast and the Sacagawea Glacier is northeast of Mount_Sacagawea . Straddling the Continental Divide ,
eos 
eos Mount_Saint_Elias is the second highest mountain in both the United States and Canada , being situated on the Alaska and Yukon border . The US side of
eos The US side of Mount_Saint_Elias is located within Wrangell - St . Elias National Park and Preserve , while the Canadian side is part of Kluane National Park .
eos Elias National Park and Preserve , while the Canadian side is part of Kluane National Park . Mount_Saint_Elias lies about 25 miles ( 40 km ) southwest of Mount Logan , the highest mountain in Canada .
eos Mount_Saint_Elias lies about 25 miles ( 40 km ) southwest of Mount Logan , the highest mountain in Canada . Mount_Saint_Elias name in Tlingit is Yaas ` éit ` aa Shaa , meaning ` ` mountain behind Icy Bay '' , and Mount_Saint_Elias is occasionally called Shaa Tléin ` ` Big Mountain '' by the Yakutat Tlingit .
eos Mount_Saint_Elias lies about 25 miles ( 40 km ) southwest of Mount Logan , the highest mountain in Canada . Mount_Saint_Elias name in Tlingit is Yaas ` éit ` aa Shaa , meaning ` ` mountain behind Icy Bay '' , and Mount_Saint_Elias is occasionally called Shaa Tléin ` ` Big Mountain '' by the Yakutat Tlingit . Mount_Saint_Elias is one of the most important crests of the Kwaashk ` khwáan clan since they used
eos Mount_Saint_Elias name in Tlingit is Yaas ` éit ` aa Shaa , meaning ` ` mountain behind Icy Bay '' , and Mount_Saint_Elias is occasionally called Shaa Tléin ` ` Big Mountain '' by the Yakutat Tlingit . Mount_Saint_Elias is one of the most important crests of the Kwaashk ` khwáan clan since they used Mount_Saint_Elias as a guide during their journey down the Copper River .
eos Mount_Saint_Elias is one of the most important crests of the Kwaashk ` khwáan clan since they used Mount_Saint_Elias as a guide during their journey down the Copper River . Mount_Saint_Elias was first sighted by European explorers on july 16 , 1741 by Vitus Bering of Russia . While some historians contend that Mount_Saint_Elias was named by Bering , others believe that eighteenth century mapmakers named
eos Mount_Saint_Elias is one of the most important crests of the Kwaashk ` khwáan clan since they used Mount_Saint_Elias as a guide during their journey down the Copper River . Mount_Saint_Elias was first sighted by European explorers on july 16 , 1741 by Vitus Bering of Russia . While some historians contend that Mount_Saint_Elias was named by Bering , others believe that eighteenth century mapmakers named Mount_Saint_Elias after Cape Saint Elias , when
eos Mount_Saint_Elias is one of the most important crests of the Kwaashk ` khwáan clan since they used Mount_Saint_Elias as a guide during their journey down the Copper River . Mount_Saint_Elias was first sighted by European explorers on july 16 , 1741 by Vitus Bering of Russia . While some historians contend that
eos Mount_Saint_Elias was first sighted by European explorers on july 16 , 1741 by Vitus Bering of Russia . While some historians contend that Mount_Saint_Elias was named by Bering , others believe that eighteenth century mapmakers named Mount_Saint_Elias after Cape Saint Elias , when Mount_Saint_Elias was left unnamed by Bering .
eos Mount_Saint_Elias was first sighted by European explorers on july 16 , 1741 by Vitus Bering of Russia . While some historians contend that Mount_Saint_Elias was named by Bering , others believe that eighteenth century mapmakers named Mount_Saint_Elias after Cape Saint Elias , when Mount_Saint_Elias was left unnamed by Bering . Mount_Saint_Elias is notable for being the highest peak in the world that is so close to tidewater :
eos While some historians contend that Mount_Saint_Elias was named by Bering , others believe that eighteenth century mapmakers named Mount_Saint_Elias after Cape Saint Elias , when Mount_Saint_Elias was left unnamed by Bering . Mount_Saint_Elias is notable for being the highest peak in the world that is so close to tidewater : Mount_Saint_Elias summit rises only 10 miles ( 16 km ) from the head of Taan Fjord , off of Icy Bay . This gives
eos 
eos Mount_Saint_Nicholas is a peak in the remote southwestern section of Glacier National Park , in Montana , United States .
eos Mount_Saint_Nicholas is a peak in the remote southwestern section of Glacier National Park , in Montana , United States . Mount_Saint_Nicholas is a particularly steep , pointed rock pinnacle , and
eos Mount_Saint_Nicholas is a peak in the remote southwestern section of Glacier National Park , in Montana , United States . Mount_Saint_Nicholas is a particularly steep , pointed rock pinnacle , and Mount_Saint_Nicholas distinctive profile is visible from many summits in the southern half of the park . Because even
eos Mount_Saint_Nicholas is a peak in the remote southwestern section of Glacier National Park , in Montana , United States . Mount_Saint_Nicholas is a particularly steep , pointed rock pinnacle , and Mount_Saint_Nicholas distinctive profile is visible from many summits in the southern half of the park . Because even Mount_Saint_Nicholas easiest ascent route is technical , with poor rock quality ,
eos Mount_Saint_Nicholas is a particularly steep , pointed rock pinnacle , and Mount_Saint_Nicholas distinctive profile is visible from many summits in the southern half of the park . Because even Mount_Saint_Nicholas easiest ascent route is technical , with poor rock quality , Mount_Saint_Nicholas is ` ` considered the most dangerous and difficult mountain for climbers in Glacier National Park . '' ( Edwards 1995:335 )
eos Because even Mount_Saint_Nicholas easiest ascent route is technical , with poor rock quality , Mount_Saint_Nicholas is ` ` considered the most dangerous and difficult mountain for climbers in Glacier National Park . '' ( Edwards 1995:335 ) Mount_Saint_Nicholas excels in terms of steep vertical relief , even by the high standards prevalent in Glacier National Park . For example ,
eos ( Edwards 1995:335 ) Mount_Saint_Nicholas excels in terms of steep vertical relief , even by the high standards prevalent in Glacier National Park . For example , Mount_Saint_Nicholas northwest face rises one vertical mile ( 5,280 ft/1 , 609 m ) in approximately 1.5 horizontal miles ( 7,920 ft/2 .4 km ) . Due to
eos ( Edwards 1995:335 ) Mount_Saint_Nicholas excels in terms of steep vertical relief , even by the high standards prevalent in Glacier National Park . For example , Mount_Saint_Nicholas northwest face rises one vertical mile ( 5,280 ft/1 , 609 m ) in approximately 1.5 horizontal miles ( 7,920 ft/2 .4 km ) . Due to Mount_Saint_Nicholas pointed shape and isolation from the Continental Divide ,
eos For example , Mount_Saint_Nicholas northwest face rises one vertical mile ( 5,280 ft/1 , 609 m ) in approximately 1.5 horizontal miles ( 7,920 ft/2 .4 km ) . Due to Mount_Saint_Nicholas pointed shape and isolation from the Continental Divide , Mount_Saint_Nicholas has similarly precipitous drops in all directions . In 1926 , Reverend Conrad Wellen , of Havre , Montana , made the first ascent of
eos Due to Mount_Saint_Nicholas pointed shape and isolation from the Continental Divide , Mount_Saint_Nicholas has similarly precipitous drops in all directions . In 1926 , Reverend Conrad Wellen , of Havre , Montana , made the first ascent of Mount_Saint_Nicholas . This was a significant achievement , since
eos ( Edwards 1995:42 ) The standard route is the Northeast Ridge . Starting from the east side of
eos 
eos Mount_San_Antonio , better known to most in Los Angeles as Old Baldy or Mount Baldy , is the highest peak in the San Gabriel Mountains of Southern California , USA and the highest point in Los Angeles County .
eos Mount_San_Antonio has two summits . The eastern summit is higher at an elevation of 10,064 feet while the west is at 9,988 feet . In winter ,
eos The eastern summit is higher at an elevation of 10,064 feet while the west is at 9,988 feet . In winter , Mount_San_Antonio snow - capped peaks are usually visible on clear days and dominate the view of the Los Angeles skyline .
eos The eastern summit is higher at an elevation of 10,064 feet while the west is at 9,988 feet . In winter , Mount_San_Antonio snow - capped peaks are usually visible on clear days and dominate the view of the Los Angeles skyline . Mount_San_Antonio ,
eos In winter , Mount_San_Antonio snow - capped peaks are usually visible on clear days and dominate the view of the Los Angeles skyline . Mount_San_Antonio , Mount_San_Antonio marks a boundary between San Bernardino County and Los Angeles County is called Baldy because of the absence of trees around the summit . The Tongva tribe call
eos Mount_San_Antonio , Mount_San_Antonio marks a boundary between San Bernardino County and Los Angeles County is called Baldy because of the absence of trees around the summit . The Tongva tribe call Mount_San_Antonio Yoát or Joat , which means snow .
eos The Tongva tribe call Mount_San_Antonio Yoát or Joat , which means snow . Mount_San_Antonio may host more hikers than any other mountaintop in the western United States ( of those inaccessible by car ) , or so guesses San Gabriel Mountains historian John W Robinson .
eos Mount_San_Antonio may host more hikers than any other mountaintop in the western United States ( of those inaccessible by car ) , or so guesses San Gabriel Mountains historian John W Robinson . Mount_San_Antonio is considered to be a cosmic spiritual ` ` recharging '' site by the Aetherius Society . The Mount Baldy Zen teaching centre was founded on
eos Mount_San_Antonio is considered to be a cosmic spiritual ` ` recharging '' site by the Aetherius Society . The Mount Baldy Zen teaching centre was founded on Mount_San_Antonio in 1972 .
eos Nearby lies Mt. Baldy Village , a small seasonal community . The village has its own fire department , church , visitor 's center , and one - school school district ; Mt. Baldy School ( the abbreviation is the standard usage ) has about 88 students . Between 1922 and 1927 , American physicist Albert Michelson performed a number of experiments involving bouncing a beam of light onto a reflector at Lookout Mountain , a prominent bump on the south ridge of
eos 
eos Mount_Saskatchewan_Alberta is located in the North Saskatchewan River valley of Banff National Park , in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta , Canada . J Norman Collie named
eos Mount_Saskatchewan_Alberta is located in the North Saskatchewan River valley of Banff National Park , in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta , Canada . J Norman Collie named Mount_Saskatchewan_Alberta in 1898 for the nearby Saskatchewan River . A pinnacle unofficially named Lighthouse Tower ( 2,960 m ( 9,711 ft ) ) is located on the eastern ridge of
eos J Norman Collie named Mount_Saskatchewan_Alberta in 1898 for the nearby Saskatchewan River . A pinnacle unofficially named Lighthouse Tower ( 2,960 m ( 9,711 ft ) ) is located on the eastern ridge of Mount_Saskatchewan_Alberta .
eos 
eos Mount_Saskatchewan_Yukon is located in the extreme southwestern corner of Yukon in Kluane National Park and Reserve .
eos Mount_Saskatchewan_Yukon is located in the extreme southwestern corner of Yukon in Kluane National Park and Reserve . Mount_Saskatchewan_Yukon was named in 1967 for the province of Saskatchewan to mark Canada 's centennial . As of 2006 ,
eos As of 2006 , Mount_Saskatchewan_Yukon remains unclimbed . The first attempt was made in 1967 as part of Canada 's centennial celebrations . A team from Saskatchewan attempted to climb
eos 
eos Mount_Seymour is a mountain located in Mount Seymour Provincial Park in the District of North Vancouver , British Columbia .
eos Mount_Seymour is a mountain located in Mount Seymour Provincial Park in the District of North Vancouver , British Columbia . Mount_Seymour is a part of the North Shore Mountains , rising to the north from the shores of Burrard Inlet and Indian Arm to a summit of 1449 metres above the Indian River and Deep Cove neighbourhoods .
eos Mount_Seymour is a mountain located in Mount Seymour Provincial Park in the District of North Vancouver , British Columbia . Mount_Seymour is a part of the North Shore Mountains , rising to the north from the shores of Burrard Inlet and Indian Arm to a summit of 1449 metres above the Indian River and Deep Cove neighbourhoods . Mount_Seymour is most commonly identified for
eos Mount_Seymour is a part of the North Shore Mountains , rising to the north from the shores of Burrard Inlet and Indian Arm to a summit of 1449 metres above the Indian River and Deep Cove neighbourhoods . Mount_Seymour is most commonly identified for Mount_Seymour ski area of the same name .
eos 
eos Mount_Shasta , a 14,179-foot ( 4,322 m ) stratovolcano , is the second - highest peak in the Cascade Range and the fifth highest peak in California .
eos Mount_Shasta , a 14,179-foot ( 4,322 m ) stratovolcano , is the second - highest peak in the Cascade Range and the fifth highest peak in California . Mount_Shasta is a member in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and Mount_Shasta is located in Siskiyou County , and Mount_Shasta has an estimated volume of 108 cubic miles ( 450 km ³ ) , making
eos Mount_Shasta , a 14,179-foot ( 4,322 m ) stratovolcano , is the second - highest peak in the Cascade Range and the fifth highest peak in California . Mount_Shasta is a member in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and Mount_Shasta is located in Siskiyou County , and Mount_Shasta has an estimated volume of 108 cubic miles ( 450 km ³ ) , making Mount_Shasta the most voluminous stratovolcano of the Cascades . Physically unconnected to any nearby mountain , and rising abruptly from miles of level ground which encircle
eos Mount_Shasta , a 14,179-foot ( 4,322 m ) stratovolcano , is the second - highest peak in the Cascade Range and the fifth highest peak in California . Mount_Shasta is a member in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and Mount_Shasta is located in Siskiyou County , and Mount_Shasta has an estimated volume of 108 cubic miles ( 450 km ³ ) , making Mount_Shasta the most voluminous stratovolcano of the Cascades . Physically unconnected to any nearby mountain , and rising abruptly from miles of level ground which encircle Mount_Shasta ,
eos Mount_Shasta is a member in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and Mount_Shasta is located in Siskiyou County , and Mount_Shasta has an estimated volume of 108 cubic miles ( 450 km ³ ) , making Mount_Shasta the most voluminous stratovolcano of the Cascades . Physically unconnected to any nearby mountain , and rising abruptly from miles of level ground which encircle Mount_Shasta , Mount_Shasta stands some 10,000 feet ( 3,000 m ) above the surrounding area .
eos 
eos Mount_Shavano , with an altitude of 14,229 feet ( 4,337 meters ) , is one of the fourteeners of the US State of Colorado .
eos Mount_Shavano , with an altitude of 14,229 feet ( 4,337 meters ) , is one of the fourteeners of the US State of Colorado . Mount_Shavano is the 17th highest peak in Colorado and a near - neighbor to Tabeguache Peak .
eos Mount_Shavano is the 17th highest peak in Colorado and a near - neighbor to Tabeguache Peak . Mount_Shavano lies just east of the Continental Divide and just west of the Arkansas River and the town of Salida in Chaffee County .
eos Mount_Shavano lies just east of the Continental Divide and just west of the Arkansas River and the town of Salida in Chaffee County . Mount_Shavano lies in the south - central part of the Sawatch Range , north of Mount Ouray and Mount Chipeta and south of the Collegiate Peaks ( including Mount Princeton , Mount Harvard , and Mount Yale ) .
eos Mount_Shavano lies just east of the Continental Divide and just west of the Arkansas River and the town of Salida in Chaffee County . Mount_Shavano lies in the south - central part of the Sawatch Range , north of Mount Ouray and Mount Chipeta and south of the Collegiate Peaks ( including Mount Princeton , Mount Harvard , and Mount Yale ) . Mount_Shavano is famous for the Angel of Shavano , a snow formation in the image of an angel that emerges on the east face of
eos Mount_Shavano lies in the south - central part of the Sawatch Range , north of Mount Ouray and Mount Chipeta and south of the Collegiate Peaks ( including Mount Princeton , Mount Harvard , and Mount Yale ) . Mount_Shavano is famous for the Angel of Shavano , a snow formation in the image of an angel that emerges on the east face of Mount_Shavano during snow melt each spring .
eos 
eos Mount_Shishaldin ( pronounced / ʃɨˈʃældən / ) is a moderately active volcano on Unimak Island in the Aleutian Islands chain of Alaska .
eos Mount_Shishaldin ( pronounced / ʃɨˈʃældən / ) is a moderately active volcano on Unimak Island in the Aleutian Islands chain of Alaska . Mount_Shishaldin is a rather symmetric cone , reminiscent of Mount Fuji , with several smaller , low - profile cones scattered on the Northwest slope . Rising to 2857 m ( 9,373 ft ) above sea level
eos 
eos Mount_Si ( pronounced sigh ) is a small mountain in the US state of Washington . Although just 4,167 ft high ,
eos Mount_Si ( pronounced sigh ) is a small mountain in the US state of Washington . Although just 4,167 ft high , Mount_Si lies on the western margin of the Cascade Range just above the coastal plains around Puget Sound , and Mount_Si towers over the nearby town of North Bend .
eos Mount_Si was named after local homesteader Josiah ` ` Uncle Si '' Merritt .
eos ` ` Uncle Si '' Merritt . Mount_Si was made famous in the show Twin Peaks , which was filmed in North Bend . Only about a 45-minute drive from Seattle ,
eos Only about a 45-minute drive from Seattle , Mount_Si is a favorite outdoor destination for Puget Sound locals . On most summer days one can count numerous hikers on the trail to the summit .
eos 
eos Mount_Sidley is the highest volcano in Antarctica , a member of the Volcanic Seven Summits .
eos Mount_Sidley is the highest volcano in Antarctica , a member of the Volcanic Seven Summits . Mount_Sidley is a massive , mainly snow - covered shield volcano
eos Mount_Sidley is a massive , mainly snow - covered shield volcano Mount_Sidley is the highest and most imposing of the five extinct volcanic mountains that comprise the Executive Committee Range of Marie Byrd Land .
eos is the highest and most imposing of the five extinct volcanic mountains that comprise the Executive Committee Range of Marie Byrd Land . Mount_Sidley is marked by a spectacular caldera on the southern side and Mount_Sidley stands NE of Mount Waesche in the southern part of the range .
eos Mount_Sidley is marked by a spectacular caldera on the southern side and Mount_Sidley stands NE of Mount Waesche in the southern part of the range . Mount_Sidley was discovered by Rear Admiral Richard E Byrd on an airplane flight , november 18 , 1934 , and named by him for Mabelle E Sidley , the daughter of William Horlick who was a contributor to the 1933 - 35 Byrd Antarctic Expedition . Despite
eos Mount_Sidley is marked by a spectacular caldera on the southern side and Mount_Sidley stands NE of Mount Waesche in the southern part of the range . Mount_Sidley was discovered by Rear Admiral Richard E Byrd on an airplane flight , november 18 , 1934 , and named by him for Mabelle E Sidley , the daughter of William Horlick who was a contributor to the 1933 - 35 Byrd Antarctic Expedition . Despite Mount_Sidley lofty status ,
eos Mount_Sidley is marked by a spectacular caldera on the southern side and Mount_Sidley stands NE of Mount Waesche in the southern part of the range . Mount_Sidley was discovered by Rear Admiral Richard E Byrd on an airplane flight , november 18 , 1934 , and named by him for Mabelle E Sidley , the daughter of William Horlick who was a contributor to the 1933 - 35 Byrd Antarctic Expedition . Despite Mount_Sidley lofty status , Mount_Sidley languishes in obscurity due to
eos Mount_Sidley was discovered by Rear Admiral Richard E Byrd on an airplane flight , november 18 , 1934 , and named by him for Mabelle E Sidley , the daughter of William Horlick who was a contributor to the 1933 - 35 Byrd Antarctic Expedition . Despite Mount_Sidley lofty status , Mount_Sidley languishes in obscurity due to Mount_Sidley extremely remote location .
eos 
eos Mount_Sill is one of the fourteeners of the Sierra Nevada in California .
eos Mount_Sill is one of the fourteeners of the Sierra Nevada in California . Mount_Sill is located in the Palisades , a group of striking rock peaks with a few small glaciers on their flanks .
eos Mount_Sill is located 0.6 miles ( 1 km ) east of North Palisade , the high point of the group . The two peaks are connected by a high , rocky ridge , on the north side of which lies the Palisade Glacier .
eos Mount_Sill is located 0.6 miles ( 1 km ) east of North Palisade , the high point of the group . The two peaks are connected by a high , rocky ridge , on the north side of which lies the Palisade Glacier . Mount_Sill lies on the main Sierra Crest , but Mount_Sill is at a point where the crest turns sharply , giving
eos The two peaks are connected by a high , rocky ridge , on the north side of which lies the Palisade Glacier . Mount_Sill lies on the main Sierra Crest , but Mount_Sill is at a point where the crest turns sharply , giving Mount_Sill particularly striking summit views . Routes on
eos The two peaks are connected by a high , rocky ridge , on the north side of which lies the Palisade Glacier . Mount_Sill lies on the main Sierra Crest , but Mount_Sill is at a point where the crest turns sharply , giving Mount_Sill particularly striking summit views . Routes on Mount_Sill are found on all sides of
eos Mount_Sill lies on the main Sierra Crest , but Mount_Sill is at a point where the crest turns sharply , giving Mount_Sill particularly striking summit views . Routes on Mount_Sill are found on all sides of Mount_Sill and range in difficulty from scrambles ( Class 2 - 3 ) to moderately technical rock climbs ( Yosemite Decimal System 5.7 ) .
eos Routes on Mount_Sill are found on all sides of Mount_Sill and range in difficulty from scrambles ( Class 2 - 3 ) to moderately technical rock climbs ( Yosemite Decimal System 5.7 ) . Mount_Sill is called Nen - i - mish ( ` ` the Guardian of the Valley '' ) by the indigenous Northern Paiute people .
eos 
eos Mount_Siple is a dormant shield volcano , rising to 3,110 metres ( 10,203 ft ) and dominating the northwest part of Siple Island , which is separated from the Bakutis Coast , Marie Byrd Land , by the Getz Ice Shelf .
eos Mount_Siple is a dormant shield volcano , rising to 3,110 metres ( 10,203 ft ) and dominating the northwest part of Siple Island , which is separated from the Bakutis Coast , Marie Byrd Land , by the Getz Ice Shelf . Mount_Siple youthful appearance strongly suggests that
eos Mount_Siple is a dormant shield volcano , rising to 3,110 metres ( 10,203 ft ) and dominating the northwest part of Siple Island , which is separated from the Bakutis Coast , Marie Byrd Land , by the Getz Ice Shelf . Mount_Siple youthful appearance strongly suggests that Mount_Siple last erupted sometime during the Holocene .
eos Mount_Siple youthful appearance strongly suggests that Mount_Siple last erupted sometime during the Holocene . Mount_Siple is capped by a 4 x 5 km ( 2.5 x 3 mi ) summit caldera , and tuff cones lie on the lower flanks .
eos Mount_Siple is capped by a 4 x 5 km ( 2.5 x 3 mi ) summit caldera , and tuff cones lie on the lower flanks . Mount_Siple massive volume of 1,800 cubic kilometres ( 430 cu mi ) is comparable to that of Mount Erebus .
eos Mount_Siple massive volume of 1,800 cubic kilometres ( 430 cu mi ) is comparable to that of Mount Erebus . Mount_Siple is named after Paul Allen Siple ( 1908 - 68 ) , American Antarctic explorer and geographer who took part in six Antarctic expeditions , including the two Byrd expeditions of 1928 - 30 and 1933 - 35 ( Siple Coast , Siple Island ) . He was in command of the West Base of the US Antarctic Service ( USAS ) , 1939 - 41 , and was navigator on all major exploratory flights from the base , including the flight on which
eos He was in command of the West Base of the US Antarctic Service ( USAS ) , 1939 - 41 , and was navigator on all major exploratory flights from the base , including the flight on which Mount_Siple was discovered . He served as US Army Senior Representative on Operation Highjump , 1946 - 47 ; as Director of Scientific Projects in the planning stages for the US - IGY ; and as the inaugural scientific leader at the US Amundsen - Scott South Pole Station 1956 - 57 . According to http://wwwpeaklistorg ,
eos He served as US Army Senior Representative on Operation Highjump , 1946 - 47 ; as Director of Scientific Projects in the planning stages for the US - IGY ; and as the inaugural scientific leader at the US Amundsen - Scott South Pole Station 1956 - 57 . According to http://wwwpeaklistorg , Mount_Siple has probably been climbed , but there is no known record of the achievement . If Mount_Siple is in fact unclimbed
eos He served as US Army Senior Representative on Operation Highjump , 1946 - 47 ; as Director of Scientific Projects in the planning stages for the US - IGY ; and as the inaugural scientific leader at the US Amundsen - Scott South Pole Station 1956 - 57 . According to http://wwwpeaklistorg , Mount_Siple has probably been climbed , but there is no known record of the achievement . If
eos 
eos Mount_Sir_James_MacBrien is a peak in the Fort Smith Region of Canada 's Northwest Territories . The second highest peak in the Mackenzie Mountains ,
eos 
eos Mount_Siyeh , with a height of 10014 feet ( 3052 meters ) , is one of six peaks over 10,000 feet high in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States .
eos Mount_Siyeh , with a height of 10014 feet ( 3052 meters ) , is one of six peaks over 10,000 feet high in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States . Mount_Siyeh is part of the Rocky Mountains .
eos 
eos Mount_Sizer is a prominent topographical summit located on Blue Ridge within Henry W Coe State Park , just east of Morgan Hill , California . Because
eos Mount_Sizer is a prominent topographical summit located on Blue Ridge within Henry W Coe State Park , just east of Morgan Hill , California . Because Mount_Sizer is the highest point on Blue Ridge and under 10 miles from the park 's headquarters , it makes
eos under 10 miles from the park 's headquarters , it makes Mount_Sizer an ideal destination for day hikers . There are two ways to reach the summit , one by trails and one by a combination of trail and fire road . The fire road route leads you almost directly up Blue Ridge to
eos 
eos 
eos Mount_Slamet or Gunung Slamet is an active stratovolcano in Central Java , Indonesia .
eos Mount_Slamet or Gunung Slamet is an active stratovolcano in Central Java , Indonesia . Mount_Slamet has a cluster of around three dozens of cinder cones on the lower southeast - northeast flanks and a single cinder cone on the western flank .
eos 
eos Mount_Smythe is a mountain in Jasper National Park , Alberta , Canada .
eos Mount_Smythe is a mountain in Jasper National Park , Alberta , Canada . Mount_Smythe is located in the Sir Winston Churchill Range , southwest of Gong Peak and north of Mount Nelson .
eos Mount_Smythe is located in the Sir Winston Churchill Range , southwest of Gong Peak and north of Mount Nelson . Mount_Smythe reaches a height of 3,246 m ( 10,650 ft ) .
eos 
eos Mount_Sneffels is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the US state of Colorado .
eos The primary route to the summit follows a creek bed up from Yankee Boy Basin . A secondary route follows a ridge line to the summit from the saddle of Blue Lakes Pass .
eos A secondary route follows a ridge line to the summit from the saddle of Blue Lakes Pass . Mount_Sneffels was named after the volcano Snæfellsjökull ( or Snæfell ) in Iceland featured in the Jules Verne novel Journey to the Centre of the Earth . The area on the western flank of
eos Mount_Sneffels was named after the volcano Snæfellsjökull ( or Snæfell ) in Iceland featured in the Jules Verne novel Journey to the Centre of the Earth . The area on the western flank of Mount_Sneffels gives the appearance of volcanic crater . Seen from the Dallas Divide on Colorado State Highway 62 ,
eos 
eos Mount_Stanley is a mountain located in the Ruwenzori Range .
eos Mount_Stanley is the highest mountain of both the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda , and the third highest in Africa , after Kilimanjaro ( 5,895 m ) and Mount Kenya ( 5,199 m ) . The peak and several other surrounding peaks are high enough to support glaciers .
eos The peak and several other surrounding peaks are high enough to support glaciers . Mount_Stanley consists of two twin summits and several lower peaks .
eos 
eos Mount_Steele is the fifth highest mountain in Canada and the tenth highest peak in North America . A lower southeast peak of
eos Mount_Steele is the fifth highest mountain in Canada and the tenth highest peak in North America . A lower southeast peak of Mount_Steele stands at 4,300 m ( 14,108 ft ) .
eos 
eos 
eos Mount_Stimson is the second highest peak in Glacier National Park , located in Montana , United States .
eos Mount_Stimson is the second highest peak in Glacier National Park , located in Montana , United States . Mount_Stimson is part of the Lewis Range , which spans much of the park .
eos Mount_Stimson is part of the Lewis Range , which spans much of the park . Mount_Stimson is located in the remote southwestern portion of the park , approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of the Continental Divide and 12 miles ( 19 km ) southeast of Lake McDonald .
eos Mount_Stimson is located in the remote southwestern portion of the park , approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of the Continental Divide and 12 miles ( 19 km ) southeast of Lake McDonald . Mount_Stimson is drained by Pinchot Creek ( on the south ) and Nyack Creek ( on the other sides ) , both of which flow into the Middle Fork of the Flathead River .
eos Mount_Stimson is drained by Pinchot Creek ( on the south ) and Nyack Creek ( on the other sides ) , both of which flow into the Middle Fork of the Flathead River . Mount_Stimson is named for Henry L Stimson ( 1867 - 1950 ) , former US Secretary of State .
eos Mount_Stimson is drained by Pinchot Creek ( on the south ) and Nyack Creek ( on the other sides ) , both of which flow into the Middle Fork of the Flathead River . Mount_Stimson is named for Henry L Stimson ( 1867 - 1950 ) , former US Secretary of State . Mount_Stimson is notable for
eos Mount_Stimson is named for Henry L Stimson ( 1867 - 1950 ) , former US Secretary of State . Mount_Stimson is notable for Mount_Stimson large , steep rise above local terrain . For example ,
eos Mount_Stimson is notable for Mount_Stimson large , steep rise above local terrain . For example , Mount_Stimson northwest face rises over 6200 ft ( 1890 m ) from Nyack Creek in only 1.8 mi ( 9,500 ft/2 .9 km ) . This makes
eos This makes Mount_Stimson ` ` truly a monster of a mountain . '' ( Edwards 1995:329 ) .
eos This makes Mount_Stimson ` ` truly a monster of a mountain . '' ( Edwards 1995:329 ) . Mount_Stimson is also notable for
eos This makes Mount_Stimson ` ` truly a monster of a mountain . '' ( Edwards 1995:329 ) . Mount_Stimson is also notable for Mount_Stimson isolation ;
eos ( Edwards 1995:329 ) . Mount_Stimson is also notable for Mount_Stimson isolation ; Mount_Stimson is one of the furthest peaks from a roadhead in the park . The first recorded ascent of
eos The climbing route begins with ` ` tiresome uphill bushwhacking ... for possibly three hours '' leading to alternating slopes and cliffs ( Grades 3 and 4 ) . ( Edwards 1995:330 ) Other routes on
eos 
eos Mount_Suckling , or Goropi , is the highest peak of the Goropu Mountains , part of the Owen Stanley Range in southeastern Papua New Guinea .
eos Mount_Suckling , or Goropi , is the highest peak of the Goropu Mountains , part of the Owen Stanley Range in southeastern Papua New Guinea . Mount_Suckling lies about 250 kilometres ( 160 mi ) east of Port Moresby . Situated on a relatively narrow peninsula ,
eos Situated on a relatively narrow peninsula , Mount_Suckling lies only about 60 km ( 40 mi ) from the sea to both the northeast ( in the direction of Collingwood Bay ) and the south . While not the highest peak in the Owen Stanley Range ( Mount Victoria is the highest ) ,
eos Situated on a relatively narrow peninsula , Mount_Suckling lies only about 60 km ( 40 mi ) from the sea to both the northeast ( in the direction of Collingwood Bay ) and the south . While not the highest peak in the Owen Stanley Range ( Mount Victoria is the highest ) , Mount_Suckling is the most topographically prominent peak in the range , and
eos While not the highest peak in the Owen Stanley Range ( Mount Victoria is the highest ) , Mount_Suckling is the most topographically prominent peak in the range , and Mount_Suckling is in fact the third most prominent peak on the island of New Guinea .
eos While not the highest peak in the Owen Stanley Range ( Mount Victoria is the highest ) , Mount_Suckling is the most topographically prominent peak in the range , and Mount_Suckling is in fact the third most prominent peak on the island of New Guinea . Mount_Suckling rises above the timberline , while
eos , Mount_Suckling is the most topographically prominent peak in the range , and Mount_Suckling is in fact the third most prominent peak on the island of New Guinea . Mount_Suckling rises above the timberline , while Mount_Suckling lower slopes are well - forested . The Maisin people inhabit the area around
eos Mount_Suckling rises above the timberline , while Mount_Suckling lower slopes are well - forested . The Maisin people inhabit the area around Mount_Suckling . As of 1972 ,
eos The Maisin people inhabit the area around Mount_Suckling . As of 1972 , Mount_Suckling had been ` ` very inadequately explored '' by Westerners . Norman Cruttwell initiated an expedition to
eos As of 1972 , Mount_Suckling had been ` ` very inadequately explored '' by Westerners . Norman Cruttwell initiated an expedition to Mount_Suckling , which eventually reached the summit after several unsuccessful attempts . They found
eos Norman Cruttwell initiated an expedition to Mount_Suckling , which eventually reached the summit after several unsuccessful attempts . They found Mount_Suckling ` ` so inaccessible that "" they "" had to be dropped by helicopter into a gorge at 1500 m and find "" their "" way to the top . '' They climbed via the south spur of
eos 
eos ( IPA : / tæməlˈpaɪəs / ; MWCD "" IPA : "" tam - əl-ˈpi - əs "" "" , known locally as ` ` Mount Tam '' ) is a peak in Marin County , California , USA , often considered symbolic of Marin County . Much of
eos 
eos Mount_Tambora ( or Tomboro ) is an active stratovolcano on Sumbawa island , Indonesia . Sumbawa is flanked both to the north and south by oceanic crust , and
eos Mount_Tambora ( or Tomboro ) is an active stratovolcano on Sumbawa island , Indonesia . Sumbawa is flanked both to the north and south by oceanic crust , and Mount_Tambora was formed by the active subduction zones beneath it . This raised
eos Mount_Tambora ( or Tomboro ) is an active stratovolcano on Sumbawa island , Indonesia . Sumbawa is flanked both to the north and south by oceanic crust , and Mount_Tambora was formed by the active subduction zones beneath it . This raised Mount_Tambora as high as 4,300 m ( 14,000 ft ) , making
eos Mount_Tambora ( or Tomboro ) is an active stratovolcano on Sumbawa island , Indonesia . Sumbawa is flanked both to the north and south by oceanic crust , and Mount_Tambora was formed by the active subduction zones beneath it . This raised Mount_Tambora as high as 4,300 m ( 14,000 ft ) , making Mount_Tambora one of the tallest peaks in the Indonesian archipelago , and drained off a large magma chamber inside
eos This raised Mount_Tambora as high as 4,300 m ( 14,000 ft ) , making Mount_Tambora one of the tallest peaks in the Indonesian archipelago , and drained off a large magma chamber inside Mount_Tambora . It took centuries to refill the magma chamber , its volcanic activity reaching its peak in april 1815 .
eos 
eos Mount_Tapuaenuku , formerly Mount Tapuaenuku , is the highest peak in the northeast of New Zealand 's South Island . The name translates from Māori as ` ` footprint of the rainbow '' , though Mount_Tapuaenuku is usually regarded as being named after Chief Tapuaenuku . At 2880 metres
eos The name translates from Māori as ` ` footprint of the rainbow '' , though Mount_Tapuaenuku is usually regarded as being named after Chief Tapuaenuku . At 2880 metres Mount_Tapuaenuku is the highest mountain in New Zealand outside the main ranges of the Southern Alps , and over 50 metres taller than the tallest peak in the North Island .
eos At 2880 metres Mount_Tapuaenuku is the highest mountain in New Zealand outside the main ranges of the Southern Alps , and over 50 metres taller than the tallest peak in the North Island . Mount_Tapuaenuku dominates the Inland Kaikoura Range , rising high above the valleys of the Clarence and Awatere Rivers .
eos Mount_Tapuaenuku dominates the Inland Kaikoura Range , rising high above the valleys of the Clarence and Awatere Rivers . Mount_Tapuaenuku can be seen from as far away as Cape Terawhiti on the southeastern tip of the North Island , nearly 120 kilometres away , and Mount_Tapuaenuku is a prominent point on the horizon for travellers on the interisland ferries that ply Cook Strait . The first European to sight Mount_Tapuaenuku was James Cook , who called Mount_Tapuaenuku Mount Odin , but later nicknamed Mount_Tapuaenuku ` ` The Watcher '' since his ship seemed to be visible from
eos Mount_Tapuaenuku dominates the Inland Kaikoura Range , rising high above the valleys of the Clarence and Awatere Rivers . Mount_Tapuaenuku can be seen from as far away as Cape Terawhiti on the southeastern tip of the North Island , nearly 120 kilometres away , and Mount_Tapuaenuku is a prominent point on the horizon for travellers on the interisland ferries that ply Cook Strait . The first European to sight
eos Mount_Tapuaenuku dominates the Inland Kaikoura Range , rising high above the valleys of the Clarence and Awatere Rivers . Mount_Tapuaenuku can be seen from as far away as Cape Terawhiti on the southeastern tip of the North Island , nearly 120 kilometres away , and Mount_Tapuaenuku is a prominent point on the horizon for travellers on the interisland ferries that ply Cook Strait . The first European to sight Mount_Tapuaenuku was James Cook , who called
eos Mount_Tapuaenuku dominates the Inland Kaikoura Range , rising high above the valleys of the Clarence and Awatere Rivers . Mount_Tapuaenuku can be seen from as far away as Cape Terawhiti on the southeastern tip of the North Island , nearly 120 kilometres away , and Mount_Tapuaenuku is a prominent point on the horizon for travellers on the interisland ferries that ply Cook Strait . The first European to sight Mount_Tapuaenuku was James Cook , who called Mount_Tapuaenuku Mount Odin , but later nicknamed
eos Mount_Tapuaenuku can be seen from as far away as Cape Terawhiti on the southeastern tip of the North Island , nearly 120 kilometres away , and Mount_Tapuaenuku is a prominent point on the horizon for travellers on the interisland ferries that ply Cook Strait . The first European to sight Mount_Tapuaenuku was James Cook , who called Mount_Tapuaenuku Mount Odin , but later nicknamed Mount_Tapuaenuku ` ` The Watcher '' since his ship seemed to be visible from Mount_Tapuaenuku at so many points along the coast . The first Europeans to attempt to climb
eos 
eos Mount_Tasman ( Rarakiora in Māori ) is New Zealand 's second highest mountain , rising to a height of 3497 metres .
eos Mount_Tasman ( Rarakiora in Māori ) is New Zealand 's second highest mountain , rising to a height of 3497 metres . Mount_Tasman is located in the Southern Alps of the South Island , four kilometres to the north of
eos ( Rarakiora in Māori ) is New Zealand 's second highest mountain , rising to a height of 3497 metres . Mount_Tasman is located in the Southern Alps of the South Island , four kilometres to the north of Mount_Tasman larger neighbour , Aoraki / Mount Cook . Unlike Aoraki / Mount Cook ,
eos Mount_Tasman is located in the Southern Alps of the South Island , four kilometres to the north of Mount_Tasman larger neighbour , Aoraki / Mount Cook . Unlike Aoraki / Mount Cook , Mount_Tasman sits on the South Island 's Main Divide , on the border between Aoraki / Mount Cook National Park and Westland National Park .
eos 
eos Mount_Temple_Alberta is a mountain in Banff National Park of the Canadian Rockies of Alberta , Canada .
eos Mount_Temple_Alberta is a mountain in Banff National Park of the Canadian Rockies of Alberta , Canada . Mount_Temple_Alberta is located in the Bow River Valley between Paradise Creek and Moraine Creek and Mount_Temple_Alberta is the highest peak in the Lake Louise area .
eos 
eos Mount_Terror_Antarctica is a large shield volcano
eos Mount_Terror_Antarctica is a large shield volcano Mount_Terror_Antarctica forms the eastern part of Ross Island .
eos Mount_Terror_Antarctica is a large shield volcano Mount_Terror_Antarctica forms the eastern part of Ross Island . Mount_Terror_Antarctica has numerous cinder cones and domes on the flanks of the shield and Mount_Terror_Antarctica is mostly under snow and ice .
eos Mount_Terror_Antarctica is a large shield volcano Mount_Terror_Antarctica forms the eastern part of Ross Island . Mount_Terror_Antarctica has numerous cinder cones and domes on the flanks of the shield and Mount_Terror_Antarctica is mostly under snow and ice . Mount_Terror_Antarctica is the second largest of the three volcanoes which make up Ross Island and Mount_Terror_Antarctica is somewhat overshadowed by
eos Mount_Terror_Antarctica has numerous cinder cones and domes on the flanks of the shield and Mount_Terror_Antarctica is mostly under snow and ice . Mount_Terror_Antarctica is the second largest of the three volcanoes which make up Ross Island and Mount_Terror_Antarctica is somewhat overshadowed by Mount_Terror_Antarctica neighbor , Mount Erebus , 30 km ( 20 mi ) to the west .
eos Mount_Terror_Antarctica was named in 1841 by Sir James Clark Ross for his second ship , the HMS Terror . The rocks at the summit have not been studied , but lower areas have been studied and rocks from those areas range from 0.82 to 1.75 million years old .
eos The rocks at the summit have not been studied , but lower areas have been studied and rocks from those areas range from 0.82 to 1.75 million years old . Mount_Terror_Antarctica shows no signs of volcanic activity more recent than that . The first ascent of
eos Mount_Terror_Antarctica shows no signs of volcanic activity more recent than that . The first ascent of Mount_Terror_Antarctica was made by a New Zealand party in 1959 . Terror Point ( 77 ° 41 & amp ; prime ; S 168 ° 13 & amp ; prime ; E ) , located just below
eos The first ascent of Mount_Terror_Antarctica was made by a New Zealand party in 1959 . Terror Point ( 77 ° 41 & amp ; prime ; S 168 ° 13 & amp ; prime ; E ) , located just below Mount_Terror_Antarctica , is the eastern limit of Fog Bay , 6 km ( 4 mi ) WNW of Cape MacKay on Ross Island . The name was first used by members of the British National Antarctic Expedition , 1901 - 04 , and was apparently applied in association with
eos The first ascent of Mount_Terror_Antarctica was made by a New Zealand party in 1959 . Terror Point ( 77 ° 41 & amp ; prime ; S 168 ° 13 & amp ; prime ; E ) , located just below Mount_Terror_Antarctica , is the eastern limit of Fog Bay , 6 km ( 4 mi ) WNW of Cape MacKay on Ross Island . The name was first used by members of the British National Antarctic Expedition , 1901 - 04 , and was apparently applied in association with Mount_Terror_Antarctica
eos 
eos Mount_Thor , officially gazetted as Thor Peak , is a mountain in Auyuittuq National Park , on Baffin Island , Nunavut , Canada .
eos The location is popular with climbers due to this feature , despite its remoteness . Camping is allowed , with the only official site being at the entrance to the Akshayuk Valley near Overlord Peak .
eos Camping is allowed , with the only official site being at the entrance to the Akshayuk Valley near Overlord Peak . Mount_Thor is part of the Baffin Mountains which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain range .
eos Mount_Thor is part of the Baffin Mountains which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain range . Mount_Thor is made of granite and Mount_Thor is the most famous of Canada 's mountains named ` ` Thor '' .
eos The team members were Hans Weber , J Rothlisberger and F Schwarzenbach . The same men who climbed the North Tower of Mount Asgard for the first time . The world record for longest rappel was set on
eos A 26 year old Canadian Park Ranger , Phillip Robinson , also rappelled , but had a problem with his equipment , dropped to the base of the mountain and was killed . There had been a previous attempt in 2004 , but they returned without rappelling due to dangerous weather conditions .
eos 
eos 
eos Mount_Tyree is the second highest mountain of Antarctica located 13 kilometres northwest of Vinson Massif ( 4,892 m ) , the highest peak on the continent .
eos Mount_Tyree is the second highest mountain of Antarctica located 13 kilometres northwest of Vinson Massif ( 4,892 m ) , the highest peak on the continent . Mount_Tyree was discovered in january 1958 during reconnaissance flights by the United States Navy VX-6 squadron , and mapped later that month by the Marie Byrd Land Traverse Party .
eos 
eos Mount_Vancouver is the eighth highest mountain in Canada and Mount_Vancouver is located in Kluane National Park and Reserve on the Canada - US border .
eos Older Canadian maps indicate that north is the highest but newer US maps based on GPS , show the south summit higher . However , the US maps do not show the north summit .
eos 
eos Mount_Veniaminof is an active stratovolcano located on the Alaska Peninsula . The Alaska Volcano Observatory currently rates
eos Mount_Veniaminof is an active stratovolcano located on the Alaska Peninsula . The Alaska Volcano Observatory currently rates Mount_Veniaminof as Aviation Color Code Green and Volcano Alert Level Normal .
eos Mount_Veniaminof was named after Ioann ( Ivan Popov ) Veniaminov ( 1797 - 1879 ) , a Russian Orthodox missionary priest whose writings on the Aleut language and ethnology are still standard references .
eos Mount_Veniaminof was the site of a colossal ( VEI 6 ) eruption around 1750 BC . This eruption left a large caldera . In modern times
eos This eruption left a large caldera . In modern times Mount_Veniaminof has had numerous small eruptions ( over ten of them since 1930 ) ; these are located at a cinder cone in the middle of the caldera .
eos In modern times Mount_Veniaminof has had numerous small eruptions ( over ten of them since 1930 ) ; these are located at a cinder cone in the middle of the caldera . Mount_Veniaminof has one of the highest elevations of Alaskan volcanoes . Partly for this reason ,
eos 
eos Mount_Vesuvius ( Italian : Monte Vesuvio , Latin : Mons Vesuvius ) is a volcano east of Naples , Italy .
eos Mount_Vesuvius ( Italian : Monte Vesuvio , Latin : Mons Vesuvius ) is a volcano east of Naples , Italy . Mount_Vesuvius is the only volcano on the European mainland to have erupted within the last hundred years , although
eos Mount_Vesuvius is the only volcano on the European mainland to have erupted within the last hundred years , although Mount_Vesuvius is not currently erupting . The only other two such volcanoes in Italy ( Etna and Stromboli ) are located on islands .
eos The only other two such volcanoes in Italy ( Etna and Stromboli ) are located on islands . Mount_Vesuvius is on the coast of the Bay of Naples , about nine kilometres ( six miles ) east of Naples and a short distance from the shore .
eos Mount_Vesuvius is on the coast of the Bay of Naples , about nine kilometres ( six miles ) east of Naples and a short distance from the shore . Mount_Vesuvius is conspicuous in the beautiful landscape presented by the Bay of Naples , when seen from the sea , with Naples in the foreground .
eos Mount_Vesuvius is on the coast of the Bay of Naples , about nine kilometres ( six miles ) east of Naples and a short distance from the shore . Mount_Vesuvius is conspicuous in the beautiful landscape presented by the Bay of Naples , when seen from the sea , with Naples in the foreground . Mount_Vesuvius is best known for
eos Mount_Vesuvius is conspicuous in the beautiful landscape presented by the Bay of Naples , when seen from the sea , with Naples in the foreground . Mount_Vesuvius is best known for Mount_Vesuvius eruption in AD 79 that led to the destruction of the Roman cities of Pompeii and Herculaneum . Mount_Vesuvius has erupted many times since and Mount_Vesuvius is today regarded as one of the most dangerous volcanoes in the world because of the population of 3,000,000 people now living close to
eos Mount_Vesuvius is conspicuous in the beautiful landscape presented by the Bay of Naples , when seen from the sea , with Naples in the foreground . Mount_Vesuvius is best known for Mount_Vesuvius eruption in AD 79 that led to the destruction of the Roman cities of Pompeii and Herculaneum . Mount_Vesuvius has erupted many times since and Mount_Vesuvius is today regarded as one of the most dangerous volcanoes in the world because of the population of 3,000,000 people now living close to Mount_Vesuvius and
eos Mount_Vesuvius is conspicuous in the beautiful landscape presented by the Bay of Naples , when seen from the sea , with Naples in the foreground . Mount_Vesuvius is best known for Mount_Vesuvius eruption in AD 79 that led to the destruction of the Roman cities of Pompeii and Herculaneum .
eos Mount_Vesuvius has erupted many times since and Mount_Vesuvius is today regarded as one of the most dangerous volcanoes in the world because of the population of 3,000,000 people now living close to Mount_Vesuvius and Mount_Vesuvius tendency towards explosive eruptions . It is the most densely populated volcanic region in the world .
eos Mount_Vesuvius has erupted many times since and Mount_Vesuvius is today regarded as one of the most dangerous volcanoes in the world because of the population of 3,000,000 people now living close to Mount_Vesuvius and Mount_Vesuvius tendency towards explosive eruptions . It is the most densely populated volcanic region in the world . Mount_Vesuvius was regarded by the Greeks and Romans as being sacred to the hero and demigod Heracles / Hercules , and the town of Herculaneum , built at
eos 
eos Mount_Victoria_Papua_New_Guinea is the highest point in the Owen Stanley Ranges in Central Province , Papua New Guinea at 4,072 metres .
eos 
eos Mount_Waddington is the highest peak in the Coast Mountains .
eos Mount_Waddington is the highest peak in the Coast Mountains . Mount_Waddington and the subrange which surround
eos Mount_Waddington is the highest peak in the Coast Mountains . Mount_Waddington and the subrange which surround Mount_Waddington , the Waddington Range , stand at the heart of the Pacific Ranges , which is to say
eos Mount_Waddington and the subrange which surround Mount_Waddington , the Waddington Range , stand at the heart of the Pacific Ranges , which is to say Mount_Waddington is in a remote and extremely difficult set of mountains and stupendous river valleys . It is not so far north as its extreme arctic - like conditions might indicate and
eos Mount_Waddington and the subrange which surround Mount_Waddington , the Waddington Range , stand at the heart of the Pacific Ranges , which is to say Mount_Waddington is in a remote and extremely difficult set of mountains and stupendous river valleys . It is not so far north as its extreme arctic - like conditions might indicate and Mount_Waddington and
eos the subrange which surround Mount_Waddington , the Waddington Range , stand at the heart of the Pacific Ranges , which is to say Mount_Waddington is in a remote and extremely difficult set of mountains and stupendous river valleys . It is not so far north as its extreme arctic - like conditions might indicate and Mount_Waddington and Mount_Waddington attendant peaks pose some of the most serious expedition mountaineering to be had in North America - and some of the most extreme relief and spectacular mountain scenery . From
eos 
eos Mount_Walsh is a mountain in Kluane National Park and Reserve in Yukon , Canada .
eos 
eos Mount_Walter_New_Mexico is the second highest named summit in the state of New Mexico in the United States . However
eos Mount_Walter_New_Mexico is the second highest named summit in the state of New Mexico in the United States . However Mount_Walter_New_Mexico is not usually counted as an independent mountain since
eos 
eos Mount_Warren ( 13,722 ft / 4,182 m ) is located in the Wind River Range in the US state of Wyoming .
eos 
eos Mount_Washburn is a mountain in Yellowstone National Park , in the US state of Wyoming .
eos Mount_Washburn is a mountain in Yellowstone National Park , in the US state of Wyoming . Mount_Washburn was named for
eos 
eos Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire is the highest peak in the American Northeast at 6288 ft .
eos Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire is the highest peak in the American Northeast at 6288 ft . Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire is famous for
eos Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire is the highest peak in the American Northeast at 6288 ft . Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire is famous for Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire dangerously erratic weather , holding the record for the highest wind gust directly measured at the Earth 's surface , at 231 mph ( 372 km / h ) on the afternoon of april 12 , 1934 .
eos Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire is famous for Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire dangerously erratic weather , holding the record for the highest wind gust directly measured at the Earth 's surface , at 231 mph ( 372 km / h ) on the afternoon of april 12 , 1934 . Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire was known as Agiocochook , or ` ` home of the Great Spirit '' , before European settlers arrived .
eos Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire was known as Agiocochook , or ` ` home of the Great Spirit '' , before European settlers arrived . Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire is located in the Presidential Range of the White Mountains , in Coos County , New Hampshire .
eos Mount Wellington is a peak and a suburb in Auckland City , New Zealand .
eos 
eos Mount_Werner is a mountain in the Rocky Mountains in the Park Range in Colorado .
eos Mount_Werner is a mountain in the Rocky Mountains in the Park Range in Colorado . Mount_Werner reaches a height of 10,568 ft ( 3,224 m ) above sea level and Mount_Werner has a base elevation of 6,900 ft ( 2103 m ) .
eos Mount_Werner reaches a height of 10,568 ft ( 3,224 m ) above sea level and Mount_Werner has a base elevation of 6,900 ft ( 2103 m ) . Mount_Werner has a vertical rise of 3,668 ft ( 1,121 m ) , Colorado 's second highest .
eos Mount_Werner has a vertical rise of 3,668 ft ( 1,121 m ) , Colorado 's second highest . Mount_Werner has five peaks ( from lowest to highest ) , Christie Peak , Thunderhead Peak , Sunshine Peak , Storm Peak , and Mt. Werner . The Steamboat Ski Resort operates on 2,939 acres of
eos The Steamboat Ski Resort operates on 2,939 acres of Mount_Werner . It is serviced by the Silver Bullet Gondola lift and several chairlifts .
eos Mount_Werner regularly receives some of the highest levels of snow in Colorado . The most recent ten year snowfall average was 334 in ( 848 cm ) a year . Much of
eos The most recent ten year snowfall average was 334 in ( 848 cm ) a year . Much of Mount_Werner and the resort are contained within the Routt National Forest . Formerly known as Storm Mountain ,
eos Much of Mount_Werner and the resort are contained within the Routt National Forest . Formerly known as Storm Mountain , Mount_Werner was renamed in honor of Buddy Werner , an Olympian from Steamboat Springs who was killed in an avalanche in Switzerland in april 1964 . Four miles west of
eos 
eos Mount_Whitney is the highest point in the contiguous United States at elevation 14,505 feet ( 4,421 meters ) .
eos Mount_Whitney is the highest point in the contiguous United States at elevation 14,505 feet ( 4,421 meters ) . Mount_Whitney is located at the boundary between California 's Inyo and Tulare counties . The western slope of
eos Mount_Whitney is located at the boundary between California 's Inyo and Tulare counties . The western slope of Mount_Whitney lies within Sequoia National Park .
eos The western slope of Mount_Whitney lies within Sequoia National Park . Mount_Whitney is the southern terminus of the John Muir Trail , which runs 211.9 miles ( 340.9 km ) from Yosemite Valley .
eos Mount_Whitney is the southern terminus of the John Muir Trail , which runs 211.9 miles ( 340.9 km ) from Yosemite Valley . Mount_Whitney was named after Josiah Whitney , the State Geologist of California .
eos Mount_Whitney is the southern terminus of the John Muir Trail , which runs 211.9 miles ( 340.9 km ) from Yosemite Valley . Mount_Whitney was named after Josiah Whitney , the State Geologist of California . Mount_Whitney was first climbed in 1873 by Charles Begole , A H. Johnson , and John Lucas ( fishermen who lived in Lone Pine , California . )
eos 
eos Mount_Whyte is a mountain in Alberta , Canada .
eos Mount_Whyte is a mountain in Alberta , Canada . Mount_Whyte is located in Banff National Park , near Lake Louise .
eos Mount_Whyte is located in Banff National Park , near Lake Louise . Mount_Whyte can be seen from the Trans - Canada Highway , and Mount_Whyte offers views of the Valley of the Ten Peaks , including the Chateau Lake Louise .
eos 
eos Mount_Wilbur_Alaska is a high peak of the Fairweather Range , the southernmost part of the Saint Elias Range .
eos Mount_Wilbur_Alaska is a high peak of the Fairweather Range , the southernmost part of the Saint Elias Range . Mount_Wilbur_Alaska lies approximately 14 miles ( 22 km ) southeast of Mount Fairweather and 8 miles ( 13 km ) northwest of Mount Crillon .
eos Mount_Wilbur_Alaska lies approximately 14 miles ( 22 km ) southeast of Mount Fairweather and 8 miles ( 13 km ) northwest of Mount Crillon . Mount_Wilbur_Alaska is included in Glacier Bay National Park .
eos Mount_Wilbur_Alaska is included in Glacier Bay National Park . Mount_Wilbur_Alaska is the higher of a pair of peaks , Mounts Wilbur and Orville , named after the Wright Brothers . Though not a particularly high peak in absolute terms ,
eos Mount_Wilbur_Alaska is included in Glacier Bay National Park . Mount_Wilbur_Alaska is the higher of a pair of peaks , Mounts Wilbur and Orville , named after the Wright Brothers . Though not a particularly high peak in absolute terms , Mount_Wilbur_Alaska does stand quite high above local terrain , due to
eos 
eos Mount_Wilbur_Montana is a prominent peak located in the heart of Glacier National Park in the US state of Montana . Plainly visible from the region of Many Glacier ,
eos Mount_Wilbur_Montana is a prominent peak located in the heart of Glacier National Park in the US state of Montana . Plainly visible from the region of Many Glacier , Mount_Wilbur_Montana rises over 4,500 feet above Swiftcurrent Lake and Mount_Wilbur_Montana is a steep pyramid on three sides . The west slopes of
eos 
eos Mount_Wilhelm ( German : Wilhelmsberg ) is the highest mountain in Papua New Guinea at 4,509 metres .
eos Mount_Wilhelm ( German : Wilhelmsberg ) is the highest mountain in Papua New Guinea at 4,509 metres . Mount_Wilhelm is part of the Bismarck Range and
eos ( German : Wilhelmsberg ) is the highest mountain in Papua New Guinea at 4,509 metres . Mount_Wilhelm is part of the Bismarck Range and Mount_Wilhelm is the point where three provinces intersect , Simbu , Western Highlands and Madang .
eos Mount_Wilhelm is part of the Bismarck Range and Mount_Wilhelm is the point where three provinces intersect , Simbu , Western Highlands and Madang . Mount_Wilhelm is also known as Enduwa Kombuglu in the local Kuman language , a Papuan language .
eos Mount_Wilhelm is also known as Enduwa Kombuglu in the local Kuman language , a Papuan language . Mount_Wilhelm is one of the highest mountains on the island of New Guinea , which incorporates Papua New Guinea and the Indonesian province of Papua .
eos 
eos Mount_Williamson , at 14,403 feet ( 4,390 m ) , is the second highest mountain in both the Sierra Nevada range , and the state of California .
eos Mount_Williamson , at 14,403 feet ( 4,390 m ) , is the second highest mountain in both the Sierra Nevada range , and the state of California . Mount_Williamson is the sixth highest peak in the contiguous United States .
eos Mount_Williamson is the sixth highest peak in the contiguous United States . Mount_Williamson lies in the John Muir Wilderness of the Inyo National Forest .
eos Mount_Williamson lies in the John Muir Wilderness of the Inyo National Forest . Mount_Williamson is located approximately 6 miles ( 9 km ) north of Mount Whitney , the highest peak in the contiguous US , and about 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) southeast of Shepherd Pass , the nearest trail access . The closest town is Independence , California , about 11.8 miles ( 19 km ) north - north - east of
eos Mount_Williamson is located approximately 6 miles ( 9 km ) north of Mount Whitney , the highest peak in the contiguous US , and about 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) southeast of Shepherd Pass , the nearest trail access . The closest town is Independence , California , about 11.8 miles ( 19 km ) north - north - east of Mount_Williamson in the Owens Valley .
eos The closest town is Independence , California , about 11.8 miles ( 19 km ) north - north - east of Mount_Williamson in the Owens Valley . Mount_Williamson lies about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) east of the High Sierra crest , which forms the western edge of the Owens Valley .
eos The closest town is Independence , California , about 11.8 miles ( 19 km ) north - north - east of Mount_Williamson in the Owens Valley . Mount_Williamson lies about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) east of the High Sierra crest , which forms the western edge of the Owens Valley . Mount_Williamson is more remote than Whitney in terms of access ; however
eos Mount_Williamson is more remote than Whitney in terms of access ; however Mount_Williamson is actually a bit closer to the Owens Valley floor than Whitney . For example , the drop from the summit to the forest edge is 8,000 feet ( 2,430 m ) in approximately 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) . This makes Mount_Williamson an imposing mountain , though far less of a popular climb than
eos Mount_Williamson is more remote than Whitney in terms of access ; however Mount_Williamson is actually a bit closer to the Owens Valley floor than Whitney . For example , the drop from the summit to the forest edge is 8,000 feet ( 2,430 m ) in approximately 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) . This makes
eos This makes Mount_Williamson an imposing mountain , though far less of a popular climb than Mount_Williamson higher neighbor . The standard ascent route is the West Side Route , accessed from Shepherd 's Pass . From the pass , one travels across the Williamson Bowl , which lies between
eos From the bowl , the route climbs gullies up the west face to the relatively broad summit plateau ; this portion involves scrambling up to Class 3 . Technically easier , but with a much more difficult approach , is the Southeast Slopes Route , rising from George Creek . Other routes exist on
eos Technically easier , but with a much more difficult approach , is the Southeast Slopes Route , rising from George Creek . Other routes exist on Mount_Williamson , including a significant technical route on the North Rib ( Grade IV , 5.7 ) . Climbing
eos Climbing Mount_Williamson is made more difficult by two factors : first is the length and difficulty of the approach . Elevation gain from the trailhead is over 8,000 feet ( 2,430 m ) , and the trail to Shepherd 's Pass alone is 11 miles ( 18 km ) . Second ,
eos Elevation gain from the trailhead is over 8,000 feet ( 2,430 m ) , and the trail to Shepherd 's Pass alone is 11 miles ( 18 km ) . Second , Mount_Williamson is in the Bighorn Sheep Zoological Preserve , which is closed for much of the year . The first recorded ascent of
eos The first ascent of the West Side Route was made in 1896 by Bolton C Brown and Lucy Brown . New routes continued to be put up on the harder faces at least through the 1970s .
eos 
eos Mount_Wilson_California is one of the more prominent peaks in the San Gabriel Mountains , part of the Angeles National Forest in Los Angeles County , California , USA .
eos Mount_Wilson_California is one of the more prominent peaks in the San Gabriel Mountains , part of the Angeles National Forest in Los Angeles County , California , USA . Mount_Wilson_California is the location of the Mount Wilson Observatory and Mount_Wilson_California has become the astronomical center of Southern California with 60 inch ( 1524 mm ) and 100 inch ( 2540 mm ) telescopes , and 60 foot ( 18 m ) and 150 foot ( 46 m ) solar towers .
eos Mount_Wilson_California is one of the more prominent peaks in the San Gabriel Mountains , part of the Angeles National Forest in Los Angeles County , California , USA . Mount_Wilson_California is the location of the Mount Wilson Observatory and Mount_Wilson_California has become the astronomical center of Southern California with 60 inch ( 1524 mm ) and 100 inch ( 2540 mm ) telescopes , and 60 foot ( 18 m ) and 150 foot ( 46 m ) solar towers . Mount_Wilson_California is located at 5,710 feet although surrounding peaks around
eos Mount_Wilson_California is the location of the Mount Wilson Observatory and Mount_Wilson_California has become the astronomical center of Southern California with 60 inch ( 1524 mm ) and 100 inch ( 2540 mm ) telescopes , and 60 foot ( 18 m ) and 150 foot ( 46 m ) solar towers . Mount_Wilson_California is located at 5,710 feet although surrounding peaks around Mount_Wilson_California can rise slightly above 6,000 feet . Due to this elevation , winter snow can sometimes interrupt astronomical activities on
eos Mount_Wilson_California is located at 5,710 feet although surrounding peaks around Mount_Wilson_California can rise slightly above 6,000 feet . Due to this elevation , winter snow can sometimes interrupt astronomical activities on Mount_Wilson_California .
eos Mount_Wilson_California is located at 5,710 feet although surrounding peaks around Mount_Wilson_California can rise slightly above 6,000 feet . Due to this elevation , winter snow can sometimes interrupt astronomical activities on Mount_Wilson_California . Mount_Wilson_California is also referred to as a metro - media center for
eos 
eos Mount_Wilson_Colorado is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the US state of Colorado .
eos Mount_Wilson_Colorado is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the US state of Colorado . Mount_Wilson_Colorado is located in the Lizard Head Wilderness in Dolores County approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Rico .
eos 
eos Mount_Wister is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , in the US state of Wyoming .
eos 
eos Mount_Woodring is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming .
eos 
eos Mount_Woodrow_Wilson ( 13,502 ft / 4,115 m ) is located in the Wind River Range in the US state of Wyoming .
eos Mount_Woodrow_Wilson is the ninth highest in the range and the tenth tallest in Wyoming . The summit is located in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger - Teton National Forest , immediately west of the Continental Divide . The eastern and western flanks of
eos 
eos Mount_Zulia is in Kotido province in the northeast of Uganda , Africa in the Kidepo Valley National Park . Nearby there are Mount Morungole , and the Labwor and Dodoth Hills which reach heights in excess of 2,000 metres .
eos 
eos Mulanje_Massif , also known as Mount Mulanje , is a large monadnock in southern Malawi near the city of Blantyre , rising sharply from the surrounding plains of Chiradzulu , and the tea - growing Mulanje district .
eos Mulanje_Massif , also known as Mount Mulanje , is a large monadnock in southern Malawi near the city of Blantyre , rising sharply from the surrounding plains of Chiradzulu , and the tea - growing Mulanje district . Mulanje_Massif measures approximately 13x16 miles ( 22x26 kilometres ) and Mulanje_Massif has a maximum elevation of 3,002 m at
eos Mulanje_Massif measures approximately 13x16 miles ( 22x26 kilometres ) and Mulanje_Massif has a maximum elevation of 3,002 m at Mulanje_Massif highest point , Sapitwa Peak . Much of
eos Mulanje_Massif has a maximum elevation of 3,002 m at Mulanje_Massif highest point , Sapitwa Peak . Much of Mulanje_Massif consists of rolling grassland at elevations of 1800 - 2200 m , intersected by deep forested ravines .
eos Much of Mulanje_Massif consists of rolling grassland at elevations of 1800 - 2200 m , intersected by deep forested ravines . Mulanje_Massif has many individual peaks reaching heights of over 2500 m , including Chambe Peak , the West Face of which is the longest rock climb in Africa .
eos Mulanje_Massif has many individual peaks reaching heights of over 2500 m , including Chambe Peak , the West Face of which is the longest rock climb in Africa . Mulanje_Massif was formed by the extrusion of magma into the earth 's crust about 130 million years ago . The surrounding rock eroded away over time , leaving behind the erosion - resistant igneous rock of
eos Mulanje_Massif was formed by the extrusion of magma into the earth 's crust about 130 million years ago . The surrounding rock eroded away over time , leaving behind the erosion - resistant igneous rock of Mulanje_Massif . The first European to report seeing Mulanje_Massif was David Livingstone in 1859 , but archeological investigation reveals evidence of human visits to
eos Mulanje_Massif was formed by the extrusion of magma into the earth 's crust about 130 million years ago . The surrounding rock eroded away over time , leaving behind the erosion - resistant igneous rock of Mulanje_Massif . The first European to report seeing
eos The surrounding rock eroded away over time , leaving behind the erosion - resistant igneous rock of Mulanje_Massif . The first European to report seeing Mulanje_Massif was David Livingstone in 1859 , but archeological investigation reveals evidence of human visits to Mulanje_Massif from the Stone Age onwards . The elevation of
eos The surrounding rock eroded away over time , leaving behind the erosion - resistant igneous rock of Mulanje_Massif . The first European to report seeing Mulanje_Massif was David Livingstone in 1859 , but archeological investigation reveals evidence of human visits to Mulanje_Massif from the Stone Age onwards . The elevation of Mulanje_Massif is high enough for
eos The surrounding rock eroded away over time , leaving behind the erosion - resistant igneous rock of Mulanje_Massif . The first European to report seeing Mulanje_Massif was David Livingstone in 1859 , but archeological investigation reveals evidence of human visits to Mulanje_Massif from the Stone Age onwards . The elevation of Mulanje_Massif is high enough for Mulanje_Massif disturb upper level air flow and induce rain clouds to form around
eos The surrounding rock eroded away over time , leaving behind the erosion - resistant igneous rock of Mulanje_Massif . The first European to report seeing Mulanje_Massif was David Livingstone in 1859 , but archeological investigation reveals evidence of human visits to Mulanje_Massif from the Stone Age onwards . The elevation of Mulanje_Massif is high enough for Mulanje_Massif disturb upper level air flow and induce rain clouds to form around Mulanje_Massif , making
eos The first European to report seeing Mulanje_Massif was David Livingstone in 1859 , but archeological investigation reveals evidence of human visits to Mulanje_Massif from the Stone Age onwards . The elevation of Mulanje_Massif is high enough for Mulanje_Massif disturb upper level air flow and induce rain clouds to form around Mulanje_Massif , making Mulanje_Massif an important source of rain water at the head of almost every river that runs through this part of Malawi . The forested slopes of
eos The forested slopes of Mulanje_Massif support a sizable timber industry . At one time there was a cableway to transport timber from the edge of the plateau down to the Likhubula Forestry Station , but it fell into disrepair , and currently planks are carried down manually .
eos Examples include forest butterfies , birds such as the cholo alethe and White - winged Apalis , Dwarf Chameleon , geckos , skinks , the Squeaker Frog , and a rare limbless burrowing skink species . The land around the park is threatened by growing population , land use patterns such as forest clearing for farming and firewood , and invasive species such as Mexican Pine and Himalayan Raspberry .
eos Examples include forest butterfies , birds such as the cholo alethe and White - winged Apalis , Dwarf Chameleon , geckos , skinks , the Squeaker Frog , and a rare limbless burrowing skink species . The land around the park is threatened by growing population , land use patterns such as forest clearing for farming and firewood , and invasive species such as Mexican Pine and Himalayan Raspberry . Mulanje_Massif is popular for hiking and climbing , and Mulanje_Massif has several mountain huts scattered across
eos 
eos Mulhacin is the highest mountain in continental Spain and in the Iberian Peninsula .
eos Mulhacin is the highest mountain in continental Spain and in the Iberian Peninsula . Mulhacin is part of the Sierra Nevada range in the Cordillera Penibética .
eos Mulhacin is the highest mountain in continental Spain and in the Iberian Peninsula . Mulhacin is part of the Sierra Nevada range in the Cordillera Penibética . Mulhacin is named after Muley Abul Hassan , the penultimate Muslim King of Granada in the 15th century , who according to legend was buried on the summit of
eos Mulhacin is part of the Sierra Nevada range in the Cordillera Penibética . Mulhacin is named after Muley Abul Hassan , the penultimate Muslim King of Granada in the 15th century , who according to legend was buried on the summit of Mulhacin . While not of exceptional height by European standards ,
eos Mulhacin is named after Muley Abul Hassan , the penultimate Muslim King of Granada in the 15th century , who according to legend was buried on the summit of Mulhacin . While not of exceptional height by European standards , Mulhacin is the highest peak in Europe outside the Caucasus Mountains and the Alps .
eos While not of exceptional height by European standards , Mulhacin is the highest peak in Europe outside the Caucasus Mountains and the Alps . Mulhacin is also the third most topographically prominent peak in Western Europe , after Mont Blanc and Mount Etna , and Mulhacin is ranked 64th in the world by prominence .
eos Mulhacin is also the third most topographically prominent peak in Western Europe , after Mont Blanc and Mount Etna , and Mulhacin is ranked 64th in the world by prominence . Mulhacin is not exceptionally dramatic in terms of steepness or local relief . The south flank of
eos The south flank of Mulhacin is gentle , and presents no technical challenge , as is the case for the long west ridge . The shorter , somewhat steeper north east ridge is slightly more technical . The north face of
eos The shorter , somewhat steeper north east ridge is slightly more technical . The north face of Mulhacin , however , is much steeper , and offers several routes involving moderately steep climbing on snow and ice ( up to French grade AD ) in the winter .
eos The north face of Mulhacin , however , is much steeper , and offers several routes involving moderately steep climbing on snow and ice ( up to French grade AD ) in the winter . Mulhacin can be climbed in a single day from the villages of either Capileira or Trevelez , but it is more common to spend a night at the mountain refuge at Poqueira , or in the bare shelter at Caldera to the west . Those making the ascent from Trevelez can also bivouac at the tarns to the northeast of
eos Mulhacin can be climbed in a single day from the villages of either Capileira or Trevelez , but it is more common to spend a night at the mountain refuge at Poqueira , or in the bare shelter at Caldera to the west . Those making the ascent from Trevelez can also bivouac at the tarns to the northeast of Mulhacin . On march 7 , 2006 three British climbers from Teesside died on
eos 
eos ( Chinese : 慕士塔格峰 ; pinyin : Mùshìtǎgé Fēng ) , is the second highest of the mountains which form the northern edge of the Tibetan Plateau .
eos ( Chinese : 慕士塔格峰 ; pinyin : Mùshìtǎgé Fēng ) , is the second highest of the mountains which form the northern edge of the Tibetan Plateau . Muztagh_Ata is sometimes regarded as being part of the Kunlun Shan , although physically
eos pinyin : Mùshìtǎgé Fēng ) , is the second highest of the mountains which form the northern edge of the Tibetan Plateau . Muztagh_Ata is sometimes regarded as being part of the Kunlun Shan , although physically Muztagh_Ata is more closely connected to the Pamir .
eos pinyin : Mùshìtǎgé Fēng ) , is the second highest of the mountains which form the northern edge of the Tibetan Plateau . Muztagh_Ata is sometimes regarded as being part of the Kunlun Shan , although physically Muztagh_Ata is more closely connected to the Pamir . Muztagh_Ata is also reputedly one of the easiest 7,000 m peaks in the world to climb , due to
eos 
eos Muztagh_Tower ( also : Mustagh Tower ; Muztagh : ice tower ) , is a mountain of the Karakoram range in the Himalaya in Northern Areas of Pakistan .
eos Muztagh : ice tower ) , is a mountain of the Karakoram range in the Himalaya in Northern Areas of Pakistan . Muztagh_Tower is often said to be one of the most difficult mountains in the world to climb .
eos Muztagh_Tower is often said to be one of the most difficult mountains in the world to climb . Muztagh_Tower stands 7,273 metres high between the basins of the Baltoro and Sarpo Laggo glaciers , and Muztagh_Tower also possesses a second summit , on the northeast ridge , that is 7,180 m high . Long considered unclimbable ,
eos Muztagh_Tower stands 7,273 metres high between the basins of the Baltoro and Sarpo Laggo glaciers , and Muztagh_Tower also possesses a second summit , on the northeast ridge , that is 7,180 m high . Long considered unclimbable , Muztagh_Tower was first summited in 1956 by a British expedition , consisting of John Hartog , Joe Brown , Tom Patey and Ian McNaught Davis , that came from the west side . The group barely managed to beat a French party attempting to climb
eos 
eos Nadelhorn ( 4,327 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland .
eos Nadelhorn ( 4,327 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . Nadelhorn is the highest point on the Nadelgrat , a high - level ridge running roughly north - south above the resort of Saas - Fee to the east , and the Mattertal to the west .
eos Nadelhorn is the highest point on the Nadelgrat , a high - level ridge running roughly north - south above the resort of Saas - Fee to the east , and the Mattertal to the west . Nadelhorn three ridges join to form a sharp - pointed summit , which looks like a needle ( German : Nadel ) when seen from the north .
eos 
eos Namcha_Barwa ( officially : Namjagbarwa ; Tibetan in Wylie transliteration : gnam lcags ` bar ba ; Chinese : 南迦巴瓦峰 , Pinyin : Nánjiābāwǎ Fēng ) is a mountain in the Tibetan Himalaya .
eos 
eos ( Kangchenjunga , on the border of India and Nepal , is the highest peak in India . However , as per the Indian Government , K2 is the highest mountain in India ) .
eos However , as per the Indian Government , K2 is the highest mountain in India ) . Nanda_Devi is part of the Garhwal Himalaya , and Nanda_Devi is located in the state of Uttarakhand , between the Rishiganga valley on the west and the Goriganga valley on the east .
eos Nanda_Devi is part of the Garhwal Himalaya , and Nanda_Devi is located in the state of Uttarakhand , between the Rishiganga valley on the west and the Goriganga valley on the east . Nanda_Devi name means Bliss - Giving Goddess .
eos 
eos Nanga_Parbat is the ninth highest mountain on Earth . Nanga Parbat means ` ` Naked Mountain '' in Urdu , parbat deriving from the Sanskrit word parvata ( पर्वत ) meaning ` ` mountain '' .
eos Nanga_Parbat is the ninth highest mountain on Earth . Nanga Parbat means ` ` Naked Mountain '' in Urdu , parbat deriving from the Sanskrit word parvata ( पर्वत ) meaning ` ` mountain '' . Nanga_Parbat was one of the deadliest of the eight - thousanders for climbers in the first half of the twentieth century ; since that time
eos Nanga Parbat means ` ` Naked Mountain '' in Urdu , parbat deriving from the Sanskrit word parvata ( पर्वत ) meaning ` ` mountain '' . Nanga_Parbat was one of the deadliest of the eight - thousanders for climbers in the first half of the twentieth century ; since that time Nanga_Parbat has been less so , though still an extremely serious climb .
eos Nanga Parbat means ` ` Naked Mountain '' in Urdu , parbat deriving from the Sanskrit word parvata ( पर्वत ) meaning ` ` mountain '' . Nanga_Parbat was one of the deadliest of the eight - thousanders for climbers in the first half of the twentieth century ; since that time Nanga_Parbat has been less so , though still an extremely serious climb . Nanga_Parbat is also an immense , dramatic peak
eos Nanga Parbat means ` ` Naked Mountain '' in Urdu , parbat deriving from the Sanskrit word parvata ( पर्वत ) meaning ` ` mountain '' . Nanga_Parbat was one of the deadliest of the eight - thousanders for climbers in the first half of the twentieth century ; since that time Nanga_Parbat has been less so , though still an extremely serious climb . Nanga_Parbat is also an immense , dramatic peak Nanga_Parbat rises far above
eos 
eos Nevado_Mismi is a mountain peak of volcanic origin located in the Andes mountain range of Peru .
eos Nevado_Mismi is a mountain peak of volcanic origin located in the Andes mountain range of Peru . Nevado_Mismi is about 160 km west of Lake Titicaca and 700 km southeast of Peru 's capital city , Lima , in the Arequipa Region .
eos Nevado_Mismi is about 160 km west of Lake Titicaca and 700 km southeast of Peru 's capital city , Lima , in the Arequipa Region . Nevado_Mismi is one of the highest points of Colca Canyon . There are several glaciers on
eos Nevado_Mismi is one of the highest points of Colca Canyon . There are several glaciers on Nevado_Mismi . In 2001 , it was verified that the main headwater of the Amazon River has its glacial source on
eos There are several glaciers on Nevado_Mismi . In 2001 , it was verified that the main headwater of the Amazon River has its glacial source on Nevado_Mismi . An expedition of the National Geographic Society discovered that Carhuasanta stream flowing into Río Apurímac originates on
eos 
eos Nevado_Pisco is a mountain in Peru , located in the Cordillera Blanca about 60 km north of Huaraz .
eos Nevado_Pisco is a mountain in Peru , located in the Cordillera Blanca about 60 km north of Huaraz . Nevado_Pisco was first climbed in july 12 , 1951 by C Kojan , G Kojan , R Leininger and M Lenoir . Previously ,
eos Nevado_Pisco is a mountain in Peru , located in the Cordillera Blanca about 60 km north of Huaraz . Nevado_Pisco was first climbed in july 12 , 1951 by C Kojan , G Kojan , R Leininger and M Lenoir . Previously , Nevado_Pisco was popular for
eos Previously , Nevado_Pisco was popular for Nevado_Pisco easy climb . Due to global warming and the resulting retreat of glaciers worldwide , a large piece of the glacier broke away in 2004 . As a result ,
eos Previously , Nevado_Pisco was popular for Nevado_Pisco easy climb . Due to global warming and the resulting retreat of glaciers worldwide , a large piece of the glacier broke away in 2004 . As a result , Nevado_Pisco is no longer the easy climb
eos Due to global warming and the resulting retreat of glaciers worldwide , a large piece of the glacier broke away in 2004 . As a result , Nevado_Pisco is no longer the easy climb Nevado_Pisco once was and depending on the season
eos As a result , Nevado_Pisco is no longer the easy climb Nevado_Pisco once was and depending on the season Nevado_Pisco has a large ice wall with a 50 - 60 meter climb up a 60 degree slope .
eos Nevado_Pisco has a large ice wall with a 50 - 60 meter climb up a 60 degree slope . Nevado_Pisco is now rated an AD - . It is predicted that
eos Nevado_Pisco is now rated an AD - . It is predicted that Nevado_Pisco will get more difficult as the glacier continues to recede . There are a multitude of companies in Huaraz offering guided climbs of
eos There are a multitude of companies in Huaraz offering guided climbs of Nevado_Pisco , which usually include all equipment , food , transport , guide , and possibly a porter . The normal route is from the road to the south , up to the col to the west , then to the summit . There are two camps on
eos There are a multitude of companies in Huaraz offering guided climbs of Nevado_Pisco , which usually include all equipment , food , transport , guide , and possibly a porter . The normal route is from the road to the south , up to the col to the west , then to the summit . There are two camps on Nevado_Pisco and one at
eos Most parties travel from Huaraz and climb to the moraine camp in one day , then summit and return to Huaraz the next . Climbing involves mostly walking on snow slopes up to 35 degrees , but there is one section of about 100 m of steep ice . Views from
eos 
eos Nevado_Sajama is an extinct stratovolcano and the highest peak in Bolivia .
eos Nevado_Sajama is an extinct stratovolcano and the highest peak in Bolivia . Nevado_Sajama is located in Sajama National Park in the southwest area of the country some 16 - 24 km ( 10 - 15 mi ) from the border with Chile .
eos Nevado_Sajama is located in Sajama National Park in the southwest area of the country some 16 - 24 km ( 10 - 15 mi ) from the border with Chile . Nevado_Sajama is an isolated cone , but Nevado_Sajama is geologically complex , with lava domes of andesitic and rhyodactic composition overlain by an andesitic stratovolcano . The date of the most recent eruption is uncertain , although Holocene activity is assigned to
eos Nevado_Sajama is an isolated cone , but Nevado_Sajama is geologically complex , with lava domes of andesitic and rhyodactic composition overlain by an andesitic stratovolcano . The date of the most recent eruption is uncertain , although Holocene activity is assigned to Nevado_Sajama by many . Joseph Prem made the first attempt to climb
eos 
eos Nevado_Tres_Cruces is a mountain in the Andes Mountains .
eos Nevado_Tres_Cruces has two main summits , Tres Cruces Sur at 6,749 m and Tres Cruces Central at 6,629 m . The former marks the border between Argentina and Chile .
eos Nevado_Tres_Cruces has two main summits , Tres Cruces Sur at 6,749 m and Tres Cruces Central at 6,629 m . The former marks the border between Argentina and Chile . Nevado_Tres_Cruces gives
eos 
eos Nevado_de_Toluca is a large stratovolcano in central Mexico , located about 80 km west of Mexico City near the city of Toluca .
eos Nevado_de_Toluca is a large stratovolcano in central Mexico , located about 80 km west of Mexico City near the city of Toluca . Nevado_de_Toluca is generally cited as the fourth highest of Mexico 's peaks , after Pico de Orizaba , Popocatépetl , and Iztaccíhuatl , although by some measurements , Sierra Negra is slightly higher .
eos Nevado_de_Toluca is generally cited as the fourth highest of Mexico 's peaks , after Pico de Orizaba , Popocatépetl , and Iztaccíhuatl , although by some measurements , Sierra Negra is slightly higher . Nevado_de_Toluca is often called by the Nahuatl name Xinantécatl , ` ` Senor Desnudo '' in spanish , which is usually translated as ` ` The Naked Man '' although other etymologies have been suggested such as ` ` Lord of the Cornstalks '' ( chinām ( itl ) ` cornstalks ' + tēcatl ` lord of ' ) .
eos The highest summit , Pico del Fraile ( Friar 's Peak ) , is on the south side of the crater and the second highest , Pico de la Aguila ( Eagle 's Peak ) , is on the north . There are two crater lakes on the floor of the basin at about 4200 m , the larger Laguna del Sol ( Sun Lake ) and the smaller , but deeper , Laguna de la Luna ( Moon Lake ) . A road runs into the caldera to the lakes , making
eos There are two crater lakes on the floor of the basin at about 4200 m , the larger Laguna del Sol ( Sun Lake ) and the smaller , but deeper , Laguna de la Luna ( Moon Lake ) . A road runs into the caldera to the lakes , making Nevado_de_Toluca perhaps the most accessible major Mexican peak . From the southeast ,
eos 
eos Nevado_del_Huila , at 5,365 metres ( 17,602 ft ) , is the highest volcano in Colombia , located in Huila Department . Over the years , the amount of snow on
eos Nevado_del_Huila , at 5,365 metres ( 17,602 ft ) , is the highest volcano in Colombia , located in Huila Department . Over the years , the amount of snow on Nevado_del_Huila has been decreasing due to global warming . After being dormant for more than 500 years ,
eos After being dormant for more than 500 years , Nevado_del_Huila showed heavy signs of activity in 2007 . As of february 20 , 2007 there have been more than 7000 ` ` minor '' seismic events , and a high state of alert is currently in place for the departments of Cauca , Huila , Caldas and Valle del Cauca . An eruption could result in a tragedy for the small villages around
eos 
eos Nevado_del_Ruiz is an Andean stratovolcano in Caldas Department , Colombia .
eos Nevado_del_Ruiz is an Andean stratovolcano in Caldas Department , Colombia . Nevado_del_Ruiz is the northernmost volcano of the Andean Volcanic Belt and Nevado_del_Ruiz lies about 15 miles southeast of Manizales , with the town of Armero in the valley below .
eos Nevado_del_Ruiz is the northernmost volcano of the Andean Volcanic Belt and Nevado_del_Ruiz lies about 15 miles southeast of Manizales , with the town of Armero in the valley below . Nevado_del_Ruiz is the northernmost and highest Colombian volcano with historical activity .
eos Nevado_del_Ruiz is the northernmost and highest Colombian volcano with historical activity . Nevado_del_Ruiz 1985 eruption produced a lahar which completely buried the city and caused an estimated 23,000 deaths in what came to be known as the Armero tragedy .
eos Nevado_del_Ruiz 1985 eruption produced a lahar which completely buried the city and caused an estimated 23,000 deaths in what came to be known as the Armero tragedy . Nevado_del_Ruiz was produced by subduction of the oceanic Nazca Plate beneath the continental South American Plate . Stratovolcanoes in the Andes are for the most part Plinian , as is
eos Nevado_del_Ruiz was produced by subduction of the oceanic Nazca Plate beneath the continental South American Plate . Stratovolcanoes in the Andes are for the most part Plinian , as is Nevado_del_Ruiz , and produce pyroclastic flows .
eos Stratovolcanoes in the Andes are for the most part Plinian , as is Nevado_del_Ruiz , and produce pyroclastic flows . Nevado_del_Ruiz consists of andesite and dacite lava .
eos 
eos Nevado_del_Tolima is a volcano located in Tolima Department , Colombia , south of Nevado del Ruiz volcano .
eos Nevado_del_Tolima is a volcano located in Tolima Department , Colombia , south of Nevado del Ruiz volcano . Nevado_del_Tolima contrasts with the broad profile of Nevado del Ruiz volcano to the north .
eos The last major eruption took place about 3600 years ago . Lava dome growth has produced block - and - ash flows that traveled primarily to the NE and SE . Minor explosive eruptions have been recorded from
eos 
eos east of the Cascade Volcanic Belt , the Cascade Range and about 20 miles ( 30 km ) southeast of Bend , Oregon .
eos east of the Cascade Volcanic Belt , the Cascade Range and about 20 miles ( 30 km ) southeast of Bend , Oregon . Newberry_Volcano is not a typical shield volcano in that , in addition to erupting basaltic lavas ,
eos southeast of Bend , Oregon . Newberry_Volcano is not a typical shield volcano in that , in addition to erupting basaltic lavas , Newberry_Volcano also has erupted andesitic and even rhyolitic lava .
eos southeast of Bend , Oregon . Newberry_Volcano is not a typical shield volcano in that , in addition to erupting basaltic lavas , Newberry_Volcano also has erupted andesitic and even rhyolitic lava . Newberry_Volcano is 20 miles ( 30 km ) in diameter , Newberry_Volcano has an approximate volume of 80 mile ³ ( 330 km ³ ) , and
eos Within the caldera there are two lakes ( Paulina Lake and East Lake ) many pyroclastic cones , lava flows , and obsidian domes . A deep gash in the northern caldera wall , dubbed The Fissure , is the end of a 29 mile ( 47 km ) long series of fractures called the Northwest Rift Zone . Approximately 6,100 years ago , fissure basalt flows erupted from the rift and covered part of
eos 
eos Nez_Perce_mountain is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , immediately southeast of Grand Teton .
eos Nez_Perce_mountain is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , immediately southeast of Grand Teton . Nez_Perce_mountain is in the central portions of the range , immediately east of Cloudveil Dome and Nez_Perce_mountain is sometimes considered to be part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group .
eos Nez_Perce_mountain is in the central portions of the range , immediately east of Cloudveil Dome and Nez_Perce_mountain is sometimes considered to be part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group . Nez_Perce_mountain rises to the south of Garnet Canyon and Nez_Perce_mountain is a dramatic peak
eos Nez_Perce_mountain rises to the south of Garnet Canyon and Nez_Perce_mountain is a dramatic peak Nez_Perce_mountain dominates the skyline to the west of Bradley and Taggart Lakes . When viewed from Jackson Hole ,
eos 
eos Ngadi_Chuli ( also known as Peak 29 , Dakura , Dakum , or Dunapurna ) is a high peak in the Mansiri Himal ( or Manaslu Himal ) , also known as the Gurkha Massif , in Nepal .
eos Ngadi_Chuli ( also known as Peak 29 , Dakura , Dakum , or Dunapurna ) is a high peak in the Mansiri Himal ( or Manaslu Himal ) , also known as the Gurkha Massif , in Nepal . Ngadi_Chuli is flanked by Manaslu to the north and Himalchuli to the south . Despite
eos Ngadi_Chuli ( also known as Peak 29 , Dakura , Dakum , or Dunapurna ) is a high peak in the Mansiri Himal ( or Manaslu Himal ) , also known as the Gurkha Massif , in Nepal . Ngadi_Chuli is flanked by Manaslu to the north and Himalchuli to the south . Despite Ngadi_Chuli top 20 height ,
eos After reappearing , they suffered a fatal fall down an ice wall . A later Japanese expedition recovered their bodies , but all film had been exposed and no conclusive evidence could be found that they had reached the summit . In order to achieve a confirmed ascent of
eos A later Japanese expedition recovered their bodies , but all film had been exposed and no conclusive evidence could be found that they had reached the summit . In order to achieve a confirmed ascent of Ngadi_Chuli , the Japanese organized three more expeditions , but these all failed . The first confirmed ascent , and as of 2005 the last attempt on
eos 
eos Nordend ( meaning north end in German ) is the northernmost peak of the Monte Rosa massif .
eos 
eos North_Mountain_Catskills is a peak in the Catskill Mountains of New York , on the border between the towns of Catskill and Hunter , in Greene County .
eos North_Mountain_Catskills is a peak in the Catskill Mountains of New York , on the border between the towns of Catskill and Hunter , in Greene County . North_Mountain_Catskills is part of the Catskill Escarpment .
eos North_Mountain_Catskills is part of the Catskill Escarpment . North_Mountain_Catskills overlooks the North - South Lake State Campground , an area where resort hotels such as the Catskill Mountain House were once located , and thus North_Mountain_Catskills has long been a popular climb with hikers .
eos 
eos North_Palisade is the third highest mountain in the Sierra Nevada range of California .
eos North_Palisade is the third highest mountain in the Sierra Nevada range of California . North_Palisade is the highest peak of the Palisades group of peaks in the central part of the range .
eos North_Palisade is the third highest mountain in the Sierra Nevada range of California . North_Palisade is the highest peak of the Palisades group of peaks in the central part of the range . North_Palisade sports a small glacier ( the Palisade Glacier ) and several highly prized rock climbing routes on
eos 
eos North_Twin_Peak is one of the two peaks that comprise The Twins massif located at the northeast corner of the Columbia Icefield in Jasper National Park , Alberta , Canada . The other lower peak is named South Twin ( 3,566 m ) .
eos The massif was named The Twins in 1898 by J Norman Collie and Hugh M Stutfield . The decision to name the peaks separately was approved february 28 1980 . In addition to
eos The massif was named The Twins in 1898 by J Norman Collie and Hugh M Stutfield . The decision to name the peaks separately was approved february 28 1980 . In addition to North_Twin_Peak and South Twin , the massif contains a northern subpeak of
eos 
eos Nuptse is a mountain in the Khumbu region of the Mahalangur Himal , in the Nepalese Himalaya .
eos Nuptse is a mountain in the Khumbu region of the Mahalangur Himal , in the Nepalese Himalaya . Nuptse lies two kilometres WSW of Mount Everest . Nuptse is Tibetan for ` ` west peak '' , as
eos Nuptse lies two kilometres WSW of Mount Everest . Nuptse is Tibetan for ` ` west peak '' , as Nuptse is the western segment of the Lhotse - Nuptse massif . The long east - west trending main ridge of
eos Nuptse is Tibetan for ` ` west peak '' , as Nuptse is the western segment of the Lhotse - Nuptse massif . The long east - west trending main ridge of Nuptse is crowned by seven peaks : The main peak , Nuptse I , was first climbed on May 16 , 1961 by Dennis Davis and Sherpa Tashi , members of a British expedition . After a long hiatus ,
eos Nuptse is Tibetan for ` ` west peak '' , as Nuptse is the western segment of the Lhotse - Nuptse massif . The long east - west trending main ridge of Nuptse is crowned by seven peaks : The main peak , Nuptse I , was first climbed on May 16 , 1961 by Dennis Davis and Sherpa Tashi , members of a British expedition . After a long hiatus , Nuptse again became the objective of high - standard mountaineers in the 1990s and 2000s , with important routes being put up on
eos The long east - west trending main ridge of Nuptse is crowned by seven peaks : The main peak , Nuptse I , was first climbed on May 16 , 1961 by Dennis Davis and Sherpa Tashi , members of a British expedition . After a long hiatus , Nuptse again became the objective of high - standard mountaineers in the 1990s and 2000s , with important routes being put up on Nuptse west , south , and north faces . While Nuptse is a dramatic peak when viewed from the south or west , and Nuptse towers above the base camp for the standard south col route on Everest , Nuptse is not a particularly independent peak :
eos The long east - west trending main ridge of Nuptse is crowned by seven peaks : The main peak , Nuptse I , was first climbed on May 16 , 1961 by Dennis Davis and Sherpa Tashi , members of a British expedition . After a long hiatus , Nuptse again became the objective of high - standard mountaineers in the 1990s and 2000s , with important routes being put up on Nuptse west , south , and north faces . While
eos The long east - west trending main ridge of Nuptse is crowned by seven peaks : The main peak , Nuptse I , was first climbed on May 16 , 1961 by Dennis Davis and Sherpa Tashi , members of a British expedition . After a long hiatus , Nuptse again became the objective of high - standard mountaineers in the 1990s and 2000s , with important routes being put up on Nuptse west , south , and north faces . While Nuptse is a dramatic peak when viewed from the south or west , and
eos The long east - west trending main ridge of Nuptse is crowned by seven peaks : The main peak , Nuptse I , was first climbed on May 16 , 1961 by Dennis Davis and Sherpa Tashi , members of a British expedition . After a long hiatus , Nuptse again became the objective of high - standard mountaineers in the 1990s and 2000s , with important routes being put up on Nuptse west , south , and north faces . While Nuptse is a dramatic peak when viewed from the south or west , and Nuptse towers above the base camp for the standard south col route on Everest ,
eos After a long hiatus , Nuptse again became the objective of high - standard mountaineers in the 1990s and 2000s , with important routes being put up on Nuptse west , south , and north faces . While Nuptse is a dramatic peak when viewed from the south or west , and Nuptse towers above the base camp for the standard south col route on Everest , Nuptse is not a particularly independent peak : Nuptse topographic prominence is only 319 m ( 1,047 ft ) . Hence
eos 
eos Ojos_del_Salado is a massive stratovolcano in the Andes on the Argentina - Chile border and the highest volcano in the world at 6,891 metres ( 22,608 ft ) .
eos Ojos_del_Salado is a massive stratovolcano in the Andes on the Argentina - Chile border and the highest volcano in the world at 6,891 metres ( 22,608 ft ) . Ojos_del_Salado is also the second highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere and the highest in Chile .
eos Ojos_del_Salado is also the second highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere and the highest in Chile . Ojos_del_Salado is located about north of Aconcagua , the highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere at 6962 m. Due to
eos Ojos_del_Salado is also the second highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere and the highest in Chile . Ojos_del_Salado is located about north of Aconcagua , the highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere at 6962 m. Due to Ojos_del_Salado location near the Atacama desert ,
eos Ojos_del_Salado is located about north of Aconcagua , the highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere at 6962 m. Due to Ojos_del_Salado location near the Atacama desert , Ojos_del_Salado has very dry conditions with snow only remaining on the peak during winter . Despite the generally dry conditions , there is a permanent crater lake about 100 metres ( 300 ft ) in diameter at an elevation of 6390 m on the eastern side of
eos Despite the generally dry conditions , there is a permanent crater lake about 100 metres ( 300 ft ) in diameter at an elevation of 6390 m on the eastern side of Ojos_del_Salado . This is most likely the highest lake of any kind in the world . The ascent of
eos 
eos Olan_mountain ( l'Olan in French ) ( 3,564 m ) is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins in the French Alps .
eos 
eos ( Italian : Cima Ortles ; German : Ortler ) is , at 3905 m above sea level , the highest mountain in the Eastern Alps outside the Bernina Range .
eos ; German : Ortler ) is , at 3905 m above sea level , the highest mountain in the Eastern Alps outside the Bernina Range . Ortler is the main peak of the Ortler Range .
eos Ortler is the main peak of the Ortler Range . Ortler is the highest point of the Southern Limestone Alps , of the Italian region of Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , of Tyrol overall , and , until 1919 , of the Austrian - Hungarian empire . In German
eos Ortler is the highest point of the Southern Limestone Alps , of the Italian region of Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , of Tyrol overall , and , until 1919 , of the Austrian - Hungarian empire . In German Ortler is commonly referred to as ` ` König Ortler '' ( King Ortler ) .
eos The South ridge leads to the Hochjoch ( 3527 m ) on the main ridge of the Ortler Alps that forms the border of Sondrio and South Tyrol . Going west on this main ridge are the Thurwieser Spitze ( 3652 ) and Trafoier Wall ( 3565 m ) , while to the Southeast are the Monte Zebrù ( 3740 m ) and the majestic Königspitze / Gran Zebrù ( 3859 m ) . From nearby mountains in the northeast the impressive lineup of Königspitze , Zebru and
eos 
eos Paricutin ( or Volcán de Parícutin , commonly also accented Paricutín or spelled unaccented as Paricutin ) is a volcano in the Mexican state of Michoacán , close to a lava - covered village of the same name .
eos Paricutin ( or Volcán de Parícutin , commonly also accented Paricutín or spelled unaccented as Paricutin ) is a volcano in the Mexican state of Michoacán , close to a lava - covered village of the same name . Paricutin appears on many versions of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World .
eos Paricutin began as a fissure in a cornfield owned by Tarascan farmer Dionisio Pulido on february 20 , 1943 . Pulido , his wife , and son , all witnessed the initial eruption of ash and stones first - hand as they plowed the field . Much of
eos Paricutin began as a fissure in a cornfield owned by Tarascan farmer Dionisio Pulido on february 20 , 1943 . Pulido , his wife , and son , all witnessed the initial eruption of ash and stones first - hand as they plowed the field . Much of Paricutin growth occurred during
eos Paricutin began as a fissure in a cornfield owned by Tarascan farmer Dionisio Pulido on february 20 , 1943 . Pulido , his wife , and son , all witnessed the initial eruption of ash and stones first - hand as they plowed the field . Much of Paricutin growth occurred during Paricutin first year , while
eos Pulido , his wife , and son , all witnessed the initial eruption of ash and stones first - hand as they plowed the field . Much of Paricutin growth occurred during Paricutin first year , while Paricutin was still in the explosive pyroclastic phase . Nearby villages Paricutín ( after which
eos Nearby villages Paricutín ( after which Paricutin was named ) and San Juan Parangaricutiro were both buried in lava and ash ; the residents relocated to vacant land nearby . At the end of this phase after roughly one year
eos the residents relocated to vacant land nearby . At the end of this phase after roughly one year Paricutin had grown 336 metres tall . For the next eight years
eos At the end of this phase after roughly one year Paricutin had grown 336 metres tall . For the next eight years Paricutin would continue erupting , although this was dominated by relatively quiet eruptions of lava that would scorch the surrounding 25 km ² of land .
eos For the next eight years Paricutin would continue erupting , although this was dominated by relatively quiet eruptions of lava that would scorch the surrounding 25 km ² of land . Paricutin activity would slowly decline during this period until the last six months of the eruption , during which violent and explosive activity was frequent . In 1952 the eruption ended and
eos For the next eight years Paricutin would continue erupting , although this was dominated by relatively quiet eruptions of lava that would scorch the surrounding 25 km ² of land . Paricutin activity would slowly decline during this period until the last six months of the eruption , during which violent and explosive activity was frequent . In 1952 the eruption ended and Paricutin went quiet , attaining a final height of 424 metres above the cornfield from which
eos Paricutin activity would slowly decline during this period until the last six months of the eruption , during which violent and explosive activity was frequent . In 1952 the eruption ended and Paricutin went quiet , attaining a final height of 424 metres above the cornfield from which Paricutin was born .
eos In 1952 the eruption ended and Paricutin went quiet , attaining a final height of 424 metres above the cornfield from which Paricutin was born . Paricutin has been quiet since . Like most cinder cones ,
eos In 1952 the eruption ended and Paricutin went quiet , attaining a final height of 424 metres above the cornfield from which Paricutin was born . Paricutin has been quiet since . Like most cinder cones , Paricutin is a monogenetic volcano , which means that
eos Like most cinder cones , Paricutin is a monogenetic volcano , which means that Paricutin will never erupt again . Volcanism is a common part of the Mexican landscape .
eos Volcanism is a common part of the Mexican landscape . Paricutin is merely the youngest of more than 1,400 volcanic vents that exist in the Trans - Mexican Volcanic Belt and North America .
eos Volcanism is a common part of the Mexican landscape . Paricutin is merely the youngest of more than 1,400 volcanic vents that exist in the Trans - Mexican Volcanic Belt and North America . Paricutin is unique in the fact that
eos Volcanism is a common part of the Mexican landscape . Paricutin is merely the youngest of more than 1,400 volcanic vents that exist in the Trans - Mexican Volcanic Belt and North America . Paricutin is unique in the fact that Paricutin formation was witnessed from
eos Paricutin is unique in the fact that Paricutin formation was witnessed from Paricutin very conception . Three people died as a result of lightning strikes caused by the eruptions , but no deaths were attributed to the lava or asphyxiation . Shots of
eos Paricutin is unique in the fact that Paricutin formation was witnessed from Paricutin very conception . Three people died as a result of lightning strikes caused by the eruptions , but no deaths were attributed to the lava or asphyxiation . Shots of Paricutin during
eos 
eos Parinacota_Volcano is a massive stratovolcano on the border of Chile and Bolivia .
eos Parinacota_Volcano is part of the Nevados de Payachata group of volcanoes . The other major edifice in that group is the Pleistocene peak of Pomerape .
eos The other major edifice in that group is the Pleistocene peak of Pomerape . Parinacota_Volcano last eruptive phase has been dated using the helium surface exposure technique , which ties the eruption to 290AD ± 300 years . One of the most dramatic eruptive events in
eos One of the most dramatic eruptive events in Parinacota_Volcano past was 8000 years ago , when a major collapse of the edifice produced 6 km ³ debris avalanche . That avalanche blocked drainage patterns in some of the local area , creating Chungará Lake .
eos 
eos Peak_Korzhenevskaya is the third highest peak in the Pamir Mountains of Tajikistan .
eos Peak_Korzhenevskaya is the third highest peak in the Pamir Mountains of Tajikistan . Peak_Korzhenevskaya is one of the five ` ` Snow Leopard Peaks '' in the territory of the former Soviet Union .
eos Peak_Korzhenevskaya is one of the five ` ` Snow Leopard Peaks '' in the territory of the former Soviet Union . Peak_Korzhenevskaya is named after Evgenia Korzhenevskaya , the wife of Russian geographer Nikolai L Korzhenevski . Due to transliteration and declension issues
eos 
eos Pena_de_Bernal ( in English : Bernal 's Boulder or Bernal Peak ) is the second - largest monolith in the world , after Mt. Augustus , Western Australia .
eos Pena_de_Bernal ( in English : Bernal 's Boulder or Bernal Peak ) is the second - largest monolith in the world , after Mt. Augustus , Western Australia . Pena_de_Bernal is also the third - highest monolith in the world ( 350 meters ( 1148.294 ft ) , after the Rock of Gibraltar and Sugarloaf Mountain in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
eos Pena_de_Bernal is also the third - highest monolith in the world ( 350 meters ( 1148.294 ft ) , after the Rock of Gibraltar and Sugarloaf Mountain in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . Pena_de_Bernal is located in San Sebastián Bernal , a small town in the Mexican state of Querétaro . According to Leonor Lopez Dominguez of Mexico Desconocido ,
eos Pena_de_Bernal is also the third - highest monolith in the world ( 350 meters ( 1148.294 ft ) , after the Rock of Gibraltar and Sugarloaf Mountain in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . Pena_de_Bernal is located in San Sebastián Bernal , a small town in the Mexican state of Querétaro . According to Leonor Lopez Dominguez of Mexico Desconocido , Pena_de_Bernal was formed some 100 million years ago during the Jurassic period , when
eos According to Leonor Lopez Dominguez of Mexico Desconocido , Pena_de_Bernal was formed some 100 million years ago during the Jurassic period , when Pena_de_Bernal must have been at least three times higher than today . Many people make a pilgrimage to the highest point hikeable , visiting a little chapel about halfway up . On the Spring equinox , people gather all dressed in white to form a human belt around
eos 
eos Penalara is the highest mountain peak in the mountain range of Guadarrama , a subsection of Spain 's larger Sistema Central mountain chain which lies at the center and divides the Iberian Peninsula . Straddling the provinces of Madrid and Segovia ,
eos Penalara is the highest mountain peak in the mountain range of Guadarrama , a subsection of Spain 's larger Sistema Central mountain chain which lies at the center and divides the Iberian Peninsula . Straddling the provinces of Madrid and Segovia , Penalara reaches a height of 2,428 metres above sea level . Consequently ,
eos Straddling the provinces of Madrid and Segovia , Penalara reaches a height of 2,428 metres above sea level . Consequently , Penalara is one of the most emblematic and important peaks of the Guadarramas . The eastern section of
eos Straddling the provinces of Madrid and Segovia , Penalara reaches a height of 2,428 metres above sea level . Consequently , Penalara is one of the most emblematic and important peaks of the Guadarramas . The eastern section of Penalara lies in the municipality of Rascafría in the province of Madrid , belonging to the Vale of Lozoya , and
eos Consequently , Penalara is one of the most emblematic and important peaks of the Guadarramas . The eastern section of Penalara lies in the municipality of Rascafría in the province of Madrid , belonging to the Vale of Lozoya , and Penalara western section is located in the Vale of Valsaín in the province of Segovia .
eos The eastern section of Penalara lies in the municipality of Rascafría in the province of Madrid , belonging to the Vale of Lozoya , and Penalara western section is located in the Vale of Valsaín in the province of Segovia . Penalara summit is a designated nature reserve known as the Parque Natural de Peñalara , which features several small lakes , a small glacier and some steep escarpments . The outline of
eos Penalara summit is a designated nature reserve known as the Parque Natural de Peñalara , which features several small lakes , a small glacier and some steep escarpments . The outline of Penalara is rounded , displaying few underhangs . The hillsides of
eos From 1,100 metres to 2,000 metres , the slopes are dominated by wild pine forests . From 2,000 metres up to the summit , the vegetation consists of more sparsely distributed , low - lying bushes particular to high elevations . The animal habitation of
eos 
eos Phuparash_Peak is a mountain in Hispar Valley in the Gilgit District of Northern Areas of Pakistan .
eos 
eos 
eos Pichincha_Volcano is an active volcano in the country of Ecuador , whose capital Quito wraps around
eos Pichincha_Volcano is an active volcano in the country of Ecuador , whose capital Quito wraps around Pichincha_Volcano eastern slopes .
eos Pichincha_Volcano is an active volcano in the country of Ecuador , whose capital Quito wraps around Pichincha_Volcano eastern slopes . Pichincha_Volcano two highest peaks are the Guagua ( 15,696 feet/4 , 784 m ) , which means ` ` child '' in Quechua and the Rucu ( 15 , 413 feet/4 , 698 m ) , which means ` ` old person '' . The active caldera is in the Guagua , on the western side of
eos Both peaks are visible from the city of Quito and are easily climbed . Guagua is usually accessed from the village Lloa outside of Quito . In october of 1999 ,
eos In october of 1999 , Pichincha_Volcano erupted and Pichincha_Volcano covered the city with several inches of ash . Prior to that , the last major eruption was in 1660 , when about a foot of ash fell on the city . The province in which
eos In october of 1999 , Pichincha_Volcano erupted and Pichincha_Volcano covered the city with several inches of ash . Prior to that , the last major eruption was in 1660 , when about a foot of ash fell on the city . The province in which Pichincha_Volcano is located takes its name from
eos Prior to that , the last major eruption was in 1660 , when about a foot of ash fell on the city . The province in which Pichincha_Volcano is located takes its name from Pichincha_Volcano , as is the case for many of the other provinces in Ecuador ( Cotopaxi , Chimborazo , Imbabura , etc ) . On May 24 , 1822 , in the context of the war of independence of Latin American , Patriot forces defeated a Spanish colonial army on the slopes of
eos 
eos Pico_Almanzor is the highest mountain in central Spain . Situated in the Sierra de Gredos in the province of Ávila ,
eos Pico_Almanzor is the highest mountain in central Spain . Situated in the Sierra de Gredos in the province of Ávila , Pico_Almanzor is 2592 m high .
eos Situated in the Sierra de Gredos in the province of Ávila , Pico_Almanzor is 2592 m high . Pico_Almanzor is made of granite .
eos 
eos Pico_Basili ( formerly Pico de Santa Isabel ) is the highest mountain on the island of Bioko , which is part of Equatorial Guinea . With an altitude of 9,878 ft ( 3,011 m ) ,
eos With an altitude of 9,878 ft ( 3,011 m ) , Pico_Basili is the summit of the largest and highest of three overlapping basaltic shield volcanoes which form the island . From the summit , Mt. Cameroon can be seen to the northwest .
eos 
eos Pico_Bolivar is the highest mountain in Venezuela , at 4,981 meters . Located in Mérida State ,
eos Pico_Bolivar is the highest mountain in Venezuela , at 4,981 meters . Located in Mérida State , Pico_Bolivar top is permanently covered with Névé snow and three small glaciers .
eos Located in Mérida State , Pico_Bolivar top is permanently covered with Névé snow and three small glaciers . Pico_Bolivar can be reached by means of the Mérida Cable Car , the highest cable car in the world , which departs from the homonymous city .
eos Pico_Bolivar can be reached by means of the Mérida Cable Car , the highest cable car in the world , which departs from the homonymous city . Pico_Bolivar is named after the Venezuelan independence hero Simon Bolívar .
eos Pico_Bolivar is located on the mountain previously called La Columna , next to El León ( 4,743 m ) and El Toro ( 4,695 m ) . The new name was suggested by Miguel Febres Cordero in 1925 .
eos 
eos Pico_Cristobal_Colon is the highest mountain in Colombia and the fifth most prominent ( see list of peaks by prominence ) . The nearest peak that is higher is Cayambe , some 1288 km away . There is a permanent snowcap on
eos The nearest peak that is higher is Cayambe , some 1288 km away . There is a permanent snowcap on Pico_Cristobal_Colon and on the nearby mountains .
eos There is a permanent snowcap on Pico_Cristobal_Colon and on the nearby mountains . Pico_Cristobal_Colon is part of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta range , along with Pico Simón Bolívar . It is possible that nearby Pico Simón Bolívar is higher than
eos 
eos Pico_Humboldt is Venezuela 's second highest peak , at 4,940 meters above the sea level .
eos Pico_Humboldt is Venezuela 's second highest peak , at 4,940 meters above the sea level . Pico_Humboldt is located in the Sierra Nevada Range , Venezuelan Andes ( Mérida State ) .
eos Pico_Humboldt is Venezuela 's second highest peak , at 4,940 meters above the sea level . Pico_Humboldt is located in the Sierra Nevada Range , Venezuelan Andes ( Mérida State ) . Pico_Humboldt and
eos Pico_Humboldt is located in the Sierra Nevada Range , Venezuelan Andes ( Mérida State ) . Pico_Humboldt and Pico_Humboldt surrounding páramos are protected by the Sierra Nevada National Park .
eos Pico_Humboldt and Pico_Humboldt surrounding páramos are protected by the Sierra Nevada National Park . Pico_Humboldt summit is surrounded by the two largest glaciers out of the five remaining in the country ( the other three are in Pico Bolívar ) . The glaciers on
eos 
eos Pico_Pan_de_Azucar , at 4680 Meters above sea level , is the ninth highest mountain of Venezuela , and the third highest of the Sierra de la Culata range in the Mérida State ,
eos Pico_Pan_de_Azucar , at 4680 Meters above sea level , is the ninth highest mountain of Venezuela , and the third highest of the Sierra de la Culata range in the Mérida State , Pico_Pan_de_Azucar name which translates as ` ` Bread of Sugar '' is due to the sandy slopes of
eos Pico_Pan_de_Azucar , at 4680 Meters above sea level , is the ninth highest mountain of Venezuela , and the third highest of the Sierra de la Culata range in the Mérida State , Pico_Pan_de_Azucar name which translates as ` ` Bread of Sugar '' is due to the sandy slopes of Pico_Pan_de_Azucar , which resembles ` ` Pan dulce '' , a kind of bread sprinkled with sugar eaten in the country . From
eos 
eos Pico_Turquino is the highest point in Cuba .
eos The name is believe to be a corruption of turqoise ( "" Spanish : turquí "" ) peak , named so for the blue hues taken by the heights in certain views .
eos ( "" Spanish : turquí "" ) peak , named so for the blue hues taken by the heights in certain views . Pico_Turquino was first mentioned ( under the name ` ` Tarquino '' ) on a map drawn by Gerardo Kramer in the late 1700s . A bust of José Martí , sculpted by Jilma Madera , was placed on
eos Pico_Turquino was first mentioned ( under the name ` ` Tarquino '' ) on a map drawn by Gerardo Kramer in the late 1700s . A bust of José Martí , sculpted by Jilma Madera , was placed on Pico_Turquino to celebrate his centenary . Turquino National Park is established on a area around
eos 
eos Pico_da_Neblina is the highest mountain in Brazil , 2,994 metres ( 9,822 feet ) above sea level , at the Imeri mountain range ( Serra do Imeri ) , which borders on Venezuela . As determined by a border survey expedition in 1962 ,
eos As determined by a border survey expedition in 1962 , Pico_da_Neblina summit lies barely within Brazilian territory , being a mere 687 metres ( 2,254 feet ) from the Venezuelan border at Pico 31 de Março . The latter is only 21 metres lower , Brazil 's second highest mountain and the highest mountain in Venezuela outside of the Andes .
eos As determined by a border survey expedition in 1962 , Pico_da_Neblina summit lies barely within Brazilian territory , being a mere 687 metres ( 2,254 feet ) from the Venezuelan border at Pico 31 de Março . The latter is only 21 metres lower , Brazil 's second highest mountain and the highest mountain in Venezuela outside of the Andes . Pico_da_Neblina is often misquoted as being on the border between the two countries , and when one considers
eos The latter is only 21 metres lower , Brazil 's second highest mountain and the highest mountain in Venezuela outside of the Andes . Pico_da_Neblina is often misquoted as being on the border between the two countries , and when one considers Pico_da_Neblina massif as a whole ( not just the main summit ) , this is really true .
eos The latter is only 21 metres lower , Brazil 's second highest mountain and the highest mountain in Venezuela outside of the Andes . Pico_da_Neblina is often misquoted as being on the border between the two countries , and when one considers Pico_da_Neblina massif as a whole ( not just the main summit ) , this is really true . Pico_da_Neblina is also the highest point in the Guiana Shield , but unlike famous Monte Roraima ,
eos Pico_da_Neblina is also the highest point in the Guiana Shield , but unlike famous Monte Roraima , Pico_da_Neblina is not a tepui , as the typical and unique tabletop mountains of the Guiana Highlands are known . Tepuis are only found far to the northeast of the Imeri range . Furthermore ,
eos Tepuis are only found far to the northeast of the Imeri range . Furthermore , Pico_da_Neblina is not table - shaped , but a rather sharp peak . The word neblina means ` ` fog '' in both Portuguese and Spanish ; so ,
eos Tepuis are only found far to the northeast of the Imeri range . Furthermore , Pico_da_Neblina is not table - shaped , but a rather sharp peak . The word neblina means ` ` fog '' in both Portuguese and Spanish ; so , Pico_da_Neblina name ( meaning ` ` Peak of the Mists '' ) reflects the fact that
eos Furthermore , Pico_da_Neblina is not table - shaped , but a rather sharp peak . The word neblina means ` ` fog '' in both Portuguese and Spanish ; so , Pico_da_Neblina name ( meaning ` ` Peak of the Mists '' ) reflects the fact that Pico_da_Neblina is shrouded in dense clouds most of the time .
eos The word neblina means ` ` fog '' in both Portuguese and Spanish ; so , Pico_da_Neblina name ( meaning ` ` Peak of the Mists '' ) reflects the fact that Pico_da_Neblina is shrouded in dense clouds most of the time . Pico_da_Neblina was first ascended in 1965 by members of a Brazilian army expedition .
eos The word neblina means ` ` fog '' in both Portuguese and Spanish ; so , Pico_da_Neblina name ( meaning ` ` Peak of the Mists '' ) reflects the fact that Pico_da_Neblina is shrouded in dense clouds most of the time . Pico_da_Neblina was first ascended in 1965 by members of a Brazilian army expedition . Pico_da_Neblina is contained in the Brazilian Pico da Neblina National Park ;
eos 
eos Pico_de_Orizaba , or Citlaltépetl ( from Nahuatl citlal ( in ) = star , and tepētl = mountain ) , is the highest mountain in Mexico and the third highest in North America .
eos Pico_de_Orizaba , or Citlaltépetl ( from Nahuatl citlal ( in ) = star , and tepētl = mountain ) , is the highest mountain in Mexico and the third highest in North America . Pico_de_Orizaba rises 5,636 meters ( 18,490 feet ) above sea level in the eastern end of the Eje Volcánico Transversal mountain range , on the border between the states of Veracruz and Puebla .
eos 
eos Pico_del_Aguila is a peak of the mountain range called Ajusco , located at the southern outskirts of Mexico City , specifically at the coordinates N19 12 46.8 W99 15 25.2 - 12776 ft ( 3894 m ) .
eos 
eos Pidurutalagala ( , literally ` ` straw plateau rock '' , also known as Mount Pedro ) is a mountain in the central hill - country of Sri Lanka , close to the city of Nuwara Eliya . At a height of 2.534 metres ( 8,281 feet ) ,
eos Pidurutalagala ( , literally ` ` straw plateau rock '' , also known as Mount Pedro ) is a mountain in the central hill - country of Sri Lanka , close to the city of Nuwara Eliya . At a height of 2.534 metres ( 8,281 feet ) , Pidurutalagala is the highest mountain in Sri Lanka .
eos 
eos Pigeon_Peak is a high peak of the Needle Mountains , a subrange of the San Juan Mountains in the southwestern part of the US State of Colorado .
eos Pigeon_Peak is a high peak of the Needle Mountains , a subrange of the San Juan Mountains in the southwestern part of the US State of Colorado . Pigeon_Peak rises dramatically on the east side of the Animas River , 1.5 mi ( 2.4 km ) west of the fourteener Mount Eolus .
eos Pigeon_Peak rises dramatically on the east side of the Animas River , 1.5 mi ( 2.4 km ) west of the fourteener Mount Eolus . Pigeon_Peak is located in the Weminuche Wilderness , part of the San Juan National Forest .
eos Pigeon_Peak rises dramatically on the east side of the Animas River , 1.5 mi ( 2.4 km ) west of the fourteener Mount Eolus . Pigeon_Peak is located in the Weminuche Wilderness , part of the San Juan National Forest . Pigeon_Peak is notable both for
eos Pigeon_Peak rises dramatically on the east side of the Animas River , 1.5 mi ( 2.4 km ) west of the fourteener Mount Eolus . Pigeon_Peak is located in the Weminuche Wilderness , part of the San Juan National Forest . Pigeon_Peak is notable both for Pigeon_Peak absolute height and for
eos Pigeon_Peak is located in the Weminuche Wilderness , part of the San Juan National Forest . Pigeon_Peak is notable both for Pigeon_Peak absolute height and for Pigeon_Peak local relief in particular .
eos Pigeon_Peak is notable both for Pigeon_Peak absolute height and for Pigeon_Peak local relief in particular . Pigeon_Peak is the 57th highest independent peak in Colorado , narrowly missing the well - known list of fourteeners . In terms of local relief ,
eos Pigeon_Peak is the 57th highest independent peak in Colorado , narrowly missing the well - known list of fourteeners . In terms of local relief , Pigeon_Peak is one of the most impressive peaks in Colorado . Pigeon_Peak most dramatic rise is over the Animas River to the west , over which
eos Pigeon_Peak is the 57th highest independent peak in Colorado , narrowly missing the well - known list of fourteeners . In terms of local relief , Pigeon_Peak is one of the most impressive peaks in Colorado .
eos In terms of local relief , Pigeon_Peak is one of the most impressive peaks in Colorado . Pigeon_Peak most dramatic rise is over the Animas River to the west , over which Pigeon_Peak rises 5,750 ft ( 1,750 m ) in under 2.5 mi ( 4 km ) . Also ,
eos 
eos 
eos Pik_Talgar is a northern peak in the Tian Shan mountain range in Kazakhstan , highest of the Trans - Ili Alatau . Due to
eos Pik_Talgar is a northern peak in the Tian Shan mountain range in Kazakhstan , highest of the Trans - Ili Alatau . Due to Pik_Talgar close proximity to the Kazakh capital of Alma - Ata ,
eos 
eos Pikes_Peak ( originally Pike 's Peak , see below ) is a mountain in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains , west of Colorado Springs , Colorado , in El Paso County .
eos Pikes_Peak ( originally Pike 's Peak , see below ) is a mountain in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains , west of Colorado Springs , Colorado , in El Paso County . Pikes_Peak is named for Zebulon Pike , an explorer who led an expedition to the southern Colorado area in 1806 . At 14115 ft ,
eos Pikes_Peak is named for Zebulon Pike , an explorer who led an expedition to the southern Colorado area in 1806 . At 14115 ft , Pikes_Peak is one of Colorado 's 54 fourteeners . Drivers race up
eos At 14115 ft , Pikes_Peak is one of Colorado 's 54 fourteeners . Drivers race up Pikes_Peak in a famous annual race called the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb . An upper portion of
eos 
eos Pilatus_mountain is a mountain near Lucerne , Switzerland . Jurisdiction over
eos Pilatus_mountain is a mountain near Lucerne , Switzerland . Jurisdiction over Pilatus_mountain is divided between the cantons of Obwalden , Nidwalden , and Lucerne .
eos Pilatus_mountain is in Obwalden right on the border with Nidwalden . The top can be reached with the Pilatus Railway , the world 's steepest cogwheel railway from Alpnachstad , operating from May to november ( depending on snow conditions ) , and the whole year with the aerial panorama gondolas and aerial cableways from Kriens .
eos Pilatus_mountain has the longest summer toboggan track in Switzerland ( 0.88 miles or 1.350 km ) and the biggest suspension rope park in Central Switzerland . During the summer , the ` ` Golden Round Trip '' - a popular route for tourists - involves taking a boat from Lucerne across Lake Lucerne to Alpnachstad , going up on the cogwheel railway , coming down on the aerial cableways and panorama gondolas , and taking a bus back to Lucerne .
eos During the summer , the ` ` Golden Round Trip '' - a popular route for tourists - involves taking a boat from Lucerne across Lake Lucerne to Alpnachstad , going up on the cogwheel railway , coming down on the aerial cableways and panorama gondolas , and taking a bus back to Lucerne . Pilatus_mountain was named after a local legend which alleges that Pontius Pilate was buried there . Numbered amongst those who have reached
eos 
eos Pilot_Mountain_Alberta is a mountain in the Bow River valley of Banff National Park in Alberta , Canada .
eos Pilot_Mountain_Alberta is a mountain in the Bow River valley of Banff National Park in Alberta , Canada . Pilot_Mountain_Alberta is located southeast of Redearth Creek and directly west of the Trans - Canada Highway .
eos Pilot_Mountain_Alberta is a mountain in the Bow River valley of Banff National Park in Alberta , Canada . Pilot_Mountain_Alberta is located southeast of Redearth Creek and directly west of the Trans - Canada Highway . Pilot_Mountain_Alberta was named in 1884 by George M Dawson , for
eos Pilot_Mountain_Alberta is a mountain in the Bow River valley of Banff National Park in Alberta , Canada . Pilot_Mountain_Alberta is located southeast of Redearth Creek and directly west of the Trans - Canada Highway . Pilot_Mountain_Alberta was named in 1884 by George M Dawson , for Pilot_Mountain_Alberta location is where the Bow Valley changes direction , thus affording distant views of
eos Pilot_Mountain_Alberta is located southeast of Redearth Creek and directly west of the Trans - Canada Highway . Pilot_Mountain_Alberta was named in 1884 by George M Dawson , for Pilot_Mountain_Alberta location is where the Bow Valley changes direction , thus affording distant views of Pilot_Mountain_Alberta all along the valley .
eos Pilot_Mountain_Alberta was named in 1884 by George M Dawson , for Pilot_Mountain_Alberta location is where the Bow Valley changes direction , thus affording distant views of Pilot_Mountain_Alberta all along the valley . Pilot_Mountain_Alberta can be scrambled on the northwest face by someone with good routefinding skills . Nearby Mount Brett ( 2984 m ) can be ascended from a ridge off the western slopes of
eos 
eos Piton_des_Neiges ( Snow Peak ) is a massive 3,069 m ( 10,069 ft ) shield volcano on Réunion , one of the volcanic islands in the Mascarene Archipelago in the southwestern Indian Ocean .
eos Piton_des_Neiges ( Snow Peak ) is a massive 3,069 m ( 10,069 ft ) shield volcano on Réunion , one of the volcanic islands in the Mascarene Archipelago in the southwestern Indian Ocean . Piton_des_Neiges was formed by the Réunion hotspot and Piton_des_Neiges emerged from the sea about two million years ago . Now deeply eroded ,
eos Piton_des_Neiges was formed by the Réunion hotspot and Piton_des_Neiges emerged from the sea about two million years ago . Now deeply eroded , Piton_des_Neiges has been inactive for 20,000 years and Piton_des_Neiges is surrounded by three massive crater valleys , the Cirques .
eos Piton_des_Neiges forms the northwestern two thirds of Réunion , with the very active Piton de la Fournaise comprising the rest . The volcanic island is considered to be about three million years old ( Pliocene ) ; the other two islands in the archipelago , Mauritius and Rodrigues , are 7.8 million ( Miocene ) and 1 1/2 million ( Pleistocene ) years old , respectively . The island possesses a high endemism of flowering plants ( about 225 ) ; this has justified the creation of a biological reserve on the lower slopes of
eos 
eos Piz_Badile ( 3,308 m ) is a mountain in the Bregaglia range in Switzerland and Italy , the border between the two countries running along the summit ridge .
eos Piz_Badile ( 3,308 m ) is a mountain in the Bregaglia range in Switzerland and Italy , the border between the two countries running along the summit ridge . Piz_Badile north - east face is considered one of the six great north faces of the Alps . The first ascent of
eos Piz_Badile north - east face is considered one of the six great north faces of the Alps . The first ascent of Piz_Badile was by W A. B Coolidge with guides F and H Dévouassoud on 27 july 1867 by the south ridge .
eos Piz_Badile had first come to the notice of British alpinists from D W. Freshfield 's writings of the 1860s . He gave the name ` the Grey Twins ' to Piz Badile and Piz Cengalo , and made the first ascent of Piz Cengalo in 1866 . The two classic routes on
eos The two classic routes on Piz_Badile are the north ridge and the Cassin Route on the north - east face . The north ridge - the Badilekante - was first prospected solo by the Swiss guide Christian Klucker in 1892 ( Klucker later made the first ascent of
eos 
eos Piz_Buin is one of the highest in the Silvretta mountain range , the highest being the giant pyramid of Piz Linard ( 3,410 m , 11,188 ft ) .
eos Piz_Buin is one of the highest in the Silvretta mountain range , the highest being the giant pyramid of Piz Linard ( 3,410 m , 11,188 ft ) . Piz_Buin forms the border between Graubünden and Vorarlberg .
eos Piz_Buin forms the border between Graubünden and Vorarlberg . Piz_Buin is the highest mountain peak in Vorarlberg .
eos Piz_Buin original name in the Romansh language of the Swiss canton Graubünden is Piz Buin Grand . A very similar summit nearby is called Piz Buin Pitschen ; it has the same shape but is slightly lower ( 3,255 m or 10,680 ft ) .
eos 
eos Piz_Linard is a pyramid - shaped mountain of the Swiss Alps . At 3,410 m
eos Piz_Linard is a pyramid - shaped mountain of the Swiss Alps . At 3,410 m Piz_Linard is the highest peak of the Silvretta mountain range .
eos 
eos Piz_Morteratsch ( 3,751 m ) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland .
eos Piz_Morteratsch is bordered on the east by the Morteratsch Glacier and on the south - west by the Tschierva Glacier . One of the easiest mountains in the range to climb , the normal route follows that taken by the first ascentionists C Brügger and P Gensler with guides Karl Emmermann and Angelo Klaingutti on 11 september 1858 . Three of
eos * South - south - east ridge ( D / D + ) , first ascent P J. H Unna with guides , 1903 * East - north - east ridge ( AD ) , first ascent of complete ridge , Paul Schucan and A Pfister , 10 october , 1908 ( the upper section had been climbed by Max Schintz with guides Alois and Josef Pollinger in august 1892 ) * South - west ridge , ( AD ) , first ascent by T H. Philpott and Mrs Philpott with guides Peter Jenny and Alexander Fleury in september 1868
eos 
eos Piz_Palu ( 3,901 m ) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland and Italy . There are three summits on
eos Piz_Palu ( 3,901 m ) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland and Italy . There are three summits on Piz_Palu main ridge , which runs from east to west . The name Palü derives from the Latin palus , meaning a swamp , and
eos Piz_Palu ( 3,901 m ) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland and Italy . There are three summits on Piz_Palu main ridge , which runs from east to west . The name Palü derives from the Latin palus , meaning a swamp , and Piz_Palu is probably named after the Alpe Palü , a high alpine pasture some 4 km to
eos There are three summits on Piz_Palu main ridge , which runs from east to west . The name Palü derives from the Latin palus , meaning a swamp , and Piz_Palu is probably named after the Alpe Palü , a high alpine pasture some 4 km to Piz_Palu east . It is uncertain when
eos The name Palü derives from the Latin palus , meaning a swamp , and Piz_Palu is probably named after the Alpe Palü , a high alpine pasture some 4 km to Piz_Palu east . It is uncertain when Piz_Palu was first climbed , but the first ascent of the central and highest peak was probably by K E. Digby with guide Peter Jenny and a porter in 1866 .
eos The east peak ( 3,882 m ) was climbed by Oswald Heer , and P and M Flury , with guides Johann Madutz and Gian marchet Colani ( the ` King of the Bernina ' ) on 12 august 1835 . All three peaks were first traversed by Wachler , Wallner , George , Hans Gross and Christian Gross on 22 july 1868 .
eos 
eos Piz_Platta is the highest peak in the Oberhalbstein Range , located in Graubünden , Switzerland .
eos ( Source : Landeskarte der Schweiz no . 1256 - 1991 ) , and Piz_Platta is notable for
eos 
eos Piz_Roseg ( pronounced as peetse rawzech ) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland and Italy . There are two summits on
eos * the north - west summit , known as the Schneekuppe ( 3,920 m ) . There is also a prominent top on the east - north - east ridge , called the Roseg Pitschen ( 3,868 m ) . The first ascent of
eos There is also a prominent top on the east - north - east ridge , called the Roseg Pitschen ( 3,868 m ) . The first ascent of Piz_Roseg to the Schneekuppe was by F T. Bircham with guides Peter Jenny and Alexander Fleury on 31 august 1863 . The highest point of
eos The first ascent of Piz_Roseg to the Schneekuppe was by F T. Bircham with guides Peter Jenny and Alexander Fleury on 31 august 1863 . The highest point of Piz_Roseg was reached two years later by A W. Moore and Horace Walker with guide Jakob Anderegg on 28 june 1865 .
eos Grass and Capat had spent the previous day cutting steps up the first two - fifths of the route . The following day they added at least another 450 steps on the first ascent . The 700-metre north - east face of
eos 
eos Piz_Scerscen ( 3,971 m ) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland and Italy , joining the neighbouring Piz Bernina by its north - east ridge via a 3,895 m pass .
eos Piz_Scerscen ( 3,971 m ) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland and Italy , joining the neighbouring Piz Bernina by its north - east ridge via a 3,895 m pass . Piz_Scerscen name means ` the circular mountain ' ( ` Scerscen ' is pronounced cherchen ) .
eos Piz_Scerscen name means ` the circular mountain ' ( ` Scerscen ' is pronounced cherchen ) . Piz_Scerscen has a prominent secondary summit called the Schneehaube ( 3,875 m ) . The first ascent of
eos The first ascent of Piz_Scerscen was by Paul Güssfeldt , Hans Grass and Caspar Capat on 13 september 1877 via the north - west spur , descending the same way . This is the well - known Eisnase route , involving a 100-metre ice pitch of between 60 - 70 ° , although its precise length and steepness are debated . This was the route followed by Walter Risch on the first solo ascent of
eos 
eos Piz_Zupo ( 3,995 m ) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland and Italy , and Piz_Zupo is the second highest peak in the range after Piz Bernina . The first ascent of
eos 
eos Polar_Bear_Peak is a 6,614 ft . mountain in the US state of Alaska , located in Chugach State Park . Sitauted in the Chugach Mountains ,
eos Polar_Bear_Peak is a 6,614 ft . mountain in the US state of Alaska , located in Chugach State Park . Sitauted in the Chugach Mountains , Polar_Bear_Peak lies at the head of South Fork Eagle River , 5 mi ESE of Eagle Lake , and ESE of Anchorage .
eos Polar_Bear_Peak is a 6,614 ft . mountain in the US state of Alaska , located in Chugach State Park . Sitauted in the Chugach Mountains , Polar_Bear_Peak lies at the head of South Fork Eagle River , 5 mi ESE of Eagle Lake , and ESE of Anchorage . Polar_Bear_Peak was named in 1963 by members of the Mountaineering Club of Alaska because a snow patch on
eos 
eos Pollux_mountain ( 4,092 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps on the border between Valais , Switzerland and the Aosta Valley in Italy .
eos Pollux_mountain ( 4,092 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps on the border between Valais , Switzerland and the Aosta Valley in Italy . Pollux_mountain is the lower of a pair of twin peaks ( the other being Castor ) named after the Gemini twins of Roman mythology .
eos Pollux_mountain is the lower of a pair of twin peaks ( the other being Castor ) named after the Gemini twins of Roman mythology . Pollux_mountain is separated from Castor by a pass at 3,845 m ( 12,615 ft ) , named the Passo di Verra in Italian and the Zwillingsjoch in German .
eos The first ascent was by Jules Jacot from Geneva with guides Josef - Marie Perren and Peter Taugwalder ( father ) on august 1 ( the Swiss national day ) 1864 . Their route was via the Schwartztor , a pass first crossed by John Ball and Gabriel Zumtaugwald in 1845 . The impressive north ridge was first climbed by Captain John Percy Farrar ( a president of the Alpine Club ) and Wylie Lloyd with guide Josef Pollinger on 18 august 1893 Ascents are usually made from the Rifugio Ottorino Mezzalama ( 3,036 m ) , the Monte Rosa hut ( 2,795 m ) ; if traversing the peaks via
eos Their route was via the Schwartztor , a pass first crossed by John Ball and Gabriel Zumtaugwald in 1845 . The impressive north ridge was first climbed by Captain John Percy Farrar ( a president of the Alpine Club ) and Wylie Lloyd with guide Josef Pollinger on 18 august 1893 Ascents are usually made from the Rifugio Ottorino Mezzalama ( 3,036 m ) , the Monte Rosa hut ( 2,795 m ) ; if traversing the peaks via Pollux_mountain north ridge , PD + ) , the Capanna Quintino Sella ( 3,585 m ) , and the Cesare Volante e Giorgio Rossi bivouac hut ( 3,850 m ) . The first winter and ski ascent of
eos 
eos Popocatipetl ( commonly referred to as El Popo or Don Goyo ) ( "" IPA : popokaˈtepetɬ "" ) is an active volcano and the second highest peak in Mexico after the Pico de Orizaba ( 5,636 m ) .
eos ( "" IPA : popokaˈtepetɬ "" ) is an active volcano and the second highest peak in Mexico after the Pico de Orizaba ( 5,636 m ) . Popocatipetl comes from the Nahuatl words popōca ` it smokes ' and tepētl ` mountain ' , thus Smoking Mountain .
eos Popocatipetl comes from the Nahuatl words popōca ` it smokes ' and tepētl ` mountain ' , thus Smoking Mountain . Popocatipetl is linked to the Iztaccíhuatl volcano to the north by the high saddle known as the Paso de Cortés , and Popocatipetl lies in the eastern half of the Trans - Mexican volcanic belt .
eos Popocatipetl is linked to the Iztaccíhuatl volcano to the north by the high saddle known as the Paso de Cortés , and Popocatipetl lies in the eastern half of the Trans - Mexican volcanic belt . Popocatipetl is one of the most active volcanoes in Mexico , having had more than 20 major eruptions since the arrival of the Spanish in 1519 .
eos Popocatipetl is currently active . A major eruption occurred in 1947 to begin this cycle of activity . Then , on december 21 , 1994
eos The activity prompted the evacuation of nearby towns and scientists to begin monitoring for an eruption . In december 2000 , tens of thousands of people were evacuated by the government based on the warnings of scientists .
eos The activity prompted the evacuation of nearby towns and scientists to begin monitoring for an eruption . In december 2000 , tens of thousands of people were evacuated by the government based on the warnings of scientists . Popocatipetl then made
eos In december 2000 , tens of thousands of people were evacuated by the government based on the warnings of scientists . Popocatipetl then made Popocatipetl largest display in thousands of years .
eos In december 2000 , tens of thousands of people were evacuated by the government based on the warnings of scientists . Popocatipetl then made Popocatipetl largest display in thousands of years . Popocatipetl is only 70 km to the southeast of Mexico City , from where
eos Popocatipetl then made Popocatipetl largest display in thousands of years . Popocatipetl is only 70 km to the southeast of Mexico City , from where Popocatipetl can be seen regularly , depending on atmospheric conditions . The residents of Puebla , a mere 40 km east of
eos Popocatipetl then made Popocatipetl largest display in thousands of years . Popocatipetl is only 70 km to the southeast of Mexico City , from where Popocatipetl can be seen regularly , depending on atmospheric conditions . The residents of Puebla , a mere 40 km east of Popocatipetl , enjoy the views of
eos Popocatipetl is only 70 km to the southeast of Mexico City , from where Popocatipetl can be seen regularly , depending on atmospheric conditions . The residents of Puebla , a mere 40 km east of Popocatipetl , enjoy the views of Popocatipetl almost all year long .
eos The residents of Puebla , a mere 40 km east of Popocatipetl , enjoy the views of Popocatipetl almost all year long . Popocatipetl is also one of the three tall peaks in Mexico to contain glaciers , with the others being Iztaccíhuatl and Pico de Orizaba . The first Spanish ascent of
eos Popocatipetl is also one of the three tall peaks in Mexico to contain glaciers , with the others being Iztaccíhuatl and Pico de Orizaba . The first Spanish ascent of Popocatipetl was made by an expedition led by Diego de Ordaz in 1519 . The early 16th - Century monasteries on the slopes of
eos 
eos Pumari_Chhish , ( or Pumarikish , Peak 11 ) is a high peak of the Hispar Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range .
eos Pumari_Chhish , ( or Pumarikish , Peak 11 ) is a high peak of the Hispar Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range . Pumari_Chhish lies about 4 km east of Khunyang Chhish , in the heart of the Hispar , north of the Hispar Glacier .
eos Pumari_Chhish , ( or Pumarikish , Peak 11 ) is a high peak of the Hispar Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range . Pumari_Chhish lies about 4 km east of Khunyang Chhish , in the heart of the Hispar , north of the Hispar Glacier . Pumari_Chhish was first attempted by an Austrian group in 1974 , who failed to climb or bypass the Yazghil Glacier on the north side of
eos Pumari_Chhish lies about 4 km east of Khunyang Chhish , in the heart of the Hispar , north of the Hispar Glacier . Pumari_Chhish was first attempted by an Austrian group in 1974 , who failed to climb or bypass the Yazghil Glacier on the north side of Pumari_Chhish . In 1979 , a Japanese group from the Hokkaido Alpine Association succeeded in climbing
eos Pumari_Chhish lies about 4 km east of Khunyang Chhish , in the heart of the Hispar , north of the Hispar Glacier . Pumari_Chhish was first attempted by an Austrian group in 1974 , who failed to climb or bypass the Yazghil Glacier on the north side of Pumari_Chhish . In 1979 , a Japanese group from the Hokkaido Alpine Association succeeded in climbing Pumari_Chhish via a long route starting from the Khunyang Glacier , well to the west of
eos Pumari_Chhish was first attempted by an Austrian group in 1974 , who failed to climb or bypass the Yazghil Glacier on the north side of Pumari_Chhish . In 1979 , a Japanese group from the Hokkaido Alpine Association succeeded in climbing Pumari_Chhish via a long route starting from the Khunyang Glacier , well to the west of Pumari_Chhish . They first had to cross a significant col to access the upper Yazghil Glacier ; they then ascended the north ridge of
eos In 1979 , a Japanese group from the Hokkaido Alpine Association succeeded in climbing Pumari_Chhish via a long route starting from the Khunyang Glacier , well to the west of Pumari_Chhish . They first had to cross a significant col to access the upper Yazghil Glacier ; they then ascended the north ridge of Pumari_Chhish . According the Index , there have been no other successful ascents of
eos 
eos Pumori ( or Pumo Ri ) is a mountain in the Himalaya on the Nepal - Tibet border .
eos Pumori ( or Pumo Ri ) is a mountain in the Himalaya on the Nepal - Tibet border . Pumori lies just eight kilometres west of Mount Everest .
eos Pumori lies just eight kilometres west of Mount Everest . Pumori , which means ` ` Ummarried Daughter '' in the Sherpa dialect , was named by George Mallory . Climbers sometimes refer to
eos Pumori , which means ` ` Ummarried Daughter '' in the Sherpa dialect , was named by George Mallory . Climbers sometimes refer to Pumori as ` ` Everest 's Daughter '' .
eos Climbers sometimes refer to Pumori as ` ` Everest 's Daughter '' . Pumori is a popular climbing peak and the easiest route is graded class 3 , although with avalanche danger .
eos Pumori was first climbed in 1962 by Gerhard Lenser of a German - Swiss expedition . Two Czechs ( Leopold Sulovsky and Michalec Zeduak ) climbed a new route on the South face in the spring of 1996 ( Joe Simpson , 1997 , Dark Shadows falling ) . An outlier of
eos Pumori was first climbed in 1962 by Gerhard Lenser of a German - Swiss expedition . Two Czechs ( Leopold Sulovsky and Michalec Zeduak ) climbed a new route on the South face in the spring of 1996 ( Joe Simpson , 1997 , Dark Shadows falling ) . An outlier of Pumori is Kala Patthar ( 5,643 m/18 , 513 ' ) , which appears as a big brown bump below the impressive south face of
eos 
eos Puncak_Jaya ( pronounced "" ˈpʊntʃak ˈdʒaja "" ) , sometimes called Mount Carstensz or the Carstensz Pyramid , is the highest mountain on the island of New Guinea , on the Australia - New Guinea continent and in Oceania .
eos Puncak_Jaya ( pronounced "" ˈpʊntʃak ˈdʒaja "" ) , sometimes called Mount Carstensz or the Carstensz Pyramid , is the highest mountain on the island of New Guinea , on the Australia - New Guinea continent and in Oceania . Puncak_Jaya is the highest point between the Himalayas and the Andes and the highest island peak in the world .
eos 
eos Puu_Oo ( often written Puu Oo , and pronounced "" puʔu ʔoːʔoː "" ( roughly ` ` poo - oo oh - oh '' ) ) is a cinder / spatter cone in the eastern rift zone of the Kīlauea volcano of the Hawaiian Islands .
eos Puu_Oo ( often written Puu Oo , and pronounced "" puʔu ʔoːʔoː "" ( roughly ` ` poo - oo oh - oh '' ) ) is a cinder / spatter cone in the eastern rift zone of the Kīlauea volcano of the Hawaiian Islands . Puu_Oo has been erupting continuously since january 3 , 1983 , making
eos oh - oh '' ) ) is a cinder / spatter cone in the eastern rift zone of the Kīlauea volcano of the Hawaiian Islands . Puu_Oo has been erupting continuously since january 3 , 1983 , making Puu_Oo the longest - lived rift - zone eruption of the last two centuries . From 1983 through 1998 , lava from
eos 
eos Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta is a peak in Jasper National Park , Canada named for
eos Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta is a peak in Jasper National Park , Canada named for Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta pyramid - like shape . James Hector named
eos Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta is a peak in Jasper National Park , Canada named for Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta pyramid - like shape . James Hector named Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta in 1859 due to
eos Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta is a peak in Jasper National Park , Canada named for Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta pyramid - like shape . James Hector named Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta in 1859 due to Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta appearance from the Athabasca River valley on the eastern side of
eos Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta is a peak in Jasper National Park , Canada named for Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta pyramid - like shape . James Hector named Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta in 1859 due to Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta appearance from the Athabasca River valley on the eastern side of Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta .
eos 
eos Quandary_Peak is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado , the highest peak in the Tenmile Range ( a northern extension of the Mosquito Range ) .
eos Quandary_Peak is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado , the highest peak in the Tenmile Range ( a northern extension of the Mosquito Range ) . Quandary_Peak is the 12th , 13th , or 14th highest peak in Colorado , depending on how
eos Quandary_Peak is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado , the highest peak in the Tenmile Range ( a northern extension of the Mosquito Range ) . Quandary_Peak is the 12th , 13th , or 14th highest peak in Colorado , depending on how Quandary_Peak is ranked . (
eos Quandary_Peak is the 12th , 13th , or 14th highest peak in Colorado , depending on how Quandary_Peak is ranked . ( Quandary_Peak has nearly the same elevation as Castle Peak and Mount Evans . )
eos ( Quandary_Peak has nearly the same elevation as Castle Peak and Mount Evans . ) Quandary_Peak lies in Summit County and in the Arapaho National Forest , about 6 mi ( 10 km ) south - southwest of the town of Breckenridge . The standard route up
eos ( Quandary_Peak has nearly the same elevation as Castle Peak and Mount Evans . ) Quandary_Peak lies in Summit County and in the Arapaho National Forest , about 6 mi ( 10 km ) south - southwest of the town of Breckenridge . The standard route up Quandary_Peak is a trail hike ( class 1 ) , starting from a trailhead about 1 mi ( 1.6 km ) north of Hoosier Pass on the east side of
eos Quandary_Peak lies in Summit County and in the Arapaho National Forest , about 6 mi ( 10 km ) south - southwest of the town of Breckenridge . The standard route up Quandary_Peak is a trail hike ( class 1 ) , starting from a trailhead about 1 mi ( 1.6 km ) north of Hoosier Pass on the east side of Quandary_Peak . Hence
eos Quandary_Peak lies in Summit County and in the Arapaho National Forest , about 6 mi ( 10 km ) south - southwest of the town of Breckenridge . The standard route up Quandary_Peak is a trail hike ( class 1 ) , starting from a trailhead about 1 mi ( 1.6 km ) north of Hoosier Pass on the east side of Quandary_Peak . Hence Quandary_Peak is a popular fourteener to climb , because of the relatively easy ascent , as well as
eos The standard route up Quandary_Peak is a trail hike ( class 1 ) , starting from a trailhead about 1 mi ( 1.6 km ) north of Hoosier Pass on the east side of Quandary_Peak . Hence Quandary_Peak is a popular fourteener to climb , because of the relatively easy ascent , as well as Quandary_Peak proximity to Denver and Breckenridge .
eos Hence Quandary_Peak is a popular fourteener to climb , because of the relatively easy ascent , as well as Quandary_Peak proximity to Denver and Breckenridge . Quandary_Peak is also popular with backcountry skiers and snowboarders . The gentle ascent makes for an easy climb from the east , with less danger from avalanche than on many other fourteeners , and the other slopes of
eos 
eos 
eos Rakaposhi is a mountain in the Karakoram mountain range in Pakistan .
eos Rakaposhi is situated in the Nagar Valley approximately 100 km north of the city of Gilgit . Rakaposhi means ` ` shining wall '' in the local language .
eos Rakaposhi means ` ` shining wall '' in the local language . Rakaposhi is also known as Rakaposhi Peak , Rakapushi and Dumani ( ` ` Mother of Mist '' ) .
eos Rakaposhi means ` ` shining wall '' in the local language . Rakaposhi is also known as Rakaposhi Peak , Rakapushi and Dumani ( ` ` Mother of Mist '' ) . Rakaposhi is ranked 27th highest in the world and 12th highest in Pakistan , but
eos Rakaposhi means ` ` shining wall '' in the local language . Rakaposhi is also known as Rakaposhi Peak , Rakapushi and Dumani ( ` ` Mother of Mist '' ) . Rakaposhi is ranked 27th highest in the world and 12th highest in Pakistan , but Rakaposhi is more popular for
eos Rakaposhi means ` ` shining wall '' in the local language . Rakaposhi is also known as Rakaposhi Peak , Rakapushi and Dumani ( ` ` Mother of Mist '' ) . Rakaposhi is ranked 27th highest in the world and 12th highest in Pakistan , but Rakaposhi is more popular for Rakaposhi beauty than
eos Rakaposhi is ranked 27th highest in the world and 12th highest in Pakistan , but Rakaposhi is more popular for Rakaposhi beauty than Rakaposhi rank might suggest and Rakaposhi is said to be one of the most beautiful mountains in the world .
eos 
eos Rambler_Peak is a mountain located on Vancouver Island , British Columbia .
eos Rambler_Peak is a mountain located on Vancouver Island , British Columbia . Rambler_Peak is 23 km E of Gold River and 4 km SE of Mount Colonel Foster .
eos Rambler_Peak is 23 km E of Gold River and 4 km SE of Mount Colonel Foster . Rambler_Peak is a hydrographic divide located at the headwaters of the Elk River . The Wolf , Elk , Ucoma Rivers and Cervus Creek all start at
eos 
eos Ranger_Peak is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming .
eos Ranger_Peak is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Ranger_Peak is located slightly northwest of and across Jackson Lake from Colter Bay Village . The scenic Waterfalls Canyon is immediately southeast of
eos Ranger_Peak is located slightly northwest of and across Jackson Lake from Colter Bay Village . The scenic Waterfalls Canyon is immediately southeast of Ranger_Peak , but there are no maintained trails in the area . Access to the summit involves off trail hiking and scrambling as the top of
eos 
eos Raynolds_Peak is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming .
eos Raynolds_Peak is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Raynolds_Peak rises to the north of Moran Canyon and Raynolds_Peak has numerous deep cirques on
eos 
eos Red_Butte is located in the Kaibab National Forest in Coconino County , Arizona .
eos Red_Butte is located in the Kaibab National Forest in Coconino County , Arizona . Red_Butte is known to the Havasupai nation as Wii'i Gdwiisa , ` ` clenched fist mountain '' , and Red_Butte is regarded as a sacred site .
eos Red_Butte is known to the Havasupai nation as Wii'i Gdwiisa , ` ` clenched fist mountain '' , and Red_Butte is regarded as a sacred site . Red_Butte is the most notable feature on the Coconino Plateau between the San Francisco volcanic field and the Grand Canyon .
eos 
eos Red_Slate_Mountain is the highest peak in the Sherwin Range , which is part of the Sierra Nevada .
eos Red_Slate_Mountain is the highest peak in the Sherwin Range , which is part of the Sierra Nevada . Red_Slate_Mountain lies along the Sierra Crest that divides Fresno County from Mono County , California .
eos Red_Slate_Mountain lies along the Sierra Crest that divides Fresno County from Mono County , California . Red_Slate_Mountain can be reached by scrambling either from McGee Pass , or starting from Bighorn Lake . The area to the north of
eos Red_Slate_Mountain can be reached by scrambling either from McGee Pass , or starting from Bighorn Lake . The area to the north of Red_Slate_Mountain is amongst the most seismically active in California : these earthquakes are associated with the Long Valley Caldera .
eos The area to the north of Red_Slate_Mountain is amongst the most seismically active in California : these earthquakes are associated with the Long Valley Caldera . Red_Slate_Mountain was named by the California Geological Survey , in 1873 . However , it is not clear whether the survey meant to name
eos 
eos Rendezvous_Mountain is a large mountain massif located in the southern Teton Range . The west and northern flanks of
eos Rendezvous_Mountain is a large mountain massif located in the southern Teton Range . The west and northern flanks of Rendezvous_Mountain are in Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , while much of the remainder of
eos Rendezvous_Mountain is a large mountain massif located in the southern Teton Range . The west and northern flanks of Rendezvous_Mountain are in Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , while much of the remainder of Rendezvous_Mountain is in Bridger - Teton National Forest .
eos Rendezvous_Mountain extends for a distance of 5 miles ( 8 km ) between Granite Canyon to the north and Phillips Canyon to the south . Though there are numerous summits above 10,000 feet ( 3,048 m ) , the one that is most commonly visited is the North Peak , where the Jackson Hole Mountain Resort aerial tram provides access to the summit for skiers in the winter and sightseerings and hikers in the summer . The descent from the summit of
eos 
eos Reventador is an active volcano
eos Reventador is an active volcano Reventador lies in the eastern Andes of Ecuador .
eos lies in the eastern Andes of Ecuador . Reventador lies in a remote area of the national park of the same name . Since 1541
eos lies in the eastern Andes of Ecuador . Reventador lies in a remote area of the national park of the same name . Since 1541 Reventador has erupted over 25 times , although
eos lies in the eastern Andes of Ecuador . Reventador lies in a remote area of the national park of the same name . Since 1541 Reventador has erupted over 25 times , although Reventador isolated location means that many of
eos Reventador lies in a remote area of the national park of the same name . Since 1541 Reventador has erupted over 25 times , although Reventador isolated location means that many of Reventador eruptions have gone unreported .
eos Since 1541 Reventador has erupted over 25 times , although Reventador isolated location means that many of Reventador eruptions have gone unreported . Reventador most recent eruption was in 2007 , but the largest historical eruption occurred in 2002 . During that eruption the plume from
eos Reventador most recent eruption was in 2007 , but the largest historical eruption occurred in 2002 . During that eruption the plume from Reventador reached a height of 17 km and pyroclastic flows went up to 7 km from the cone . On march 30 , 2007 ,
eos The ash reached a height of about two miles ( 3 km , 11,000 ft ) . No injuries or damages have been reported .
eos No injuries or damages have been reported . Reventador main peak lies inside a U - shaped caldera which is open towards the Amazon basin to the east .
eos 
eos Rigi is a mountain in central Switzerland and part of the Alps . -LCB- Its also known as the ` ` Queen of the Mountains . ''
eos Rigi is a mountain in central Switzerland and part of the Alps . -LCB- Its also known as the ` ` Queen of the Mountains . '' Rigi is easily accessible by public transportation .
eos Rigi offers many winter and summer excursions such as skiing or sledding . Hiking there is also a favorite .
eos Hiking there is also a favorite . Rigi can be reached from Goldau and Vitznau by the Rigi - Bahnen , a rack railway , and from Weggis by cable car .
eos 
eos Rimpfischhorn ( 4,199 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps of Switzerland . The first ascent of
eos 
eos Rising_Wolf_Mountain ( 9,513 ft / 2,900 m ) is located in the Lewis Range in the US state of Montana .
eos Rising_Wolf_Mountain ( 9,513 ft / 2,900 m ) is located in the Lewis Range in the US state of Montana . Rising_Wolf_Mountain is in the southeastern section of Glacier National Park and Rising_Wolf_Mountain rises dramatically above the Two Medicine region . The Blackfeet consider the Two Medicine region of the park to be sacred ground and their name for
eos Rising_Wolf_Mountain ( 9,513 ft / 2,900 m ) is located in the Lewis Range in the US state of Montana . Rising_Wolf_Mountain is in the southeastern section of Glacier National Park and Rising_Wolf_Mountain rises dramatically above the Two Medicine region . The Blackfeet consider the Two Medicine region of the park to be sacred ground and their name for Rising_Wolf_Mountain , ` ` Mahkuyi - opuahsin '' , meaning , The way the wolf gets up , was later translated to the current name of
eos 
eos Ritacuba_Blanco is the highest peak of Cordillera Oriental , in the Andes Mountains of Colombia .
eos The summit is accessible from the west via the town of El Cocuy , the village of Guicán and the hamlet of Las Cabaňas . The hike is fairly easy , but weather is not reliable , and a glacier must be crossed . Because of global warming ,
eos The hike is fairly easy , but weather is not reliable , and a glacier must be crossed . Because of global warming , Ritacuba_Blanco glacier is melting at very high rates , backing down 25 linear mts per year ; same is happening at amazing speeds to all other snow - covered tropical mountains in Colombia . In 1950 ,
eos Because of global warming , Ritacuba_Blanco glacier is melting at very high rates , backing down 25 linear mts per year ; same is happening at amazing speeds to all other snow - covered tropical mountains in Colombia . In 1950 , Ritacuba_Blanco glacier extended down to 4,500 meters above sea level height ; in january 2007 it lowest point was at 4,800 meters above sea level . If this melting rate continues ,
eos 
eos 
eos Rockchuck_Peak is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming .
eos 
eos Rolling_Thunder_Mountain is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming .
eos Rolling_Thunder_Mountain is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Rolling_Thunder_Mountain is located northwest of Moran Bay on Jackson Lake and access to
eos 
eos Ruby_Dome , the highest peak of the Ruby Mountains and Elko County , is located in the northeast portion of the state of Nevada in the western United States .
eos Ruby_Dome , the highest peak of the Ruby Mountains and Elko County , is located in the northeast portion of the state of Nevada in the western United States . Ruby_Dome rises from a base elevation of about 6000 feet to a height of 11,387 feet ( 3470 m , the NAD8 elevation is about 5 feet higher ) .
eos 
eos Rysy ( "" Hungarian : Tengerszem - csúcs "" , "" German : Meeraugspitze "" ) is a mountain in the crest of the High Tatras , at the Polish - Slovak border .
eos 
eos Sacabaya ( also known as Tambo Quemado ) is a pyroclastic shield in Bolivia .
eos Sacabaya ( also known as Tambo Quemado ) is a pyroclastic shield in Bolivia . Sacabaya is located on the Altiplano near to the Rio Lauca .
eos Sacabaya is located on the Altiplano near to the Rio Lauca . Sacabaya is composed of ignimbrite , which has formed a shield .
eos At the southern end lies the youngest of the craters . This crater has a lava dome within it .
eos At the southern end lies the youngest of the craters . This crater has a lava dome within it . Sacabaya has fumaroles and
eos 
eos Sahand ( Persian : سهند ) is a massive , heavily eroded stratovolcano in northwestern Iran . At 3707 m ,
eos Sahand ( Persian : سهند ) is a massive , heavily eroded stratovolcano in northwestern Iran . At 3707 m , Sahand is the highest mountain in the Iranian province of East Azarbaijan .
eos 
eos Salcantay ( Nevado Salcantay ) or Salkantay ( Nevado Salkantay ) is the highest peak of the Cordillera Vilcabamba , part of the Peruvian Andes .
eos Salcantay ( Nevado Salcantay ) or Salkantay ( Nevado Salkantay ) is the highest peak of the Cordillera Vilcabamba , part of the Peruvian Andes . Salcantay is located in the Cusco Region , about 60 km west - northwest of the city of Cusco .
eos Salcantay is located in the Cusco Region , about 60 km west - northwest of the city of Cusco . Salcantay is the 38th highest peak in the Andes , and the twelfth highest in Peru . However , as a range highpoint in deeply incised terrain ,
eos 
eos Saltoro_Kangri is the highest peak of the Saltoro Mountains , better known as the Saltoro Range , which is a subrange of the Karakoram .
eos Saltoro_Kangri is the highest peak of the Saltoro Mountains , better known as the Saltoro Range , which is a subrange of the Karakoram . Saltoro_Kangri is one of the highest mountains on Earth , but
eos 
eos San_Gorgonio_Mountain ( or Mount San Gorgonio , or Old Greyback ) is the highest peak in Southern California at 11,502 feet ( 3,506 m ) above sea level .
eos San_Gorgonio_Mountain is located in the San Bernardino Mountains , 27 mi ( 42 km ) east of the city of San Bernardino and 12 mi ( 19 km ) north - northeast of San Gorgonio Pass .
eos north - northeast of San Gorgonio Pass . San_Gorgonio_Mountain lies in the San Gorgonio Wilderness , part of the San Bernardino National Forest . Spanish missionaries in the area during the early 1800s named
eos San_Gorgonio_Mountain lies in the San Gorgonio Wilderness , part of the San Bernardino National Forest . Spanish missionaries in the area during the early 1800s named San_Gorgonio_Mountain after Saint Gorgonius . Since
eos San_Gorgonio_Mountain lies in the San Gorgonio Wilderness , part of the San Bernardino National Forest . Spanish missionaries in the area during the early 1800s named San_Gorgonio_Mountain after Saint Gorgonius . Since San_Gorgonio_Mountain is the highest point in a region which is separated from higher peaks ( eg in the Sierra Nevada ) by relatively low terrain ,
eos Spanish missionaries in the area during the early 1800s named San_Gorgonio_Mountain after Saint Gorgonius . Since San_Gorgonio_Mountain is the highest point in a region which is separated from higher peaks ( eg in the Sierra Nevada ) by relatively low terrain , San_Gorgonio_Mountain is one of the most topographically prominent peaks in the United States .
eos Since San_Gorgonio_Mountain is the highest point in a region which is separated from higher peaks ( eg in the Sierra Nevada ) by relatively low terrain , San_Gorgonio_Mountain is one of the most topographically prominent peaks in the United States . San_Gorgonio_Mountain is ranked 7th among peaks in the contiguous US , and 18th among all US peaks . Several trails lead to the broad summit of
eos Several trails lead to the broad summit of San_Gorgonio_Mountain , which rises only a few hundred feet ( 100 m ) above the tree line . Any route requires well over 4,000 feet ( 1,220 m ) of elevation gain . There is however one less used trail leading from the Fish Creek Trailhead to
eos 
eos San_Jacinto_Peak is the highest peak in Riverside County , California .
eos San_Jacinto_Peak is the highest peak in Riverside County , California . San_Jacinto_Peak is part of the San Jacinto Mountains , and San_Jacinto_Peak lies within Mount San Jacinto State Park . To the east ,
eos San_Jacinto_Peak is the highest peak in Riverside County , California . San_Jacinto_Peak is part of the San Jacinto Mountains , and San_Jacinto_Peak lies within Mount San Jacinto State Park . To the east , San_Jacinto_Peak towers over the city of Palm Springs ; to the west ,
eos San_Jacinto_Peak is the highest peak in Riverside County , California . San_Jacinto_Peak is part of the San Jacinto Mountains , and San_Jacinto_Peak lies within Mount San Jacinto State Park . To the east , San_Jacinto_Peak towers over the city of Palm Springs ; to the west , San_Jacinto_Peak borders the mountain community of Idyllwild .
eos San_Jacinto_Peak is part of the San Jacinto Mountains , and San_Jacinto_Peak lies within Mount San Jacinto State Park . To the east , San_Jacinto_Peak towers over the city of Palm Springs ; to the west , San_Jacinto_Peak borders the mountain community of Idyllwild . San_Jacinto_Peak is also frequently named Mount San Jacinto . The steep escarpment of
eos The steep escarpment of San_Jacinto_Peak north face , above Snow Creek , climbs over 10,000 feet ( 3 km ) in 7 miles ( 11.3 km ) . This is one of the largest gains in elevation over such a small horizontal distance in the contiguous United States .
eos Perkins named Jean Peak for his sweetheart and future bride , Jean Waters of Plumas County , whom he married in 1903 . He named Marion Mountain after Marion Kelly , his girlfriend , a teacher for the Indian Bureau at the Morongo Valley Reservation . According to a local legend , Perkins spent the summer of 1897 deciding which woman to marry as he conducted his topographical survey of San_Jacinto_Peak and
eos Perkins named Jean Peak for his sweetheart and future bride , Jean Waters of Plumas County , whom he married in 1903 . He named Marion Mountain after Marion Kelly , his girlfriend , a teacher for the Indian Bureau at the Morongo Valley Reservation . According to a local legend , Perkins spent the summer of 1897 deciding which woman to marry as he conducted his topographical survey of
eos He named Marion Mountain after Marion Kelly , his girlfriend , a teacher for the Indian Bureau at the Morongo Valley Reservation . According to a local legend , Perkins spent the summer of 1897 deciding which woman to marry as he conducted his topographical survey of San_Jacinto_Peak and San_Jacinto_Peak environs . Near the summit of
eos According to a local legend , Perkins spent the summer of 1897 deciding which woman to marry as he conducted his topographical survey of San_Jacinto_Peak and San_Jacinto_Peak environs . Near the summit of San_Jacinto_Peak is a stone hut that was built in 1935 by Zubi , an immigrant from Central Europe who for many years until his death in the 1970s was a beloved figure in the mountain community of Idyllwild . In the 1930s , Idyllwild staged an annual race from the town center to
eos Near the summit of San_Jacinto_Peak is a stone hut that was built in 1935 by Zubi , an immigrant from Central Europe who for many years until his death in the 1970s was a beloved figure in the mountain community of Idyllwild . In the 1930s , Idyllwild staged an annual race from the town center to San_Jacinto_Peak and back . Contestants could choose any route they wished to get to and from
eos 
eos San_Luis_Peak is a fourteen thousand foot peak in the San Juan Mountains of the US state of Colorado .
eos San_Luis_Peak is a fourteen thousand foot peak in the San Juan Mountains of the US state of Colorado . San_Luis_Peak is located in the La Garita Wilderness ( part of the Rio Grande National Forest ) in Saguache County approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Creede .
eos San_Luis_Peak is located in the La Garita Wilderness ( part of the Rio Grande National Forest ) in Saguache County approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Creede . San_Luis_Peak is situated rather far to the east of the other fourteeners in the San Juans , and San_Luis_Peak has more of a wilderness setting than many other fourteeners .
eos 
eos Sangay is a constantly active stratovolcano in southeastern Ecuador .
eos Sangay is a constantly active stratovolcano in southeastern Ecuador . Sangay is the southernmost and most active volcano in the country , and Sangay is known for
eos 
eos It runs from Chalt village , in the Bar Valley on the eastern end , to Kampir Dior in Kurumbar Valley on the western end . The Kurumbar Valley separates the Pamir and Hindu Kush ranges from the Karakoram . Because
eos It runs from Chalt village , in the Bar Valley on the eastern end , to Kampir Dior in Kurumbar Valley on the western end . The Kurumbar Valley separates the Pamir and Hindu Kush ranges from the Karakoram . Because Sangemarmar_Sar is much lower in elevation than many of the surrounding peaks , such as Batura Sar and Rakaposhi ,
eos It runs from Chalt village , in the Bar Valley on the eastern end , to Kampir Dior in Kurumbar Valley on the western end . The Kurumbar Valley separates the Pamir and Hindu Kush ranges from the Karakoram . Because Sangemarmar_Sar is much lower in elevation than many of the surrounding peaks , such as Batura Sar and Rakaposhi , Sangemarmar_Sar is little - known , and there has been only one successful ascent of
eos The Kurumbar Valley separates the Pamir and Hindu Kush ranges from the Karakoram . Because Sangemarmar_Sar is much lower in elevation than many of the surrounding peaks , such as Batura Sar and Rakaposhi , Sangemarmar_Sar is little - known , and there has been only one successful ascent of Sangemarmar_Sar , according to the Index . However , because of
eos The Kurumbar Valley separates the Pamir and Hindu Kush ranges from the Karakoram . Because Sangemarmar_Sar is much lower in elevation than many of the surrounding peaks , such as Batura Sar and Rakaposhi , Sangemarmar_Sar is little - known , and there has been only one successful ascent of Sangemarmar_Sar , according to the Index . However , because of Sangemarmar_Sar location on the southeast flank of the range , relatively near the Hunza Valley ,
eos 
eos Santa_Fe_Baldy is a prominent summit in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of New Mexico , United States , located 15 mi ( 24 km ) northeast of Santa Fe . There are no higher mountains in New Mexico south of
eos Santa_Fe_Baldy is a prominent summit in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of New Mexico , United States , located 15 mi ( 24 km ) northeast of Santa Fe . There are no higher mountains in New Mexico south of Santa_Fe_Baldy .
eos Santa_Fe_Baldy is a prominent summit in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of New Mexico , United States , located 15 mi ( 24 km ) northeast of Santa Fe . There are no higher mountains in New Mexico south of Santa_Fe_Baldy . Santa_Fe_Baldy is prominent as seen from Los Alamos and communities along the Rio Grande in northern New Mexico , but Santa_Fe_Baldy is relatively inconspicuous from Santa Fe , as
eos Santa_Fe_Baldy is a prominent summit in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of New Mexico , United States , located 15 mi ( 24 km ) northeast of Santa Fe . There are no higher mountains in New Mexico south of Santa_Fe_Baldy . Santa_Fe_Baldy is prominent as seen from Los Alamos and communities along the Rio Grande in northern New Mexico , but Santa_Fe_Baldy is relatively inconspicuous from Santa Fe , as Santa_Fe_Baldy north - south trending main ridge line is seen nearly end - on , disguising the size of
eos There are no higher mountains in New Mexico south of Santa_Fe_Baldy . Santa_Fe_Baldy is prominent as seen from Los Alamos and communities along the Rio Grande in northern New Mexico , but Santa_Fe_Baldy is relatively inconspicuous from Santa Fe , as Santa_Fe_Baldy north - south trending main ridge line is seen nearly end - on , disguising the size of Santa_Fe_Baldy . Tree line in the Sangre de Cristos is unusually high ( exceeding 12,000 ft/3 , 660 m in places ) and only the top 600 - 800 ft ( 180 - 240 m ) of
eos Santa_Fe_Baldy is prominent as seen from Los Alamos and communities along the Rio Grande in northern New Mexico , but Santa_Fe_Baldy is relatively inconspicuous from Santa Fe , as Santa_Fe_Baldy north - south trending main ridge line is seen nearly end - on , disguising the size of Santa_Fe_Baldy . Tree line in the Sangre de Cristos is unusually high ( exceeding 12,000 ft/3 , 660 m in places ) and only the top 600 - 800 ft ( 180 - 240 m ) of Santa_Fe_Baldy is perpetually free of trees , but several severe forest fires have created bare spots extending to lower elevations . An extensive region of aspen trees on
eos Tree line in the Sangre de Cristos is unusually high ( exceeding 12,000 ft/3 , 660 m in places ) and only the top 600 - 800 ft ( 180 - 240 m ) of Santa_Fe_Baldy is perpetually free of trees , but several severe forest fires have created bare spots extending to lower elevations . An extensive region of aspen trees on Santa_Fe_Baldy flanks produces spectacular orange - yellow coloration during the fall that is the subject of many photographic studies .
eos Santa_Fe_Baldy lies in the Pecos Wilderness , part of the Santa Fe National Forest , on the water divide between the Rio Grande and the Pecos River . The western slopes are drained by the Rio Capulin and the Rio Nambe , both flowing to the Rio Grande . The eastern side of
eos The western slopes are drained by the Rio Capulin and the Rio Nambe , both flowing to the Rio Grande . The eastern side of Santa_Fe_Baldy consists of two small cirques , one containing Lake Katherine , one of the highest lakes in New Mexico , at elevation 11,742 ft ( 3,579 m ) .
eos The eastern side of Santa_Fe_Baldy consists of two small cirques , one containing Lake Katherine , one of the highest lakes in New Mexico , at elevation 11,742 ft ( 3,579 m ) . Santa_Fe_Baldy is accessed by Trail 251 , the Skyline Trail , which climbs to a saddle about 1,000 ft ( 300 m ) below the summit ; the remaining distance is covered by a steep unofficial trail along the ridgeline . Under good conditions the summit is a simple ` ` walk - up '' climb , but the Sangre de Cristos are unusually prone to lightning , and during the summer months , the wise hiker is off
eos Santa_Fe_Baldy is accessed by Trail 251 , the Skyline Trail , which climbs to a saddle about 1,000 ft ( 300 m ) below the summit ; the remaining distance is covered by a steep unofficial trail along the ridgeline . Under good conditions the summit is a simple ` ` walk - up '' climb , but the Sangre de Cristos are unusually prone to lightning , and during the summer months , the wise hiker is off Santa_Fe_Baldy and other high summits in the range by noon , to avoid afternoon thunderstorms . Nearby peaks include Lake Peak , 12,409 ft ( 3,782 m ) and Tesuque Peak , 12,043 ft ( 3,671 m ) , both located about 3 mi ( 5 km ) to the south of
eos 
eos Шар Планина , Šar Planina ; Albanian : Malet e Sharrit , Mali i Sharrit , Sharr ) is a mountain located on the southern border of Kosovo , Serbia and the northwest part of the Republic of Macedonia .
eos * Ljuboten ( 2498 m ) * Piribeg
eos Ljuboten ( 2498 m ) * Piribeg Sar_Mountain extends to Mount Korab ( 2764 m ) in the southwest , and Sar_Mountain passes into northeastern Albania . Vegetation on
eos * Piribeg Sar_Mountain extends to Mount Korab ( 2764 m ) in the southwest , and Sar_Mountain passes into northeastern Albania . Vegetation on Sar_Mountain includes crops up to around 1000 meters , forests up to 1700 meters , and above that lie high pastures which encompass around 550 square kilometers .
eos Vegetation on Sar_Mountain includes crops up to around 1000 meters , forests up to 1700 meters , and above that lie high pastures which encompass around 550 square kilometers . Sar_Mountain is the largest compact area covered with pastures on the European continent .
eos Sar_Mountain is most known as the origin of the dog breed Šarplaninac ( Macedonian : Šarplaninec , Albanian : Qeni i Sharrit ) which was bred on these pastures . The Šar National Park is in the territory of the Autonomous Province of Kosovo and it spreads on 380 square kilometres , on the northern slopes of
eos 
eos Saraghrar is the fourth highest independent peak in the Hindu Kush .
eos Saraghrar is the fourth highest independent peak in the Hindu Kush . Saraghrar is a huge , irregular stretched plateau at elevation around 7,000 m ( 22,966 ft ) , lying above vertical granite and ice faces , which protect
eos Saraghrar is the fourth highest independent peak in the Hindu Kush . Saraghrar is a huge , irregular stretched plateau at elevation around 7,000 m ( 22,966 ft ) , lying above vertical granite and ice faces , which protect Saraghrar all around .
eos Saraghrar distinct summits are poorly identified , and information gathered from expeditions that have visited the area is often misleading . The main summits are : NE summit ( 7349 m ) , NW summit ( 7300 m ) , SW summit ( 7148 m ) , S summit ( 7307 m ) and SE summit ( 7208 m ) . To date ( 2005 ) , the NW summit is the only unclimbed peak of
eos 
eos Saser_Kangri ( or Sasir Kangri ) is the highest peak in the Saser Muztagh , the easternmost subrange of the Karakoram range in India .
eos Saser_Kangri ( or Sasir Kangri ) is the highest peak in the Saser Muztagh , the easternmost subrange of the Karakoram range in India . Saser_Kangri is the 35th highest independent peak in the world .
eos I at 7,672 metres ( 25,170 feet ) * Saser Kangri II East at 7,518 metres ( 24,665 feet ) ; West at 7,500 metres * Saser Kangri III at 7,495 metres ( 24,590 feet ) * Saser Kangri IV at 7,416 metres ( 24,330 feet )
eos * Saser Kangri IV at 7,416 metres ( 24,330 feet ) Saser_Kangri lies toward the northwestern end of the Saser Muztagh , at the head of the North Shukpa Kunchang Glacier , a major glacier which drains the eastern slopes of the group . The Sakang and Pukpoche Glaciers head on the western side of the group , and drain into the Nubra River . Early exploration and climbing attempts of
eos Early European exploration included a visit in 1909 by famed explorer T G. Longstaff , along with Arthur Neve and A M. Slingsby . However , visits and failed climbing attempts by multiple groups on the western side over the period 1922 - 1970 showed that the western side was surprisingly difficult . In 1973 , an expedition of members of the Indo - Tibetan Border Police finally succeeded in making the first ascent of
eos However , visits and failed climbing attempts by multiple groups on the western side over the period 1922 - 1970 showed that the western side was surprisingly difficult . In 1973 , an expedition of members of the Indo - Tibetan Border Police finally succeeded in making the first ascent of Saser_Kangri , by a very different route . They approached
eos In 1973 , an expedition of members of the Indo - Tibetan Border Police finally succeeded in making the first ascent of Saser_Kangri , by a very different route . They approached Saser_Kangri from the southeast , via the upper Shyok Valley and the North Shukpa Kunchang Glacier , a long and difficult journey . Only in 1987 did climbers succeed in ascending
eos In 1973 , an expedition of members of the Indo - Tibetan Border Police finally succeeded in making the first ascent of Saser_Kangri , by a very different route . They approached Saser_Kangri from the southeast , via the upper Shyok Valley and the North Shukpa Kunchang Glacier , a long and difficult journey . Only in 1987 did climbers succeed in ascending Saser_Kangri from the western side : an Indian - British team successfully climbed
eos 
eos Sauyr_Zhotasy is the highest point in the Saur Range , part of the Tien Shan , on the border between Kazakhstan and China .
eos Sauyr_Zhotasy is the highest point in the Saur Range , part of the Tien Shan , on the border between Kazakhstan and China . Sauyr_Zhotasy lies 100 km southeast of Lake Zaysan . Despite
eos Sauyr_Zhotasy is the highest point in the Saur Range , part of the Tien Shan , on the border between Kazakhstan and China . Sauyr_Zhotasy lies 100 km southeast of Lake Zaysan . Despite Sauyr_Zhotasy low elevation ,
eos Sauyr_Zhotasy is the highest point in the Saur Range , part of the Tien Shan , on the border between Kazakhstan and China . Sauyr_Zhotasy lies 100 km southeast of Lake Zaysan . Despite Sauyr_Zhotasy low elevation , Sauyr_Zhotasy is well separated from higher ranges in
eos 
eos Schneeberg_Alps , with
eos Schneeberg_Alps , with Schneeberg_Alps 2076 m - high summit Klosterwappen , is the highest mountain of Lower Austria , and the easternmost 2000 m - high mountain in the Alps .
eos Schneeberg_Alps , with Schneeberg_Alps 2076 m - high summit Klosterwappen , is the highest mountain of Lower Austria , and the easternmost 2000 m - high mountain in the Alps . Schneeberg_Alps is a distinctive limestone massif with steep slopes on three sides .
eos Schneeberg_Alps is a distinctive limestone massif with steep slopes on three sides . Schneeberg_Alps is one of the Northern Calcareous Alps in the borderland between Lower Austria and Styria , in the eastern part of Austria .
eos Schneeberg_Alps and the Rax ( 2007 m ) , some 13 km to the south - west , are collectively considered the Viennese Hausberge ( local mountains ) . The rich Karst plateaux have provided drinking water for Vienna , via a 120 km - long pipeline , since 1873 , claiming to be the best drinking water in the world . On clear days ,
eos Schneeberg_Alps and the Rax ( 2007 m ) , some 13 km to the south - west , are collectively considered the Viennese Hausberge ( local mountains ) . The rich Karst plateaux have provided drinking water for Vienna , via a 120 km - long pipeline , since 1873 , claiming to be the best drinking water in the world . On clear days , Schneeberg_Alps can be readily seen from parts of Vienna , some 65 km away ( as the crow flies ) , together with
eos Schneeberg_Alps and the Rax ( 2007 m ) , some 13 km to the south - west , are collectively considered the Viennese Hausberge ( local mountains ) . The rich Karst plateaux have provided drinking water for Vienna , via a 120 km - long pipeline , since 1873 , claiming to be the best drinking water in the world . On clear days , Schneeberg_Alps can be readily seen from parts of Vienna , some 65 km away ( as the crow flies ) , together with Schneeberg_Alps snow - fields that reach down
eos 
eos The first ascent was on 16 august 1861 by Leslie Stephen , Ulrich Kaufmann , Christian Michel and Peter Michel . Their route of ascent , via the upper Schreck Couloir to the Schrecksattel and then by the south - east ridge , was the normal route for the following fifty years , but is now seldom used .
eos The first ascent was on 16 august 1861 by Leslie Stephen , Ulrich Kaufmann , Christian Michel and Peter Michel . Their route of ascent , via the upper Schreck Couloir to the Schrecksattel and then by the south - east ridge , was the normal route for the following fifty years , but is now seldom used . Schreckhorn had been attempted several times before this , most notably by the Swiss naturalist Joseph Hugi in 1828 (
eos Schreckhorn had been attempted several times before this , most notably by the Swiss naturalist Joseph Hugi in 1828 ( Schreckhorn Hugisattel is named after him ) and the guided party of Pierre Jean Édouard Desor ( a Swiss geologist ) in 1842 . ` The ambition of hoisting the first flag on the Schreckhorn , the one big Bernese summit which was untrodden , was far too obvious for us to resist ' , Desor later wrote , but they climbed a secondary summit of the Lauteraarhorn by mistake . The first ascent by the south - west ridge ( AD + ) - the normal route by which
eos The north - west ridge ( the Andersongrat , AD ) was first climbed by John Stafford Anderson and George Percival Baker , with guides Ulrich Almer and Aloys Pollinger on 7 august 1883 . The Strahlegg Hut , destroyed by an avalanche , has been replaced by the Schreckhorn Hut ( 2,520 m ) .
eos 
eos ( German : Schlern ) ( 2,563 m ) is a mountain of the Dolomites in Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , Italy .
eos * Logo pressed into Loacker 's wafer biscuits The peak at the north west end of
eos The peak at the north west end of Sciliar ( right , in the image at right ) was first ascended in 1888 by Johann Santner . It is named the Santner Spitze in his honour .
eos 
eos Semeru also Gunung Semeru - is the tallest mountain on the island of Java and one of its most active volcanoes . Known also as Mahameru ( Great Mountain ) ,
eos Semeru rises abruptly above the coastal plains of eastern Java . Maars containing crater lakes have formed along a line through the summit .
eos Maars containing crater lakes have formed along a line through the summit . Semeru lies at the south end of the Tengger Volcanic Complex .
eos Since 1818 , at least 55 eruptions have been recorded ( 10 of which resulted in fatalities ) consisting of both lava flows and pyroclastic flows . Moderate explosive eruptions ( VEI 2 - 3 ) have also been recorded with some regularity .
eos Semeru has been in a state of near - constant eruption from 1967 to the present . At times , small eruptions happen every 10 minutes or so .
eos Semeru has been in a state of near - constant eruption from 1967 to the present . At times , small eruptions happen every 10 minutes or so . Semeru is regularly climbed by tourists , usually starting from the village of Rano Pani to the north , but though non - technical
eos At times , small eruptions happen every 10 minutes or so . Semeru is regularly climbed by tourists , usually starting from the village of Rano Pani to the north , but though non - technical Semeru can be dangerous . Soe Hok Gie , an Indonesian political activist of the 1960s died in 1969 from inhaling poisonous gas while hiking on
eos 
eos Serles is an Austrian mountain , between Stubaital and Wipptal in Tyrol , Austria .
eos 
eos Sgurr_Dearg is a mountain in the Cuillin on the Isle of Skye , Scotland .
eos Sgurr_Dearg is topped by the Inaccessible Pinnacle ( colloquially referred to by mountaineers as the In Pin or In Pinn ) , a fin of rock measuring 50 metres ( 150 feet ) along its longest edge . The top of the Inaccessible Pinnacle , which at 986 m is the highest point of
eos This makes it the biggest hurdle for many Munro baggers . First climbed by Charles and Lawrence Pilkington in 1880 , the Pinnacle was never climbed by Sir Hugh Munro himself . Because of
eos This makes it the biggest hurdle for many Munro baggers . First climbed by Charles and Lawrence Pilkington in 1880 , the Pinnacle was never climbed by Sir Hugh Munro himself . Because of Sgurr_Dearg status as the most difficult of the Munros
eos 
eos Sherpi_Kangri is a mountain peak in the Karakoram Range .
eos Sherpi_Kangri is a mountain peak in the Karakoram Range . Sherpi_Kangri lies in the south of Ghent Kangri ( 7,380 m ) . In
eos 
eos Shiprock , or Shiprock Peak or Ship Rock ( Navajo : Tsé Bit ` a ` í , ` ` winged rock '' ) is a rock formation rising nearly above the high - desert plain on the Navajo reservation , about southwest of the northern New Mexico town of Shiprock , which is named for
eos 
eos Shishapangma ( officially : Xixiabangma ) is the fourteenth highest mountain in the world and the lowest of the eight - thousanders .
eos Shishapangma ( officially : Xixiabangma ) is the fourteenth highest mountain in the world and the lowest of the eight - thousanders . Shishapangma was the last 8,000 metre peak to be climbed , due to
eos ma means ` ` crest above the grassy plains '' . The Chinese name Xīxiàbāngmǎ Fēng 希夏幫馬峰 is a phonetic rendition of the Tibetan name . ( In Sanskrit ,
eos ( In Sanskrit , Shishapangma is called Gosainthan , which means ` ` place of the saint '' ) . Another interpretation , based on the spelling Shisha - Pangma , is that the name means , literally , ` ` Sherpa Woman . ''
eos Another interpretation , based on the spelling Shisha - Pangma , is that the name means , literally , ` ` Sherpa Woman . '' Shishapangma is located in south - central Tibet , a few kilometres from the border with Nepal .
eos Shishapangma is located in south - central Tibet , a few kilometres from the border with Nepal . Shishapangma is the only eight - thousander entirely within Chinese territory .
eos Shishapangma is the highest peak in the Jugal Himal , which is contiguous with , and often considered a part of , the Langtang Himal . The combined Jugal / Langtang Himal straddles the Tibet / Nepal border . Since
eos Shishapangma is the highest peak in the Jugal Himal , which is contiguous with , and often considered a part of , the Langtang Himal . The combined Jugal / Langtang Himal straddles the Tibet / Nepal border . Since Shishapangma is on the dry north side of the Himalayan crest , and further away from the lower terrain of Nepal ,
eos The combined Jugal / Langtang Himal straddles the Tibet / Nepal border . Since Shishapangma is on the dry north side of the Himalayan crest , and further away from the lower terrain of Nepal , Shishapangma has somewhat less dramatic vertical relief than most other major Himalayan peaks .
eos ( Mǐmǎ Zháxī 米马扎西 ) , Dorjê ( Duōjí 多吉 ) and Yún Dēng 云登 . On 14 january 2005 , Piotr Morawski and Simone Moro made the first ascent in calendar winter . Approximately 22 people have died climbing
eos On 14 january 2005 , Piotr Morawski and Simone Moro made the first ascent in calendar winter . Approximately 22 people have died climbing Shishapangma , including noted American alpinist Alex Lowe and veteran Portuguese climber Bruno Carvalho . Nevertheless ,
eos 
eos Shispare is one of the high peaks of the Batura Muztagh , which is the westernmost subrange of the Karakoram range . Alternate forms of the name of
eos 
eos Shiveluch ( "" Russian : Шивелуч "" ) is the northernmost active volcano in Kamchatka Krai , Russia .
eos ( "" Russian : Шивелуч "" ) is the northernmost active volcano in Kamchatka Krai , Russia . Shiveluch is sometimes called Sheveluch ( Шевелуч ) or Sopka Shiveluch .
eos ( "" Russian : Шивелуч "" ) is the northernmost active volcano in Kamchatka Krai , Russia . Shiveluch is sometimes called Sheveluch ( Шевелуч ) or Sopka Shiveluch . Shiveluch began forming about 60,000 to 70,000 years ago , and
eos 
eos Shkhara is the highest point in the nation of Georgia . Located in the Svaneti region along the Russian frontier ,
eos Located in the Svaneti region along the Russian frontier , Shkhara lies north of the city of Kutaisi , Georgia 's second largest city . The summit lies in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range , to the south - east of Mount Elbrus , Europe 's highest mountain .
eos The summit lies in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range , to the south - east of Mount Elbrus , Europe 's highest mountain . Shkhara is the third highest peak in the Caucasus , just behind Dykh - Tau .
eos Shkhara is the high point and the eastern anchor of a massif known as the Bezingi ( or Bezengi ) Wall , a long ridge .
eos Wall , a long ridge . Shkhara is a large , steep peak in a heavily glaciated region , and Shkhara presents serious challenges to mountaineers .
eos Shkhara North Face ( on the Russian side ) is high and contains several classic difficult routes . The significant subsummit Shkhara West , 5068 m , is a climbing objective in its own right , and a traverse of the entire Bezingi Wall is considered ` ` Europe 's longest , most arduous , and most committing expedition . ''
eos The significant subsummit Shkhara West , 5068 m , is a climbing objective in its own right , and a traverse of the entire Bezingi Wall is considered ` ` Europe 's longest , most arduous , and most committing expedition . '' Shkhara was first climbed in 1888 via the North East Ridge route , by the British / Swiss team of U Almer , J Cockin and C Roth . This route is still one of the easier and more popular routes on
eos Climbing on the Russian side of the massif is facilitated by the presence of the Bezengi Camp , a well - equipped base camp featuring huts , cottages , a library , and a sauna . The Georgian side is more remote , and persistent reports of banditry have kept climbers away .
eos Climbing on the Russian side of the massif is facilitated by the presence of the Bezengi Camp , a well - equipped base camp featuring huts , cottages , a library , and a sauna . The Georgian side is more remote , and persistent reports of banditry have kept climbers away . Shkhara is climbed by ` ` only a handful of people '' each year , due to
eos 
eos Shota_Rustaveli_Peak ( officially known as the Shota Rustaveli Peak ) is a mountain in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range , straddling the border of Svaneti ( Georgia ) and Kabardino - Balkaria ( Russia ) . The elevation of
eos Shota_Rustaveli_Peak ( officially known as the Shota Rustaveli Peak ) is a mountain in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range , straddling the border of Svaneti ( Georgia ) and Kabardino - Balkaria ( Russia ) . The elevation of Shota_Rustaveli_Peak is 4,860 meters ( 15,940 ft . ) .
eos The elevation of Shota_Rustaveli_Peak is 4,860 meters ( 15,940 ft . ) . Shota_Rustaveli_Peak is generally considered to be the 9th highest peak of the Caucasus . The slopes of
eos 
eos Sierra_Negra ( also , and perhaps more properly , called Cerro La Negra ) is a companion peak of Mexico 's highest mountain , the Pico de Orizaba . At 4640 m above sea level ( depending on which source one consults )
eos Sierra_Negra ( also , and perhaps more properly , called Cerro La Negra ) is a companion peak of Mexico 's highest mountain , the Pico de Orizaba . At 4640 m above sea level ( depending on which source one consults ) Sierra_Negra is one of Mexico 's highest peaks , perhaps even the fourth highest . However , because
eos Sierra_Negra ( also , and perhaps more properly , called Cerro La Negra ) is a companion peak of Mexico 's highest mountain , the Pico de Orizaba . At 4640 m above sea level ( depending on which source one consults ) Sierra_Negra is one of Mexico 's highest peaks , perhaps even the fourth highest . However , because Sierra_Negra is overshadowed by
eos Sierra_Negra ( also , and perhaps more properly , called Cerro La Negra ) is a companion peak of Mexico 's highest mountain , the Pico de Orizaba . At 4640 m above sea level ( depending on which source one consults ) Sierra_Negra is one of Mexico 's highest peaks , perhaps even the fourth highest . However , because Sierra_Negra is overshadowed by Sierra_Negra much higher companion
eos At 4640 m above sea level ( depending on which source one consults ) Sierra_Negra is one of Mexico 's highest peaks , perhaps even the fourth highest . However , because Sierra_Negra is overshadowed by Sierra_Negra much higher companion Sierra_Negra is not as well known as , for instance , the slightly lower Matlalcueitl , and Sierra_Negra is often not included in lists of Mexico 's mountains . The summit of
eos The service road for this project is claimed to be the highest road in North America . A part of the telescope facility is visible as a white dot in the first picture below and more clearly in the second picture . The name Sierra Negra is confusing , because a ` Sierra ' is usually a mountain range rather than a single peak , and there is a Sierra often called the Sierra Negra which lies to the south of
eos A part of the telescope facility is visible as a white dot in the first picture below and more clearly in the second picture . The name Sierra Negra is confusing , because a ` Sierra ' is usually a mountain range rather than a single peak , and there is a Sierra often called the Sierra Negra which lies to the south of Sierra_Negra , along the border of the states of Puebla and Veracruz . However , it is the name that occurs on the official INEGI maps and is the one that is most commonly used by English speakers to refer to
eos The name Sierra Negra is confusing , because a ` Sierra ' is usually a mountain range rather than a single peak , and there is a Sierra often called the Sierra Negra which lies to the south of Sierra_Negra , along the border of the states of Puebla and Veracruz . However , it is the name that occurs on the official INEGI maps and is the one that is most commonly used by English speakers to refer to Sierra_Negra . Speakers of Orizaba Nahuatl call
eos 
eos Sierra_Velluda is a massive Pleistocene stratovolcano located immediately southwest of the Antuco volcano , in the Bío - Bío Region of Chile .
eos 
eos Signal_de_Botrange is the highest point in Belgium , located in the High Fens ( Hautes Fagnes in French ) , at 694 m.
eos Signal_de_Botrange is the highest point in Belgium , located in the High Fens ( Hautes Fagnes in French ) , at 694 m. Signal_de_Botrange is the top of a broad plateau , and a road crosses
eos Signal_de_Botrange is the highest point in Belgium , located in the High Fens ( Hautes Fagnes in French ) , at 694 m. Signal_de_Botrange is the top of a broad plateau , and a road crosses Signal_de_Botrange , passing an adjacent café . In 1923 , the six - metre - high Baltia tower was built on
eos In 1923 , the six - metre - high Baltia tower was built on Signal_de_Botrange to allow visitors to reach an altitude of 700 m . A stone tower built in 1934 reaches 718 m. At the height of winter
eos 
eos Signalkuppe ( also known as Punta Gnifetti ) ( 4,554 m ) is a peak of the Monte Rosa massif in the Pennine Alps in Italy and Switzerland .
eos Signalkuppe is named after ` the Signal ' , a prominent gendarme atop the east ridge . The first ascent was by Giovanni Gnifetti , a parish priest from Alagna Valsesia , together with J Farinetti , C Ferraris , C Grober , J and G Giordiano and porters on 9 august 1842 . The highest hut in Europe , the Margherita hut ( named after Italy 's Queen consort Margherita of Savoy ) lies on the summit of
eos 
eos Skil_Brum , or Skilbrum , is a mountain in the Karakoram range in Northern Areas of Pakistan , approximately 9 km ( 5 mi ) west - southwest of K2 .
eos , is a mountain in the Karakoram range in Northern Areas of Pakistan , approximately 9 km ( 5 mi ) west - southwest of K2 . Skil_Brum lies on the western side of the Godwin - Austen Glacier , roughly opposite Broad Peak . In 1957 , Marcus Schmuck and Fritz Wintersteller made a flash first ascent of
eos 
eos Skyang_Kangri , or Staircase Peak , is a high peak of the Baltoro Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range .
eos Skyang_Kangri lies on the Pakistan - China border , about 7 km northeast of K2 , the world 's second - highest mountain . The name ` ` Staircase Peak '' refers to the East Ridge , which resembles a giant staircase with five steps .
eos They attempted the East Ridge , as did a subsequent failed attempt in 1975 , in which one climber died and one had to be evacuated by helicopter . The first ascent was made in 1976 by a Japanese expedition , climbing the East Ridge without major incident . In 1980 , well - known American climbers Jeff Lowe and Michael Kennedy attempted the West Face of
eos The first ascent was made in 1976 by a Japanese expedition , climbing the East Ridge without major incident . In 1980 , well - known American climbers Jeff Lowe and Michael Kennedy attempted the West Face of Skyang_Kangri , but reached only about 7,070 metres . According to the Index , there have been no subsequent attempts on
eos 
eos The Snaefell Mountain Railway runs the four miles from Laxey to the summit . The summit is crowned by a cafe and several communications masts . The A18 Snaefell Mountain Road passes over the slopes of
eos 
eos Snaefellsjoekull is a stratovolcano with a glacier ( Icelandic : jökull ) covering
eos Snaefellsjoekull is a stratovolcano with a glacier ( Icelandic : jökull ) covering Snaefellsjoekull summit in western Iceland . The name of
eos Snaefellsjoekull is a stratovolcano with a glacier ( Icelandic : jökull ) covering Snaefellsjoekull summit in western Iceland . The name of Snaefellsjoekull is actually Snæfell , but
eos Snaefellsjoekull is a stratovolcano with a glacier ( Icelandic : jökull ) covering Snaefellsjoekull summit in western Iceland . The name of Snaefellsjoekull is actually Snæfell , but Snaefellsjoekull is normally called ` ` Snæfellsjökull '' to discern
eos Snaefellsjoekull is a stratovolcano with a glacier ( Icelandic : jökull ) covering Snaefellsjoekull summit in western Iceland . The name of Snaefellsjoekull is actually Snæfell , but Snaefellsjoekull is normally called ` ` Snæfellsjökull '' to discern Snaefellsjoekull from two other mountains with this name .
eos The name of Snaefellsjoekull is actually Snæfell , but Snaefellsjoekull is normally called ` ` Snæfellsjökull '' to discern Snaefellsjoekull from two other mountains with this name . Snaefellsjoekull is situated on the most western part of the Snæfellsnes peninsula in Iceland . Sometimes
eos Snaefellsjoekull is situated on the most western part of the Snæfellsnes peninsula in Iceland . Sometimes Snaefellsjoekull may be seen from the city of Reykjavík over the bay of Faxaflói , at a distance of 120 km .
eos Snaefellsjoekull is situated on the most western part of the Snæfellsnes peninsula in Iceland . Sometimes Snaefellsjoekull may be seen from the city of Reykjavík over the bay of Faxaflói , at a distance of 120 km . Snaefellsjoekull is one of the most famous sites of Iceland , primarily due to the novel Journey to the Center of the Earth ( 1864 ) , by Jules Verne , in which the protagonists find the entrance to a passage leading to the center of the earth on
eos Sometimes Snaefellsjoekull may be seen from the city of Reykjavík over the bay of Faxaflói , at a distance of 120 km . Snaefellsjoekull is one of the most famous sites of Iceland , primarily due to the novel Journey to the Center of the Earth ( 1864 ) , by Jules Verne , in which the protagonists find the entrance to a passage leading to the center of the earth on Snaefellsjoekull .
eos 
eos Snow_Dome_Canada is a mountain located on the Continental Divide in the Columbia Icefield of Jasper National Park , on the border between Alberta and British Columbia , Canada .
eos Snow_Dome_Canada is a mountain located on the Continental Divide in the Columbia Icefield of Jasper National Park , on the border between Alberta and British Columbia , Canada . Snow_Dome_Canada was named in 1898 by J Norman Collie because
eos Snow_Dome_Canada is a mountain located on the Continental Divide in the Columbia Icefield of Jasper National Park , on the border between Alberta and British Columbia , Canada . Snow_Dome_Canada was named in 1898 by J Norman Collie because Snow_Dome_Canada snow - capped massif resembles a dome .
eos Snow_Dome_Canada is a mountain located on the Continental Divide in the Columbia Icefield of Jasper National Park , on the border between Alberta and British Columbia , Canada . Snow_Dome_Canada was named in 1898 by J Norman Collie because Snow_Dome_Canada snow - capped massif resembles a dome . Snow_Dome_Canada , reaching a height of 3,456 m ( 11,339 ft ) , is a hydrological apex of North America as water from
eos Snow_Dome_Canada was named in 1898 by J Norman Collie because Snow_Dome_Canada snow - capped massif resembles a dome . Snow_Dome_Canada , reaching a height of 3,456 m ( 11,339 ft ) , is a hydrological apex of North America as water from Snow_Dome_Canada flows into rivers that drain into the Pacific Ocean ( via the Columbia River ) , the Arctic Ocean ( via the Athabasca River ) , and Hudson Bay ( via the North Saskatchewan River ) . The Dome Glacier flows to the north - east , the Stutfield Glacier to the north - west , the Columbia Glacier to the west and Athabasca Glacier flows to the east of
eos 
eos Snowmass_Mountain is a fourteen thousand foot mountain in the US state of Colorado .
eos Snowmass_Mountain is a fourteen thousand foot mountain in the US state of Colorado . Snowmass_Mountain is the thirty - fourth highest mountain peak in the state .
eos Snowmass_Mountain is the thirty - fourth highest mountain peak in the state . Snowmass_Mountain is located in the Elk Mountains , within the Maroon Bells - Snowmass Wilderness of the White River National Forest .
eos Snowmass_Mountain is located in the Elk Mountains , within the Maroon Bells - Snowmass Wilderness of the White River National Forest . Snowmass_Mountain lies along the border between Pitkin and Gunnison counties , west of Aspen and southwest of the town of Snowmass Village .
eos Snowmass_Mountain is located in the Elk Mountains , within the Maroon Bells - Snowmass Wilderness of the White River National Forest . Snowmass_Mountain lies along the border between Pitkin and Gunnison counties , west of Aspen and southwest of the town of Snowmass Village . Snowmass_Mountain is named for the large snowfield that lies on
eos Snowmass_Mountain lies along the border between Pitkin and Gunnison counties , west of Aspen and southwest of the town of Snowmass Village . Snowmass_Mountain is named for the large snowfield that lies on Snowmass_Mountain eastern slopes .
eos Snowmass_Mountain is named for the large snowfield that lies on Snowmass_Mountain eastern slopes . Snowmass_Mountain should not be confused with the Snowmass ski area , located outside Snowmass Village ; nor with nearby Snowmass Peak , a lower but more visually striking peak that towers over Snowmass Lake . Hagerman Peak sits between
eos Snowmass_Mountain is named for the large snowfield that lies on Snowmass_Mountain eastern slopes . Snowmass_Mountain should not be confused with the Snowmass ski area , located outside Snowmass Village ; nor with nearby Snowmass Peak , a lower but more visually striking peak that towers over Snowmass Lake . Hagerman Peak sits between Snowmass_Mountain and Snowmass Peak and is also often mistaken for
eos 
eos Socompa is a stratovolcano at the border of Argentina and Chile . A large composite complex ,
eos Socompa is a stratovolcano at the border of Argentina and Chile . A large composite complex , Socompa is best known for
eos Socompa is a stratovolcano at the border of Argentina and Chile . A large composite complex , Socompa is best known for Socompa large debris avalanche deposit , widely accepted as the best preserved example of this type deposit in the world .
eos A large composite complex , Socompa is best known for Socompa large debris avalanche deposit , widely accepted as the best preserved example of this type deposit in the world . Socompa is difficult to reach - either from the north along dirt tracks south of the Miscanti Pass , or from the west via the Escondida copper mine . Both routes require a full - day 's driving and for any reasonable amount of time to be spent at
eos Socompa is difficult to reach - either from the north along dirt tracks south of the Miscanti Pass , or from the west via the Escondida copper mine . Both routes require a full - day 's driving and for any reasonable amount of time to be spent at Socompa would need significant planning . The western rim of
eos 
eos Spik is a mountain in Slovenian Julian Alps .
eos Spik is a mountain in Slovenian Julian Alps . Spik summit is at 2,472 m ( 8110 feet ) above sea level .
eos Spik is a mountain in Slovenian Julian Alps . Spik summit is at 2,472 m ( 8110 feet ) above sea level . Spik has been named after
eos 
eos Split_Mountain is a peak in the Sierra Nevada in the US state of California , near the southeast end of the Palisades group of peaks .
eos Split_Mountain is a peak in the Sierra Nevada in the US state of California , near the southeast end of the Palisades group of peaks . Split_Mountain north summit rises to 14,064 feet ( 4,287 m ) , and is the eighth highest peak in the state . The name Split Mountain , inspired by the shape of
eos Split_Mountain north summit rises to 14,064 feet ( 4,287 m ) , and is the eighth highest peak in the state . The name Split Mountain , inspired by the shape of Split_Mountain double summit , was first coined by mountaineer Bolton Brown in 1895 . Alternately ,
eos The name Split Mountain , inspired by the shape of Split_Mountain double summit , was first coined by mountaineer Bolton Brown in 1895 . Alternately , Split_Mountain has been called Southeast Palisade or South Palisade . The two toned appearance of
eos Alternately , Split_Mountain has been called Southeast Palisade or South Palisade . The two toned appearance of Split_Mountain eastern face is created by a roof pendant of darker colored granodiorite atop a lighter colored body of leucogranite .
eos Split_Mountain is one of the easier California fourteeners to climb . The least technical route is the class 2 north slope , which can be approached from the west or east . Joseph LeConte , Helen LeConte and Curtis Lindley took the simple western approach from Upper Basin when they climbed
eos Starting at the Red Lake trailhead , this trail covers 6 miles ( 10 km ) with 4,000 feet ( 1,220 m ) of elevation gain one way to the lake . From here , another 3,500 ft ( 1,070 m ) of cross - country climbing , including a short class 3 ridge traverse , leads to the summit . There are many more technical routes up both the north and south peaks of
eos 
eos Stanley_Peak is a mountain located in the northeastern section of Kootenay National Park .
eos Stanley_Peak is a mountain located in the northeastern section of Kootenay National Park . Stanley_Peak was named in 1901 by Edward Whymper after Frederick Stanley , the sixth governor - general of Canada .
eos Stanley_Peak was named in 1901 by Edward Whymper after Frederick Stanley , the sixth governor - general of Canada . Stanley_Peak is visible from the Trans - Canada Highway and Highway 93 . Stanley Glacier on the northeast face of
eos Stanley_Peak was named in 1901 by Edward Whymper after Frederick Stanley , the sixth governor - general of Canada . Stanley_Peak is visible from the Trans - Canada Highway and Highway 93 . Stanley Glacier on the northeast face of Stanley_Peak can be seen up close by following a hiking trail into a hanging valley between
eos Stanley_Peak is visible from the Trans - Canada Highway and Highway 93 . Stanley Glacier on the northeast face of Stanley_Peak can be seen up close by following a hiking trail into a hanging valley between Stanley_Peak and a southern outlier of Storm Mountain .
eos 
eos 
eos Stecknadelhorn ( 4,241 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland .
eos Stecknadelhorn ( 4,241 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . Stecknadelhorn lies on the Nadelgrat , a high - level ridge running roughly north - south above the resort of Saas Fee to the east , and the Mattertal to the west .
eos 
eos Storm_King_Mountain is along the west bank of the Hudson River south of Cornwall - on - Hudson , New York .
eos Storm_King_Mountain is along the west bank of the Hudson River south of Cornwall - on - Hudson , New York . Storm_King_Mountain distinctive curved ridge is the most prominent aspect of the view south down Newburgh Bay , from Newburgh , Beacon and the Newburgh - Beacon Bridge . Together with Breakneck Ridge on the opposite bank of the river
eos Storm_King_Mountain distinctive curved ridge is the most prominent aspect of the view south down Newburgh Bay , from Newburgh , Beacon and the Newburgh - Beacon Bridge . Together with Breakneck Ridge on the opposite bank of the river Storm_King_Mountain forms ` ` Wey - Gat '' or Wind Gate , the picturesque northern gateway to the Hudson Highlands .
eos Storm_King_Mountain can also be seen by southbound travelers on nearby sections of the New York State Thruway . This view was popular with early artists of the Hudson River School , and helped give them their name . While thought of as the highest in the area ,
eos 
eos 
eos Sugarloaf_Mountain_Brazil ( in Portuguese , Pão de Açúcar ) , is a peak situated in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from the mouth of Guanabara Bay on a peninsula that sticks out into the Atlantic Ocean . Rising 396 m above sea - level ,
eos Sugarloaf_Mountain_Brazil ( in Portuguese , Pão de Açúcar ) , is a peak situated in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from the mouth of Guanabara Bay on a peninsula that sticks out into the Atlantic Ocean . Rising 396 m above sea - level , Sugarloaf_Mountain_Brazil name is said to refer to
eos Rising 396 m above sea - level , Sugarloaf_Mountain_Brazil name is said to refer to Sugarloaf_Mountain_Brazil resemblance to the traditional shape of concentrated refined loaf sugar . However , it is believed by some that the name actually derives from Pau - nh - acuqua ( ` ` high hill '' ) in the Tupi - Guarani language , as used by the indigenous Tamoios .
eos A glass - paneled cable car ( in popular Portuguese , bondinho - more properly called teleférico ) , capable of holding 75 passengers , runs along a 1400-metre route between the peaks of Babilônia and Urca every half hour . The original cable car line was built in 1912 . So familiar is
eos A glass - paneled cable car ( in popular Portuguese , bondinho - more properly called teleférico ) , capable of holding 75 passengers , runs along a 1400-metre route between the peaks of Babilônia and Urca every half hour . The original cable car line was built in 1912 . So familiar is Sugarloaf_Mountain_Brazil , the mere sight of
eos 
eos Sunlight_Peak is a fourteener in the Needle Mountains , a subrange of the San Juan Mountains in the US state of Colorado .
eos Sunlight_Peak is a fourteener in the Needle Mountains , a subrange of the San Juan Mountains in the US state of Colorado . Sunlight_Peak is located in the Weminuche Wilderness ( part of the San Juan National Forest ) in La Plata County approximately 13 miles ( 21 km ) south of Silverton .
eos Windom and Sunlight lie on the east side of Twin Lakes , in upper Chicago Basin , while Eolus lies on the west side . All three peaks are relatively remote by Colorado standards , and have a strong wilderness character ; however they can be popular in summer . The standard route up
eos 
eos Sunshine_Peak is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the US state of Colorado .
eos Sunshine_Peak is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the US state of Colorado . Sunshine_Peak is located in the San Juan Mountains in Hinsdale County approximately 9 miles ( 14 km ) south west of Lake City , and about 1 mi ( 1.6 km ) south of Redcloud Peak .
eos Sunshine_Peak is located in the San Juan Mountains in Hinsdale County approximately 9 miles ( 14 km ) south west of Lake City , and about 1 mi ( 1.6 km ) south of Redcloud Peak . Sunshine_Peak rises on the north side of the Lake Fork of the Gunnison River .
eos Sunshine_Peak rises on the north side of the Lake Fork of the Gunnison River . Sunshine_Peak has the dubious distinction of being the lowest of Colorado 's 54 official fourteeners .
eos Sunshine_Peak rises on the north side of the Lake Fork of the Gunnison River . Sunshine_Peak has the dubious distinction of being the lowest of Colorado 's 54 official fourteeners . Sunshine_Peak is also not particularly independent from
eos Sunshine_Peak has the dubious distinction of being the lowest of Colorado 's 54 official fourteeners . Sunshine_Peak is also not particularly independent from Sunshine_Peak higher neighbor Redcloud Peak , with a topographic prominence of 501 ft ( 153 m ) ( the minimum standard for an independent fourteener is 300 ft , or 91 m ) . However
eos Sunshine_Peak is also not particularly independent from Sunshine_Peak higher neighbor Redcloud Peak , with a topographic prominence of 501 ft ( 153 m ) ( the minimum standard for an independent fourteener is 300 ft , or 91 m ) . However Sunshine_Peak has more and steeper local relief than many of the other fourteeners . For example ,
eos 
eos Sunwapta_Peak is a peak located in the Sunwapta River valley of Jasper National Park , just north of the Columbia Icefield .
eos Sunwapta_Peak is a peak located in the Sunwapta River valley of Jasper National Park , just north of the Columbia Icefield . Sunwapta_Peak was named in 1892 after the Stoney Indian word ` ` Sunwapta '' meaning ` ` turbulent river '' .
eos 
eos Tabeguache_Peak is one of the fourteeners of the US state of Colorado .
eos Tabeguache_Peak is one of the fourteeners of the US state of Colorado . Tabeguache_Peak is a near neighbor of the higher peak Mount Shavano , which lies approximately 1/2 mile ( approximately 1 km ) to the southeast , and Tabeguache_Peak is close to being a subpeak of the latter .
eos Tabeguache_Peak is a near neighbor of the higher peak Mount Shavano , which lies approximately 1/2 mile ( approximately 1 km ) to the southeast , and Tabeguache_Peak is close to being a subpeak of the latter . Tabeguache_Peak name is pronounced ` ` tab - uh - wash , '' with the accent on the first syllable .
eos Tabeguache_Peak name is pronounced ` ` tab - uh - wash , '' with the accent on the first syllable . Tabeguache_Peak lies just east of the Continental Divide and just west of the Arkansas River , in the south - central part of the Sawatch Range .
eos 
eos Table_Mountain is a flat - topped mountain forming a prominent landmark overlooking the city of Cape Town in South Africa .
eos Table_Mountain is a flat - topped mountain forming a prominent landmark overlooking the city of Cape Town in South Africa . Table_Mountain is a significant tourist attraction , with many visitors using the cableway to take a ride to the top .
eos 
eos Taeschhorn ( 4,491 m ) is a mountain in the Mischabelhörner group of the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . The first ascent of
eos 
eos Taftan_volcano ( in Persian : تفتان Taftân ) is an eroded stratovolcano in southeastern Iran situated in the Sistan and Baluchestan province . At nearly 4,000 meters ( 13,000 ft ) above sea level ,
eos The nearest city is Khash . Taftan is a Persian word which means ` ` The Place of Heat '' .
eos The nearest city is Khash . Taftan is a Persian word which means ` ` The Place of Heat '' . Taftan_volcano is an inactive volcano , however sulphurous gases are emitted from fumaroles at
eos Taftan is a Persian word which means ` ` The Place of Heat '' . Taftan_volcano is an inactive volcano , however sulphurous gases are emitted from fumaroles at Taftan_volcano summit .
eos Taftan_volcano is an inactive volcano , however sulphurous gases are emitted from fumaroles at Taftan_volcano summit . Taftan_volcano is usually ascended from west side where a well - equipped shelter has been built . There are very strong winds on
eos Taftan_volcano is usually ascended from west side where a well - equipped shelter has been built . There are very strong winds on Taftan_volcano . It is difficult to climb
eos Taftan_volcano is usually ascended from west side where a well - equipped shelter has been built . There are very strong winds on Taftan_volcano . It is difficult to climb Taftan_volcano during winters because of extreme cold and the winds which also cause the snow covering
eos 
eos Tebulosmta ( Chechen : Тебул - Мате лам , Tebul - Mate lam , "" Georgian : ტებულოს მთა "" , Tebulos mta , "" Russian : Тебулосмта "" ) is the highest mountain of the Eastern Caucasus and the highest mountain of the Chechen Republic at an elevation of 4,493 meters ( 14,737 feet ) above sea level .
eos ( Chechen : Тебул - Мате лам , Tebul - Mate lam , "" Georgian : ტებულოს მთა "" , Tebulos mta , "" Russian : Тебулосмта "" ) is the highest mountain of the Eastern Caucasus and the highest mountain of the Chechen Republic at an elevation of 4,493 meters ( 14,737 feet ) above sea level . Tebulosmta is located on the border of Georgia and Chechnya to the east of Mount Kazbek . The glaciers of
eos ( Chechen : Тебул - Мате лам , Tebul - Mate lam , "" Georgian : ტებულოს მთა "" , Tebulos mta , "" Russian : Тебулосмта "" ) is the highest mountain of the Eastern Caucasus and the highest mountain of the Chechen Republic at an elevation of 4,493 meters ( 14,737 feet ) above sea level . Tebulosmta is located on the border of Georgia and Chechnya to the east of Mount Kazbek . The glaciers of Tebulosmta are not large ( the total combined area of all of
eos 
eos Teepe_Pillar is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , immediately south of Grand Teton .
eos Teepe_Pillar is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , immediately south of Grand Teton . Teepe_Pillar is the seventh highest in the Teton Range .
eos Teepe_Pillar is separated from Grand Teton by a col which drops sharply to the east and west . Northeast of and well below the summit , the Teepe Glacier is situated in a cirque . From Jackson Hole ,
eos Teepe_Pillar is separated from Grand Teton by a col which drops sharply to the east and west . Northeast of and well below the summit , the Teepe Glacier is situated in a cirque . From Jackson Hole , Teepe_Pillar is difficult to observe except from the northeast as
eos From Jackson Hole , Teepe_Pillar is difficult to observe except from the northeast as Teepe_Pillar is hidden from view by Disappointment Peak . Best access to the summit is by way of Garnet Canyon to the Lower Saddle , a broad plateau which divides Grand Teton from Middle Teton . The summit is easiest to reach when approached from the west , however , true to
eos From Jackson Hole , Teepe_Pillar is difficult to observe except from the northeast as Teepe_Pillar is hidden from view by Disappointment Peak . Best access to the summit is by way of Garnet Canyon to the Lower Saddle , a broad plateau which divides Grand Teton from Middle Teton . The summit is easiest to reach when approached from the west , however , true to Teepe_Pillar name ,
eos 
eos Teewinot_Mountain is the sixth highest peak in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . The name of
eos Teewinot_Mountain is the sixth highest peak in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . The name of Teewinot_Mountain is derived from the Shoshone Native American word meaning ` ` many pinnacles '' .
eos The name of Teewinot_Mountain is derived from the Shoshone Native American word meaning ` ` many pinnacles '' . Teewinot_Mountain is immediately northeast of Grand Teton and the two are separated from one another by the Teton Glacier .
eos Teewinot_Mountain rises more than 5,500 feet ( 1,675 m ) above of Jenny Lake . The 40 mile ( 64 km ) long Teton Range is the youngest mountain chain in the Rocky Mountains , and began their uplift 9 million years ago , during the Miocene . Several periods of glaciation have carved
eos The 40 mile ( 64 km ) long Teton Range is the youngest mountain chain in the Rocky Mountains , and began their uplift 9 million years ago , during the Miocene . Several periods of glaciation have carved Teewinot_Mountain and the other peaks of the range into their current shapes . Along with a number of other high peaks in the central Teton Range ,
eos 
eos Teide ( pronounced ` ` Tay - dee '' ) or Pico del Teide , is a volcano on Tenerife , Canary Islands .
eos Teide ( pronounced ` ` Tay - dee '' ) or Pico del Teide , is a volcano on Tenerife , Canary Islands . Teide and
eos Teide ( pronounced ` ` Tay - dee '' ) or Pico del Teide , is a volcano on Tenerife , Canary Islands . Teide and Teide surrounds comprise the Parque Nacional del Teide , an 18900 ha national park that was named a World Heritage Site by UNESCO on june 29th , 2007 . At 3,718 metres ( 12,198 ft ) above sea level , and approximately 7,500 metres ( 25,000 ft ) above the adjacent sea bed ,
eos ( Note : The actual summit stands higher than the triangulation station , and associated bench mark , which has an altitude of 3,715 m ( 12,188 ft ) ) . The island of Tenerife itself is the third largest volcano by volume on Earth , making Tenerife the third largest volcanic island on Earth .
eos The island of Tenerife itself is the third largest volcano by volume on Earth , making Tenerife the third largest volcanic island on Earth . Teide is also the third highest volcano on a volcanic ocean island . Due to
eos The island of Tenerife itself is the third largest volcano by volume on Earth , making Tenerife the third largest volcanic island on Earth . Teide is also the third highest volcano on a volcanic ocean island . Due to Teide eruptive history and location close to population centres ,
eos 
eos Telescope_Peak is the highest point within Death Valley National Park , in the US state of California .
eos Telescope_Peak is the highest point within Death Valley National Park , in the US state of California . Telescope_Peak is also the highest point of the Panamint Range , and Telescope_Peak lies in Inyo County . From atop
eos From atop Telescope_Peak one can see for over one hundred miles in many directions , including west across Panamint Valley to Mount Whitney and the Sierra Nevada in California , and east across the Badwater Basin in Death Valley ( the lowest point in North America ) to Charleston Peak in the Spring Mountains of Nevada . Hiking trails from the base to the summit total 7 miles .
eos Hiking trails from the base to the summit total 7 miles . Telescope_Peak was named for the great distance visible from the summit .
eos Telescope_Peak was named for the great distance visible from the summit . Telescope_Peak is also notable for having one of the greatest vertical rises above local terrain of any mountain in the contiguous United States .
eos ( It is even somewhat comparable to the rise of Mount Everest above its northern base on the Tibetan Plateau , a rise of roughly 13,000 ft ( 4,000 m ) . However Everest rises much more , and much more steeply , above its southern base in Nepal . ) Since Telescope_Peak is the high point of a range surrounded by low basins , Telescope_Peak also has a particularly high topographic prominence of 6,168 feet ( 1,880 m ) , ranking
eos ( It is even somewhat comparable to the rise of Mount Everest above its northern base on the Tibetan Plateau , a rise of roughly 13,000 ft ( 4,000 m ) . However Everest rises much more , and much more steeply , above its southern base in Nepal . ) Since
eos ( It is even somewhat comparable to the rise of Mount Everest above its northern base on the Tibetan Plateau , a rise of roughly 13,000 ft ( 4,000 m ) . However Everest rises much more , and much more steeply , above its southern base in Nepal . ) Since Telescope_Peak is the high point of a range surrounded by low basins ,
eos However Everest rises much more , and much more steeply , above its southern base in Nepal . ) Since Telescope_Peak is the high point of a range surrounded by low basins , Telescope_Peak also has a particularly high topographic prominence of 6,168 feet ( 1,880 m ) , ranking Telescope_Peak 22nd in the contiguous US by that measure . A variety of trees can be found on
eos 
eos Tetnuld is a prominent peak in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range , located in the Svaneti region of Georgia . According to most sources ,
eos Tetnuld is a prominent peak in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range , located in the Svaneti region of Georgia . According to most sources , Tetnuld is the 10th highest peak of the Caucasus . The slopes of
eos 
eos Thabana_Ntlenyana , which literally means ` ` Beautiful , little mountain '' in Sesotho , is the highest point in Lesotho and the highest mountain in southern Africa .
eos 
eos The_Brocken , or Blocksberg , is the highest peak in the Harz Mountains in Germany and also the highest peak of northern Germany ;
eos The_Brocken , or Blocksberg , is the highest peak in the Harz Mountains in Germany and also the highest peak of northern Germany ; The_Brocken is located between the rivers Weser and Elbe . Although
eos The_Brocken , or Blocksberg , is the highest peak in the Harz Mountains in Germany and also the highest peak of northern Germany ; The_Brocken is located between the rivers Weser and Elbe . Although The_Brocken altitude ( 1,141 metres ) is below alpine dimensions ,
eos The_Brocken , or Blocksberg , is the highest peak in the Harz Mountains in Germany and also the highest peak of northern Germany ; The_Brocken is located between the rivers Weser and Elbe . Although The_Brocken altitude ( 1,141 metres ) is below alpine dimensions , The_Brocken microclimate resembles that of mountains of 2000 m altitude .
eos The_Brocken , or Blocksberg , is the highest peak in the Harz Mountains in Germany and also the highest peak of northern Germany ; The_Brocken is located between the rivers Weser and Elbe . Although The_Brocken altitude ( 1,141 metres ) is below alpine dimensions , The_Brocken microclimate resembles that of mountains of 2000 m altitude . The_Brocken tends to have a snow cover from september to May , and mists and fogs shroud
eos The_Brocken tends to have a snow cover from september to May , and mists and fogs shroud The_Brocken up to 300 days of the year . The mean annual temperature is only 2.9 ° C .
eos The_Brocken tends to have a snow cover from september to May , and mists and fogs shroud The_Brocken up to 300 days of the year . The mean annual temperature is only 2.9 ° C . The_Brocken has always played a role in legends and The_Brocken has been connected with witches and devils ; Goethe took up the legends in his Faust , in which he also referred to
eos The mean annual temperature is only 2.9 ° C . The_Brocken has always played a role in legends and The_Brocken has been connected with witches and devils ; Goethe took up the legends in his Faust , in which he also referred to The_Brocken . The Brocken spectre is a common phenomenon on
eos The_Brocken has always played a role in legends and The_Brocken has been connected with witches and devils ; Goethe took up the legends in his Faust , in which he also referred to The_Brocken . The Brocken spectre is a common phenomenon on The_Brocken , where a climber 's shadow cast upon fog creates eerie optical effects . Today
eos Today The_Brocken is part of a national park and The_Brocken hosts a historic botanical garden of mountain plants , founded in 1890 . A narrow gauge steam railway , the Brockenbahn ( part of the Harzer Schmalspurbahn ) , takes visitors from Wernigerode in the north and Nordhausen in the south to the railway station at the top .
eos A narrow gauge steam railway , the Brockenbahn ( part of the Harzer Schmalspurbahn ) , takes visitors from Wernigerode in the north and Nordhausen in the south to the railway station at the top . The_Brocken features numerous hiking trails . FM - radio and television broadcasting make major use of
eos 
eos The_Fortress_Alberta is a mountain located in the Kananaskis River Valley of Kananaskis Park of the Canadian Rockies . When viewed from Highway 40 , the north face presents a fortress like appearance .
eos 
eos The_Ogre_mountain or Baintha Brakk is a steep , craggy mountain , 7285 m high , in the Panmah Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range .
eos The_Ogre_mountain or Baintha Brakk is a steep , craggy mountain , 7285 m high , in the Panmah Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range . The_Ogre_mountain is located in the Northern Areas of Pakistan .
eos 
eos Mount Moran is one mile ( 1.6 km ) to the east . The summit is the eighth highest in the Teton Range . While the easiest route up
eos Mount Moran is one mile ( 1.6 km ) to the east . The summit is the eighth highest in the Teton Range . While the easiest route up Thor_Peak_Wyoming , the south slope , is only rated a class 4 ,
eos Mount Moran is one mile ( 1.6 km ) to the east . The summit is the eighth highest in the Teton Range . While the easiest route up Thor_Peak_Wyoming , the south slope , is only rated a class 4 , Thor_Peak_Wyoming remoteness and difficulty of approach makes
eos The summit is the eighth highest in the Teton Range . While the easiest route up Thor_Peak_Wyoming , the south slope , is only rated a class 4 , Thor_Peak_Wyoming remoteness and difficulty of approach makes Thor_Peak_Wyoming a challenging mountain to summit . Several semi permanent snowfields as well as the Triple Glaciers are located on the east and northern slopes of
eos 
eos Thunderbolt_Peak is a peak in the Sierra Nevada Mountains in the US state of California .
eos 
eos 
eos Tirich_Mir ( alternatively Terich Mir and Terichmir ) is the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush region of northern Pakistan .
eos Tirich_Mir ( alternatively Terich Mir and Terichmir ) is the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush region of northern Pakistan . Tirich_Mir was first climbed in 1950 by a Norwegian expedition comprised of Arne Næss , P Kvernberg , H Berg , and Tony Streather .
eos Tirich_Mir was first climbed in 1950 by a Norwegian expedition comprised of Arne Næss , P Kvernberg , H Berg , and Tony Streather . Tirich_Mir overlooks Chitral town .
eos Tirich_Mir overlooks Chitral town . Tirich_Mir can easily be seen from the main bazaar .
eos Tirich_Mir can easily be seen from the main bazaar . Tirich_Mir can also be seen from Afghanistan . According to a local legend , it is impossible to climb
eos Tirich_Mir can also be seen from Afghanistan . According to a local legend , it is impossible to climb Tirich_Mir , because of all the Jinns , demons , witches and fairies who live up there . Almost every year , a few tourists are killed while hiking and trekking around
eos Almost every year , a few tourists are killed while hiking and trekking around Tirich_Mir . Often , they fall down into deep crevasses and their bodies are never found . The last village in Chitral before reaching
eos It is located in Mulkow . The people there speak the Khowar language . The residents are available for hire as porters and tourist guides and will lead trekkers part way up
eos 
eos Titlis ( 3,238 m ) is a mountain in the Urner Alps of Switzerland .
eos 
eos Tomort , or Tomurty , is the highest peak in the Karlik Shan , in the far eastern part of the Tien Shan mountain range of Xinjiang , China . While not of great absolute elevation among Chinese peaks ,
eos , is the highest peak in the Karlik Shan , in the far eastern part of the Tien Shan mountain range of Xinjiang , China . While not of great absolute elevation among Chinese peaks , Tomort is well - separated from higher terrain , and hence Tomort has a high topographic prominence .
eos While not of great absolute elevation among Chinese peaks , Tomort is well - separated from higher terrain , and hence Tomort has a high topographic prominence . Tomort was reconnoitered or attempted in 1996 , 1997 , 2000 , and 2004 , by Chinese and Japanese parties .
eos 
eos Toussidi ( also known as Tarso Toussidé ) rises 3265 metres above sea level , the westernmost volcano of the Tibesti Mountains . The peak is almost centered within the black shape that has tentacle - shaped lava flows extending down the western flank .
eos Toussidi base measures approximately 55 miles ( 90 km ) in diameter . The light brownish area surrounding the peak shows a distinctive radial drainage pattern that is quite common for stratovolcanoes as the terrain falls away from the main peak . The depression southeast of
eos 
eos Trapper_Peak_Montana is the highest point in the Bitterroot Mountains , part of the larger Bitterroot Range in western Montana . Located at approximately 45 ° 53 ' 23.43 N , 114 ° 17 ' 52.11 W ,
eos Located at approximately 45 ° 53 ' 23.43 N , 114 ° 17 ' 52.11 W , Trapper_Peak_Montana is within the Central Bitterroot subrange of the Bitterroot Mountains and the Selway - Bitterroot Wilderness Area .
eos Trapper_Peak_Montana rises over 6000 ft above the nearby Bitterroot Valley . A trail to
eos 
eos Traverse_Peak is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming .
eos Traverse_Peak is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Traverse_Peak rises abruptly above Moran Canyon to the south and the North Fork of Snowshoe Canyon to the north . From Moran Bay on Jackson Lake , the south slopes of
eos 
eos Triple_Divide_Peak ( 8,020 ft / 2,444 m ) is located in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States .
eos Triple_Divide_Peak ( 8,020 ft / 2,444 m ) is located in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States . Triple_Divide_Peak is the hydrologic apex of the North American continent . The Continental ( Great ) Divide and the Laurentian Divide meet at the summit of
eos Triple_Divide_Peak is the hydrologic apex of the North American continent . The Continental ( Great ) Divide and the Laurentian Divide meet at the summit of Triple_Divide_Peak , and all water that falls at this point can flow to any of the Pacific , Arctic or the Atlantic Oceans . Rainfall on the western side of
eos Rainfall on the western side of Triple_Divide_Peak ( after several creeks ) enters the Middle Fork of the Flathead River , which in turn enters the Clark Fork River , Pend Oreille River , and the Columbia River which empties into the Pacific Ocean at Astoria , Oregon . Flathead Lake and Lake Pend Oreille are also fed by this system of rivers , as well as some man - made lakes on the Columbia River . After several creeks , the northeastern slope of
eos 
eos Trivor is one of the high peaks of the Hispar Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range in the Northern Areas of Pakistan .
eos Trivor height is often given as 7,728 metres , but this elevation is not consistent with photographic evidence . The height given here is from a Russian 1:100,000 topographic map . There have been only two successful climbs of
eos 
eos Truchas_Peak ( more precisely , South Truchas Peak ) is the second highest independent peak in the US State of New Mexico .
eos Truchas_Peak ( more precisely , South Truchas Peak ) is the second highest independent peak in the US State of New Mexico . Truchas_Peak is located in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains , 26 mi ( 42 km ) northeast of Santa Fe .
eos Truchas_Peak is located in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains , 26 mi ( 42 km ) northeast of Santa Fe . Truchas_Peak lies within the Pecos Wilderness , part of the Santa Fe National Forest . ( The north end of
eos Truchas_Peak lies within the Pecos Wilderness , part of the Santa Fe National Forest . ( The north end of Truchas_Peak borders on the Carson National Forest . ) The name of
eos ( The north end of Truchas_Peak borders on the Carson National Forest . ) The name of Truchas_Peak is Spanish for ` ` trout '' ( plural ) .
eos Truchas_Peak is a small north - south trending massif with four indentifiable summits , North Truchas Peak , Middle Truchas Peak , ` ` Medio Truchas Peak '' ( unofficial name ) , and South Truchas Peak , the highest summit . Of the three subsidiary summits , only North Truchas Peak , 13,024 ft ( 3,970 m ) has enough topographic prominence ( about 650 ft/200 m ) to be considered an independent peak .
eos Of the three subsidiary summits , only North Truchas Peak , 13,024 ft ( 3,970 m ) has enough topographic prominence ( about 650 ft/200 m ) to be considered an independent peak . Truchas_Peak lie on the water divide between the Rio Grande and the Pecos River .
eos Truchas_Peak lie on the water divide between the Rio Grande and the Pecos River . Truchas_Peak are drained on the west by the Rio Medio , the Rio Quemado , and the Rio de las Trampas ; on the northeast by the Rio Santa Barbara ; and on the southeast by small creeks that quickly run into the upper reaches of the Pecos River .
eos Truchas_Peak are drained on the west by the Rio Medio , the Rio Quemado , and the Rio de las Trampas ; on the northeast by the Rio Santa Barbara ; and on the southeast by small creeks that quickly run into the upper reaches of the Pecos River . Truchas_Peak also connects to numerous other high peaks in the region , many via the Santa Barbara Divide , a major east - west high ridge which separates the Pecos watershed on the south from the Santa Barbara watershed to the north .
eos Truchas_Peak are drained on the west by the Rio Medio , the Rio Quemado , and the Rio de las Trampas ; on the northeast by the Rio Santa Barbara ; and on the southeast by small creeks that quickly run into the upper reaches of the Pecos River . Truchas_Peak also connects to numerous other high peaks in the region , many via the Santa Barbara Divide , a major east - west high ridge which separates the Pecos watershed on the south from the Santa Barbara watershed to the north . Truchas_Peak has a true wilderness character , as
eos Truchas_Peak are drained on the west by the Rio Medio , the Rio Quemado , and the Rio de las Trampas ; on the northeast by the Rio Santa Barbara ; and on the southeast by small creeks that quickly run into the upper reaches of the Pecos River . Truchas_Peak also connects to numerous other high peaks in the region , many via the Santa Barbara Divide , a major east - west high ridge which separates the Pecos watershed on the south from the Santa Barbara watershed to the north . Truchas_Peak has a true wilderness character , as Truchas_Peak is difficult to access
eos Truchas_Peak also connects to numerous other high peaks in the region , many via the Santa Barbara Divide , a major east - west high ridge which separates the Pecos watershed on the south from the Santa Barbara watershed to the north . Truchas_Peak has a true wilderness character , as Truchas_Peak is difficult to access Truchas_Peak within a single day . Many trails access the slopes of
eos 
eos ( Quichua tunguri ( throat ) , rahua ( fire ) : ` ` Throat of Fire '' ) is an active stratovolcano located in the Cordillera Central of Ecuador .
eos 
eos Twilight_Peak is a mountain in the San Juan Mountains of western Colorado in the United States , south of Silverton .
eos 
eos Ubinas is an active stratovolcano in southwestern Peru .
eos Ubinas is an active stratovolcano in southwestern Peru . Ubinas is the Peru 's most active volcano . The upper slopes of
eos The upper slopes of Ubinas , composed primarily of Pleistocene andesitic lava flows , steepen to nearly 45 degrees . The steep - walled , 1.4 km wide and 150 m deep summit caldera contains an ash cone with a 500-m - wide funnel - shaped vent that is 200 m deep . Debris - avalanche deposits from the collapse of the SE flank of
eos The upper slopes of Ubinas , composed primarily of Pleistocene andesitic lava flows , steepen to nearly 45 degrees . The steep - walled , 1.4 km wide and 150 m deep summit caldera contains an ash cone with a 500-m - wide funnel - shaped vent that is 200 m deep . Debris - avalanche deposits from the collapse of the SE flank of Ubinas extend 10 km from
eos The steep - walled , 1.4 km wide and 150 m deep summit caldera contains an ash cone with a 500-m - wide funnel - shaped vent that is 200 m deep . Debris - avalanche deposits from the collapse of the SE flank of Ubinas extend 10 km from Ubinas . As of april 22 , 2006 ,
eos Debris - avalanche deposits from the collapse of the SE flank of Ubinas extend 10 km from Ubinas . As of april 22 , 2006 , Ubinas is currently active ; emitting ash , smoke , and toxic gases . On april 23 , 2006 , Peru declared a state of emergency in towns near
eos 
eos Ultar ( also Ultar , Ultar II , Bojohagur Duanasir II ) is the southeasternmost major peak of the Batura Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range .
eos 
eos Ulugh_Muztagh , also Ulugh Muztag , is an extremely remote mountain group on the Northern Tibet plateau .
eos Ulugh_Muztagh , also Ulugh Muztag , is an extremely remote mountain group on the Northern Tibet plateau . Ulugh_Muztagh is part of the Kunlun Mountains of Central Asia . For a long time
eos Ulugh_Muztagh , also Ulugh Muztag , is an extremely remote mountain group on the Northern Tibet plateau . Ulugh_Muztagh is part of the Kunlun Mountains of Central Asia . For a long time Ulugh_Muztagh elevation was thought to be as high as 7,723 metres , but
eos Ulugh_Muztagh , also Ulugh Muztag , is an extremely remote mountain group on the Northern Tibet plateau . Ulugh_Muztagh is part of the Kunlun Mountains of Central Asia . For a long time Ulugh_Muztagh elevation was thought to be as high as 7,723 metres , but Ulugh_Muztagh was measured by a 1985 expedition , who established
eos 
eos Uncompahgre_Peak is the sixth highest mountain peak in the US state of Colorado and Uncompahgre_Peak is the highest peak of the San Juan Mountains .
eos Uncompahgre_Peak is the sixth highest mountain peak in the US state of Colorado and Uncompahgre_Peak is the highest peak of the San Juan Mountains . Uncompahgre_Peak is located in the Uncompahgre Wilderness in the northern San Juans , in northern Hinsdale County approximately 7 miles ( 11 km ) west of the town of Lake City .
eos Uncompahgre_Peak has a broad summit plateau , rising about 1500 ft above the broad surrounding alpine basins . The south , east and west sides are not particularly steep , but the north face boasts a 700 ft cliff . Like all peaks in the San Juan Mountains ,
eos Like all peaks in the San Juan Mountains , Uncompahgre_Peak is of volcanic origin , but Uncompahgre_Peak is not a volcano . The rock is of poor quality for climbing , precluding an ascent of the north face . The most popular route for climbing
eos Like all peaks in the San Juan Mountains , Uncompahgre_Peak is of volcanic origin , but Uncompahgre_Peak is not a volcano . The rock is of poor quality for climbing , precluding an ascent of the north face . The most popular route for climbing Uncompahgre_Peak is Uncompahgre National Forest Service Trail Number 239 , which starts from the end of the Nellie Creek Road , east - southeast of
eos 
eos University_Peak is a high peak in the Saint Elias Mountains of Alaska .
eos University_Peak is a high peak in the Saint Elias Mountains of Alaska . University_Peak is one of the twenty highest peaks in the United States .
eos University_Peak is one of the twenty highest peaks in the United States . University_Peak can be considered a southern outlier of the large massif of Mount Bona . However ,
eos University_Peak is one of the twenty highest peaks in the United States . University_Peak can be considered a southern outlier of the large massif of Mount Bona . However , University_Peak is a much steeper peak than Bona , and University_Peak presents significant climbing challenges of
eos University_Peak can be considered a southern outlier of the large massif of Mount Bona . However , University_Peak is a much steeper peak than Bona , and University_Peak presents significant climbing challenges of University_Peak own .
eos 
eos Untersberg is a mountain massif in the Alps , between Berchtesgaden , Germany and Salzburg , Austria .
eos Untersberg is a mountain massif in the Alps , between Berchtesgaden , Germany and Salzburg , Austria . Untersberg is perennially popular with tourists due to
eos Untersberg is a mountain massif in the Alps , between Berchtesgaden , Germany and Salzburg , Austria . Untersberg is perennially popular with tourists due to Untersberg proximity to the city of Salzburg , less than 16 km ( 10 mi ) to the north of
eos Untersberg is perennially popular with tourists due to Untersberg proximity to the city of Salzburg , less than 16 km ( 10 mi ) to the north of Untersberg and within easy reach by bus . A variety of paths lead to the top , but most people use the cable car that lifts passengers over 1300 m to the Geiereck peak . The first recorded ascent of
eos A variety of paths lead to the top , but most people use the cable car that lifts passengers over 1300 m to the Geiereck peak . The first recorded ascent of Untersberg was in the first half of the 12th century by Eberwein , a member of the Augustinian monastery at Berchtesgaden .
eos A variety of paths lead to the top , but most people use the cable car that lifts passengers over 1300 m to the Geiereck peak . The first recorded ascent of Untersberg was in the first half of the 12th century by Eberwein , a member of the Augustinian monastery at Berchtesgaden . Untersberg also lends
eos 
eos 
eos Vaalserberg ( ` ` Mount Vaals '' ) is a mountain of 322.7 metres ( 1,059 ft ) in height , the highest point in the Netherlands .
eos 
eos Villarrica_volcano , one of Chile 's most active volcanoes , rises above the lake and town of the same name .
eos Villarrica_volcano , one of Chile 's most active volcanoes , rises above the lake and town of the same name . Villarrica_volcano is also known as Rucapillán , a Mapuche word meaning ` ` House of the Spirit '' .
eos Villarrica_volcano is also known as Rucapillán , a Mapuche word meaning ` ` House of the Spirit '' . Villarrica_volcano is the westernmost of three large stratovolcanoes that trend perpendicular to the Andean chain .
eos Villarrica_volcano is also known as Rucapillán , a Mapuche word meaning ` ` House of the Spirit '' . Villarrica_volcano is the westernmost of three large stratovolcanoes that trend perpendicular to the Andean chain . Villarrica_volcano is one of only a handful of volcanoes worldwide to have an active lava lake within
eos Villarrica_volcano is the westernmost of three large stratovolcanoes that trend perpendicular to the Andean chain . Villarrica_volcano is one of only a handful of volcanoes worldwide to have an active lava lake within Villarrica_volcano crater . About 25 scoria cones dot
eos Villarrica_volcano is one of only a handful of volcanoes worldwide to have an active lava lake within Villarrica_volcano crater . About 25 scoria cones dot Villarrica_volcano flanks .
eos About 25 scoria cones dot Villarrica_volcano flanks . Villarrica_volcano also has volcanic caves .
eos Helicopter sightseeing services offer flights over the crater as well . In the winter ( july - september ) skiing is practiced on the western slopes of
eos 
eos Vinson_Massif is the highest mountain of Antarctica , located about 1,200 km ( 750 mi ) from the South Pole .
eos Vinson_Massif is the highest mountain of Antarctica , located about 1,200 km ( 750 mi ) from the South Pole . Vinson_Massif is about 21 km ( 13 mi ) long and 13 km ( 8 mi ) wide . The southern end of
eos Vinson_Massif is about 21 km ( 13 mi ) long and 13 km ( 8 mi ) wide . The southern end of Vinson_Massif is capped by Mount Craddock ( 4,650 m ) .
eos The southern end of Vinson_Massif is capped by Mount Craddock ( 4,650 m ) . Vinson_Massif is in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains , which stand above the Ronne Ice Shelf near the base of the Antarctic Peninsula .
eos The southern end of Vinson_Massif is capped by Mount Craddock ( 4,650 m ) . Vinson_Massif is in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains , which stand above the Ronne Ice Shelf near the base of the Antarctic Peninsula . Vinson_Massif existence was unsuspected until 1957 , when
eos Vinson_Massif is in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains , which stand above the Ronne Ice Shelf near the base of the Antarctic Peninsula . Vinson_Massif existence was unsuspected until 1957 , when Vinson_Massif was spotted by US Navy aircraft .
eos 
eos Volcan_Baru ( also Volcán de Chiriqui ) is the tallest mountain in Panama and Volcan_Baru is 3474 m high . A dormant volcano just south of the Continental Divide in the western Chiriquí Province ,
eos Volcan_Baru ( also Volcán de Chiriqui ) is the tallest mountain in Panama and Volcan_Baru is 3474 m high . A dormant volcano just south of the Continental Divide in the western Chiriquí Province , Volcan_Baru is surrounded by a fertile area of cool highlands drained by the Chiriquí and Caldera rivers . The towns of Volcan and Cerro Punta can be found on
eos A dormant volcano just south of the Continental Divide in the western Chiriquí Province , Volcan_Baru is surrounded by a fertile area of cool highlands drained by the Chiriquí and Caldera rivers . The towns of Volcan and Cerro Punta can be found on Volcan_Baru western side , while Boquete is on the eastern flank . The last major eruption of
eos The last major eruption of Volcan_Baru was about 500 AD . There are reports and some evidence of a minor eruption around 1550 AD . Due to
eos The last major eruption of Volcan_Baru was about 500 AD . There are reports and some evidence of a minor eruption around 1550 AD . Due to Volcan_Baru height and Panama 's relatively short width , it is possible to see both the Pacific Ocean and Caribbean Sea from
eos 
eos Volcan_Tajumulco is large stratovolcano in western Guatemala .
eos Volcan_Tajumulco is large stratovolcano in western Guatemala . Volcan_Tajumulco is the highest mountain in Guatemala and Central America at 4,220 m ( 13,845 feet ) .
eos 
eos Volcan_de_Fuego ( ` ` Volcano of Fire '' ) is an active stratovolcano in Guatemala .
eos Volcan_de_Fuego ( ` ` Volcano of Fire '' ) is an active stratovolcano in Guatemala . Volcan_de_Fuego is close to the city of Antigua Guatemala .
eos Volcan_de_Fuego is close to the city of Antigua Guatemala . Volcan_de_Fuego has erupted frequently since the Spanish conquest .
eos Volcan_de_Fuego has erupted frequently since the Spanish conquest . Volcan_de_Fuego is famous for being almost constantly active at a low level . Smoke issues from
eos Volcan_de_Fuego is famous for being almost constantly active at a low level . Smoke issues from Volcan_de_Fuego top daily , but larger eruptions are rare . On august 9 , 2007
eos Smoke issues from Volcan_de_Fuego top daily , but larger eruptions are rare . On august 9 , 2007 Volcan_de_Fuego erupted spewing lava , rock and ash . Guatemala 's volcanology service reported that seven families were evacuated from their homes near
eos On august 9 , 2007 Volcan_de_Fuego erupted spewing lava , rock and ash . Guatemala 's volcanology service reported that seven families were evacuated from their homes near Volcan_de_Fuego .
eos 
eos Watzmann is the third highest mountain in Germany ( Zugspitze is the highest at 2,962 m , Hochwanner the second at 2,746 m ) . The three main peaks ( right side in image ) are Hocheck ( 2651 m ) , Mittelspitze ( Middle Peak , 2,713 m ) and Südspitze ( South Peak , 2,712 m ) .
eos 
eos WeissFkugel ( or Palla Bianca in Italian ) is the second highest mountain in the Ötztal Alps and the third highest mountain in Austria .
eos WeissFkugel ( or Palla Bianca in Italian ) is the second highest mountain in the Ötztal Alps and the third highest mountain in Austria . WeissFkugel lies on the border between Austria and Italy .
eos WeissFkugel lies on the border between Austria and Italy . WeissFkugel features many glaciers . The easiest way to climb
eos WeissFkugel lies on the border between Austria and Italy . WeissFkugel features many glaciers . The easiest way to climb WeissFkugel is over the south side of
eos WeissFkugel features many glaciers . The easiest way to climb WeissFkugel is over the south side of WeissFkugel .
eos The easiest way to climb WeissFkugel is over the south side of WeissFkugel . WeissFkugel was first climbed in 1850 by JA Specht , Leander Klotz , and Nicodem Klotz . Due to
eos The easiest way to climb WeissFkugel is over the south side of WeissFkugel . WeissFkugel was first climbed in 1850 by JA Specht , Leander Klotz , and Nicodem Klotz . Due to WeissFkugel central location ,
eos 
eos Weisshorn ( 4,505 m ) is a mountain in the Swiss Alps , west of Zermatt and north of the Matterhorn .
eos Weisshorn was first climbed on 19 august 1861 by John Tyndall with guides J J. Bennen and Ulrich Wenger . The south face was first climbed in 1895 by J M. Biner , A Imboden and E Broome . With
eos Weisshorn was first climbed on 19 august 1861 by John Tyndall with guides J J. Bennen and Ulrich Wenger . The south face was first climbed in 1895 by J M. Biner , A Imboden and E Broome . With Weisshorn 4505 m ,
eos 
eos Weissmies ( 4,023 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland near the village of Saas - Fee .
eos Weissmies ( 4,023 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland near the village of Saas - Fee . Weissmies was first climbed by Jakob Christian Häusser and Peter Josef Zurbriggen in 1855 via the Triftgrat . The ascent was mired in some controversy as the local guides did not believe that
eos 
eos Wetterhorn ( 3,701 m ) is a mountain in the Swiss Alps close to the village of Grindelwald . Although
eos 
eos Wetterhorn_Peak is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the US state of Colorado .
eos Wetterhorn_Peak is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the US state of Colorado . Wetterhorn_Peak is located in the Uncompahgre Wilderness of the northern San Juan Mountains , in northern Hinsdale County , 9 mi east of the town of Ouray .
eos Wetterhorn_Peak is located in the Uncompahgre Wilderness of the northern San Juan Mountains , in northern Hinsdale County , 9 mi east of the town of Ouray . Wetterhorn_Peak lies 2.75 mi west of Uncompahgre Peak .
eos Wetterhorn_Peak is located in the Uncompahgre Wilderness of the northern San Juan Mountains , in northern Hinsdale County , 9 mi east of the town of Ouray . Wetterhorn_Peak lies 2.75 mi west of Uncompahgre Peak . Wetterhorn_Peak , and
eos ft , are named after the Wetterhorn and the Matterhorn , two famous peaks in the Swiss Alps . Both Colorado peaks are pointed rock spires ( hence slightly resembling their namesake peaks ) , whose shapes contrast with the broad bulk of the higher Uncompahgre Peak . The first recorded ascent of
eos Both Colorado peaks are pointed rock spires ( hence slightly resembling their namesake peaks ) , whose shapes contrast with the broad bulk of the higher Uncompahgre Peak . The first recorded ascent of Wetterhorn_Peak was made in 1906 by George Barnard , C Smedley , W P. Smedley , and D Utter , but a previous ascent by miners working in the area in the 19th century is likely . The standard , and only common , route on
eos Both Colorado peaks are pointed rock spires ( hence slightly resembling their namesake peaks ) , whose shapes contrast with the broad bulk of the higher Uncompahgre Peak . The first recorded ascent of Wetterhorn_Peak was made in 1906 by George Barnard , C Smedley , W P. Smedley , and D Utter , but a previous ascent by miners working in the area in the 19th century is likely . The standard , and only common , route on Wetterhorn_Peak is the southeast ridge , which is accessed via the Matterhorn Creek drainage on the south side of
eos 
eos Wheeler_Peak_New_Mexico is the highest peak in the US state of New Mexico , with an elevation of 13,161 feet ( 4,011 m ) .
eos Wheeler_Peak_New_Mexico is the highest peak in the US state of New Mexico , with an elevation of 13,161 feet ( 4,011 m ) . Wheeler_Peak_New_Mexico is located in the northern part of the state , northeast of Taos .
eos Wheeler_Peak_New_Mexico lies in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains , the southernmost subrange of the Rocky Mountains . Named in honor of Major George Montague Wheeler ( 1832 - 1909 ) who for ten years led a party of surveyors and naturalists collecting geologic , biologic , planimetric and topographic data in New Mexico and six other southwestern states .
eos 
eos White_Mountain_California , or White Mountain Peak , is the highest peak of the White Mountains of the US state of California .
eos White_Mountain_California , or White Mountain Peak , is the highest peak of the White Mountains of the US state of California . White_Mountain_California is also the highest peak in Mono County and the third highest peak in the state , after Mount Whitney and Mount Williamson .
eos White_Mountain_California is also the highest peak in Mono County and the third highest peak in the state , after Mount Whitney and Mount Williamson . White_Mountain_California is the fourteenth most topographically prominent peak in the contiguous United States . The University of California operates the White Mountain Research Station , comprising three high altitude research stations , on
eos The open gate shaves about 4 miles ( 6 km ) and 500 ft ( 150 m ) of gain off the round trip . This route is often ridden with mountain bikes and has even been negotiated on a unicycle . If
eos The open gate shaves about 4 miles ( 6 km ) and 500 ft ( 150 m ) of gain off the round trip . This route is often ridden with mountain bikes and has even been negotiated on a unicycle . If White_Mountain_California is California 's easiest fourteener via the jeep road ,
eos The open gate shaves about 4 miles ( 6 km ) and 500 ft ( 150 m ) of gain off the round trip . This route is often ridden with mountain bikes and has even been negotiated on a unicycle . If White_Mountain_California is California 's easiest fourteener via the jeep road , White_Mountain_California may be the most strenuous via
eos This route is often ridden with mountain bikes and has even been negotiated on a unicycle . If White_Mountain_California is California 's easiest fourteener via the jeep road , White_Mountain_California may be the most strenuous via White_Mountain_California western ridge , an 8,150 ft ( 2,500 m ) climb out of Owens Valley via a steep ridge from the end of a rough road .
eos This route is often ridden with mountain bikes and has even been negotiated on a unicycle . If White_Mountain_California is California 's easiest fourteener via the jeep road , White_Mountain_California may be the most strenuous via White_Mountain_California western ridge , an 8,150 ft ( 2,500 m ) climb out of Owens Valley via a steep ridge from the end of a rough road . White_Mountain_California is rarely approached from the north where
eos A better nontechnical alternative to the jeep road would be to drive as far as possible up Leidy Canyon from Fish Lake Valley , then take a graded cattle trail up the broad ridge to Perry Aiken Flat . From the flats it is an easy traverse south into the cirque of the North Fork , North Branch of Perry Aiken Creek . A moderate scramble up the ridge between the North Branch and the larger cirque of the main North Fork leads to the easier upper slopes of
eos 
eos Wildspitze is the highest mountain in the Ötztal Alps and the second highest mountain in Austria . The large number of glaciers and relatively easy routes make
eos 
eos Wilson_Peak is a 14,017-foot ( 4,272 m ) mountain peak in the US state of Colorado .
eos Wilson_Peak is a 14,017-foot ( 4,272 m ) mountain peak in the US state of Colorado . Wilson_Peak is located in the Lizard Head Wilderness of the Uncompahgre National Forest , in the southern San Juan Mountains .
eos Wilson_Peak is located in the Lizard Head Wilderness of the Uncompahgre National Forest , in the southern San Juan Mountains . Wilson_Peak is the highest point in San Miguel County .
eos Wilson_Peak is the highest point in San Miguel County . Wilson_Peak base is accessible by four wheel drive roads 11 miles ( 18 km ) west of Telluride , Colorado .
eos Wilson_Peak base is accessible by four wheel drive roads 11 miles ( 18 km ) west of Telluride , Colorado . Wilson_Peak is part of a compact range of mountains , the San Miguel Range often considered distinct from the wider San Juan Range . Two additional fourteen thousand foot peaks are within 2 miles ( 3 km ) of
eos Two additional fourteen thousand foot peaks are within 2 miles ( 3 km ) of Wilson_Peak summit : Mount Wilson ( 14,256 feet ( 4,345 m ) ) and El Diente Peak ( 14,159 feet ( 4,316 m ) ) . Gladstone peak ( 13,913 feet ( 4,241 m ) ) is located on the ridge between
eos Gladstone peak ( 13,913 feet ( 4,241 m ) ) is located on the ridge between Wilson_Peak and Mount Wilson . Also known as the Wilson Massif , the San Miguels are some of the southernmost San Juans .
eos Also known as the Wilson Massif , the San Miguels are some of the southernmost San Juans . Wilson_Peak is climbed by hundreds each year , primarily in summer months , but winter ascents are not unusual and sometimes serve as the beginning of backcountry skiing descents . Summer ascents of
eos 
eos Wind_River_Peak is the highest point in the southern end of the Wind River Range which is located in the US state of Wyoming .
eos 
eos Windom_Peak is a fourteener in the Needle Mountains , a subrange of the San Juan Mountains in the US state of Colorado .
eos Windom_Peak is a fourteener in the Needle Mountains , a subrange of the San Juan Mountains in the US state of Colorado . Windom_Peak is located in the Weminuche Wilderness ( part of the San Juan National Forest ) in La Plata County approximately 13 miles ( 21 km ) south of Silverton .
eos 
eos Xuelian_Feng , or Snow Lotus Peak , is one of the major mountains of the Tian Shan mountain range .
eos Xuelian_Feng , or Snow Lotus Peak , is one of the major mountains of the Tian Shan mountain range . Xuelian_Feng lies in Xinjiang province , China , about 50 km east - northeast of Jengish Chokusu , the highest peak in the range .
eos Xuelian_Feng , or Snow Lotus Peak , is one of the major mountains of the Tian Shan mountain range . Xuelian_Feng lies in Xinjiang province , China , about 50 km east - northeast of Jengish Chokusu , the highest peak in the range . Xuelian_Feng is notable for
eos Xuelian_Feng , or Snow Lotus Peak , is one of the major mountains of the Tian Shan mountain range . Xuelian_Feng lies in Xinjiang province , China , about 50 km east - northeast of Jengish Chokusu , the highest peak in the range . Xuelian_Feng is notable for Xuelian_Feng large , steep relief above the nearby valleys , and for
eos Xuelian_Feng lies in Xinjiang province , China , about 50 km east - northeast of Jengish Chokusu , the highest peak in the range . Xuelian_Feng is notable for Xuelian_Feng large , steep relief above the nearby valleys , and for Xuelian_Feng large topographic prominence . (
eos Xuelian_Feng is notable for Xuelian_Feng large , steep relief above the nearby valleys , and for Xuelian_Feng large topographic prominence . ( Xuelian_Feng is ranked 84th in the world by this measure ) .
eos ( Xuelian_Feng is ranked 84th in the world by this measure ) . Xuelian_Feng has two summits , with the main being the north summit ; the south summit has an elevation of 6527 m. The Tokai Section of the Japanese Alpine Club made four expeditions to
eos 
eos Yerupaja or Nevado Yerupaja is a mountain of the Cordillera Huayhuash in north central Peru , part of the Andes . At 6,635 m ( other sources : 6,617 m )
eos Yerupaja or Nevado Yerupaja is a mountain of the Cordillera Huayhuash in north central Peru , part of the Andes . At 6,635 m ( other sources : 6,617 m ) Yerupaja is the second highest in Peru and the highest in the Cordillera Huayhuash . The summit was first reached in 1950 by Jim Maxwell and Dave Harrah , and
eos At 6,635 m ( other sources : 6,617 m ) Yerupaja is the second highest in Peru and the highest in the Cordillera Huayhuash . The summit was first reached in 1950 by Jim Maxwell and Dave Harrah , and Yerupaja northern peak ( Yerupaja Norte ) in 1968 by the Wellingtonian Roger Bates and Graeme Dingle .
eos The summit was first reached in 1950 by Jim Maxwell and Dave Harrah , and Yerupaja northern peak ( Yerupaja Norte ) in 1968 by the Wellingtonian Roger Bates and Graeme Dingle . Yerupaja local name is El Carnicero , which means Butcher . This name refers to the knife - edge - sharpness of
eos Yerupaja local name is El Carnicero , which means Butcher . This name refers to the knife - edge - sharpness of Yerupaja summit ridge . Many visitors consider
eos This name refers to the knife - edge - sharpness of Yerupaja summit ridge . Many visitors consider Yerupaja to be the most spectacular peak in South America . There have been only a few successful ascents of
eos This name refers to the knife - edge - sharpness of Yerupaja summit ridge . Many visitors consider Yerupaja to be the most spectacular peak in South America . There have been only a few successful ascents of Yerupaja because
eos 
eos The first ascent was by Leslie Stephen and Florence Crauford Grove with guides Jakob Anderegg and Melchior Anderegg on 22 august 1864 via the north ridge ( AD ) . Stephen wrote later that it was ` the nastiest piece of climbing I have ever accomplished ' . When
eos The first ascent was by Leslie Stephen and Florence Crauford Grove with guides Jakob Anderegg and Melchior Anderegg on 22 august 1864 via the north ridge ( AD ) . Stephen wrote later that it was ` the nastiest piece of climbing I have ever accomplished ' . When Zinalrothorn was first climbed
eos 
eos Zugspitze is the highest mountain in Germany .
eos On the Austrian side is the town of Ehrwald in the district of Reutte , Tyrol . There is a cog railway ( Zugspitzbahn ) leading from the tourist resort of Garmisch - Partenkirchen to the peak . There are also two cable cars that go to the peak from the base : one ascends from the German side of
eos Hiking to the top from the base takes between one and two days . Food and lodging is available on some trails . In winter
eos In winter Zugspitze is a popular skiing destination , with several slopes on both sides . The Zugspitzplatt is the highest ski resort of Germany and thus has enough snow all winter . The border between Germany and Austria goes right through
eos There used to be a border checkpoint at the summit . But since Germany and Austria are now both part of the Schengen zone , the border crossing is no longer staffed .
eos But since Germany and Austria are now both part of the Schengen zone , the border crossing is no longer staffed . Zugspitze belongs to the Wetterstein range in the northern Kalkalpen .
eos But since Germany and Austria are now both part of the Schengen zone , the border crossing is no longer staffed . Zugspitze belongs to the Wetterstein range in the northern Kalkalpen . Zugspitze gets
eos But since Germany and Austria are now both part of the Schengen zone , the border crossing is no longer staffed . Zugspitze belongs to the Wetterstein range in the northern Kalkalpen . Zugspitze gets Zugspitze name from the many avalanches ( Lawinenzüge in German ) on
eos Zugspitze belongs to the Wetterstein range in the northern Kalkalpen . Zugspitze gets Zugspitze name from the many avalanches ( Lawinenzüge in German ) on Zugspitze steep north slopes . At
eos The first recorded ascent to the summit was accomplished by a team of land surveyors on 27 august 1820 . The team was led by Lieutenant Josef Naus , who was accompanied by two men named Maier and G Deutschl . However , local people had conquered
eos The team was led by Lieutenant Josef Naus , who was accompanied by two men named Maier and G Deutschl . However , local people had conquered Zugspitze over 50 years earlier , according to a 1770 map discovered by the Alpenverein . On 7 january 1882 the first successful winter assault on
eos However , local people had conquered Zugspitze over 50 years earlier , according to a 1770 map discovered by the Alpenverein . On 7 january 1882 the first successful winter assault on Zugspitze was accomplished by F Kilger , H and J Zametzer and H Schwaiger . Climbing up
eos It includes a via ferrata , and there is a hut called ` ` Wiener Neustädter Hütte '' by the Austrian Alpine Club . An easier path leads via the Ehrwalder Alm , across a small pass called ` ` Gatterl '' , joining the Reintal path at the Knorrhütte .
eos 
eos Zumsteinspitze ( Punta Zumstein in Italian ) ( 4,563 m ) is a peak of the Monte Rosa massif in the Pennine Alps in Italy and Switzerland .
eos Zumsteinspitze ( Punta Zumstein in Italian ) ( 4,563 m ) is a peak of the Monte Rosa massif in the Pennine Alps in Italy and Switzerland . Zumsteinspitze lies between the Dufourspitze ( to which
eos Zumsteinspitze ( Punta Zumstein in Italian ) ( 4,563 m ) is a peak of the Monte Rosa massif in the Pennine Alps in Italy and Switzerland . Zumsteinspitze lies between the Dufourspitze ( to which Zumsteinspitze is joined by the Grenzsattel ) and the Signalkuppe ( to which
eos ( Punta Zumstein in Italian ) ( 4,563 m ) is a peak of the Monte Rosa massif in the Pennine Alps in Italy and Switzerland . Zumsteinspitze lies between the Dufourspitze ( to which Zumsteinspitze is joined by the Grenzsattel ) and the Signalkuppe ( to which Zumsteinspitze is joined by the Colle Gnifetti ) .
eos ( Punta Zumstein in Italian ) ( 4,563 m ) is a peak of the Monte Rosa massif in the Pennine Alps in Italy and Switzerland . Zumsteinspitze lies between the Dufourspitze ( to which Zumsteinspitze is joined by the Grenzsattel ) and the Signalkuppe ( to which Zumsteinspitze is joined by the Colle Gnifetti ) . Zumsteinspitze is named after
eos ( Punta Zumstein in Italian ) ( 4,563 m ) is a peak of the Monte Rosa massif in the Pennine Alps in Italy and Switzerland . Zumsteinspitze lies between the Dufourspitze ( to which Zumsteinspitze is joined by the Grenzsattel ) and the Signalkuppe ( to which Zumsteinspitze is joined by the Colle Gnifetti ) . Zumsteinspitze is named after Zumsteinspitze first recorded ascentionist , Joseph Zumstein , a forest inspector from Valsesia , who climbed
eos Zumsteinspitze lies between the Dufourspitze ( to which Zumsteinspitze is joined by the Grenzsattel ) and the Signalkuppe ( to which Zumsteinspitze is joined by the Colle Gnifetti ) . Zumsteinspitze is named after Zumsteinspitze first recorded ascentionist , Joseph Zumstein , a forest inspector from Valsesia , who climbed Zumsteinspitze with a large party on 1 august 1820 .
eos 
eos 
eos Adam_Smith , FRSE , ( baptised and probably born june 5 , 1723 OS ( june 16 NS ) - july 17 , 1790 ) was a Scottish political economist and moral philosopher .
eos 
eos Adolf_Hitler ( april 20 , 1889 - april 30 , 1945 ) was Chancellor of Germany from 1933 , and ` ` Führer '' ( leader ) of Germany from 1934 until
eos Adolf_Hitler ( april 20 , 1889 - april 30 , 1945 ) was Chancellor of Germany from 1933 , and ` ` Führer '' ( leader ) of Germany from 1934 until Adolf_Hitler death .
eos Adolf_Hitler ( april 20 , 1889 - april 30 , 1945 ) was Chancellor of Germany from 1933 , and ` ` Führer '' ( leader ) of Germany from 1934 until Adolf_Hitler death . Adolf_Hitler was leader of the National Socialist German Workers Party ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei or NSDAP ) , better known as the Nazi Party .
eos Adolf_Hitler was leader of the National Socialist German Workers Party ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei or NSDAP ) , better known as the Nazi Party . Adolf_Hitler gained power in a Germany facing crisis after World War I , using charismatic oratory and propaganda , appealing to economic need of the lower and middle classes , nationalism , anti - Semitism and anti - communism to establish a totalitarian or fascist dictatorship . With a restructured economy and rearmed military ,
eos With a restructured economy and rearmed military , Adolf_Hitler pursued an aggressive foreign policy with the intention of expanding German Lebensraum ( ` ` living space '' ) , which triggered World War II when Germany invaded Poland . At the height of its power , Nazi Germany occupied most of Europe , but it and the Axis Powers were eventually defeated by the Allies . By then ,
eos At the height of its power , Nazi Germany occupied most of Europe , but it and the Axis Powers were eventually defeated by the Allies . By then , Adolf_Hitler racial policies had culminated in a genocide of approximately eleven million people , including about six million Jews , in what is now known as the Holocaust . In the final days of the war ,
eos At the height of its power , Nazi Germany occupied most of Europe , but it and the Axis Powers were eventually defeated by the Allies . By then , Adolf_Hitler racial policies had culminated in a genocide of approximately eleven million people , including about six million Jews , in what is now known as the Holocaust . In the final days of the war , Adolf_Hitler committed suicide in
eos At the height of its power , Nazi Germany occupied most of Europe , but it and the Axis Powers were eventually defeated by the Allies . By then , Adolf_Hitler racial policies had culminated in a genocide of approximately eleven million people , including about six million Jews , in what is now known as the Holocaust . In the final days of the war , Adolf_Hitler committed suicide in Adolf_Hitler underground bunker in Berlin with
eos By then , Adolf_Hitler racial policies had culminated in a genocide of approximately eleven million people , including about six million Jews , in what is now known as the Holocaust . In the final days of the war , Adolf_Hitler committed suicide in Adolf_Hitler underground bunker in Berlin with Adolf_Hitler newlywed wife , Eva Braun . Since the end of World War II ,
eos By then , Adolf_Hitler racial policies had culminated in a genocide of approximately eleven million people , including about six million Jews , in what is now known as the Holocaust . In the final days of the war , Adolf_Hitler committed suicide in Adolf_Hitler underground bunker in Berlin with Adolf_Hitler newlywed wife , Eva Braun . Since the end of World War II , Adolf_Hitler has been regarded in most of the world as synonymous with evil , and portrayals of
eos 
eos Alain_Finkielkraut ( born in Paris on june 30 1949 ) is a French essayist , and only son of a Jewish Polish artisan manufacturing fine leather goods who was deported to Auschwitz .
eos Alain_Finkielkraut ( born in Paris on june 30 1949 ) is a French essayist , and only son of a Jewish Polish artisan manufacturing fine leather goods who was deported to Auschwitz . Alain_Finkielkraut currently teaches at the École polytechnique , an elite engineering college , as professor of the ` ` history of ideas '' in the department of humanities and social sciences . Author of a number of books ,
eos Alain_Finkielkraut ( born in Paris on june 30 1949 ) is a French essayist , and only son of a Jewish Polish artisan manufacturing fine leather goods who was deported to Auschwitz . Alain_Finkielkraut currently teaches at the École polytechnique , an elite engineering college , as professor of the ` ` history of ideas '' in the department of humanities and social sciences . Author of a number of books , Alain_Finkielkraut is among France 's cohort of public intellectuals who appear regularly on talk shows and publish columns in the French media , in
eos 
eos Alan_Turing , OBE ( june 23 , 1912 - june 7 , 1954 ) , was an English mathematician , logician , and cryptographer .
eos Alan_Turing , OBE ( june 23 , 1912 - june 7 , 1954 ) , was an English mathematician , logician , and cryptographer . Alan_Turing is often considered to be the father ! of modern computer science .
eos Alan_Turing is often considered to be the father ! of modern computer science . Alan_Turing provided an influential formalisation of the concept of the algorithm and computation with the Turing machine , formulating the now widely accepted ` ` Turing '' version of the Church - Turing thesis , namely that any practical computing model has either the equivalent or a subset of the capabilities of a Turing machine . With the Turing test ,
eos Alan_Turing provided an influential formalisation of the concept of the algorithm and computation with the Turing machine , formulating the now widely accepted ` ` Turing '' version of the Church - Turing thesis , namely that any practical computing model has either the equivalent or a subset of the capabilities of a Turing machine . With the Turing test , Alan_Turing made a significant and characteristically provocative contribution to the debate regarding artificial intelligence : whether it will ever be possible to say that a machine is conscious and can think . During World War II ,
eos With the Turing test , Alan_Turing made a significant and characteristically provocative contribution to the debate regarding artificial intelligence : whether it will ever be possible to say that a machine is conscious and can think . During World War II , Alan_Turing worked at Bletchley Park , Britain 's codebreaking centre , and Alan_Turing was for a time head of Hut 8 , the section responsible for German Naval cryptanalysis .
eos During World War II , Alan_Turing worked at Bletchley Park , Britain 's codebreaking centre , and Alan_Turing was for a time head of Hut 8 , the section responsible for German Naval cryptanalysis . Alan_Turing devised a number of techniques for breaking German ciphers , including the method of the bombe , an electromechanical machine which could find settings for the Enigma machine . After the war ,
eos Alan_Turing devised a number of techniques for breaking German ciphers , including the method of the bombe , an electromechanical machine which could find settings for the Enigma machine . After the war , Alan_Turing worked at the National Physical Laboratory , creating one of the first designs for a stored - program computer , although it was never actually built . In 1947
eos In 1947 Alan_Turing moved to the University of Manchester to work , largely on software , on the Manchester Mark I then emerging as one of the world 's earliest true computers . In 1952 ,
eos I then emerging as one of the world 's earliest true computers . In 1952 , Alan_Turing was convicted of ` ` acts of gross indecency '' after admitting to a sexual relationship with a man in Manchester .
eos In 1952 , Alan_Turing was convicted of ` ` acts of gross indecency '' after admitting to a sexual relationship with a man in Manchester . Alan_Turing was placed on probation and required to undergo hormone therapy .
eos In 1952 , Alan_Turing was convicted of ` ` acts of gross indecency '' after admitting to a sexual relationship with a man in Manchester . Alan_Turing was placed on probation and required to undergo hormone therapy . Alan_Turing died after eating an apple laced with cyanide in 1954 , sixteen days short of
eos Alan_Turing was placed on probation and required to undergo hormone therapy . Alan_Turing died after eating an apple laced with cyanide in 1954 , sixteen days short of Alan_Turing 42nd birthday .
eos 
eos Albert_Einstein ( German pronunciation ) ( march 14 , 1879 - april 18 , 1955 ) was a German - born theoretical physicist widely regarded as one of the greatest physicists of all time .
eos Albert_Einstein ( German pronunciation ) ( march 14 , 1879 - april 18 , 1955 ) was a German - born theoretical physicist widely regarded as one of the greatest physicists of all time . Albert_Einstein formulated the special and general theories of relativity . In addition ,
eos Albert_Einstein formulated the special and general theories of relativity . In addition , Albert_Einstein made significant advancements to quantum theory and statistical mechanics . While best known for the Theory of Relativity ( and specifically mass - energy equivalence , E = mc ^ 2 ) ,
eos Albert_Einstein formulated the special and general theories of relativity . In addition , Albert_Einstein made significant advancements to quantum theory and statistical mechanics . While best known for the Theory of Relativity ( and specifically mass - energy equivalence , E = mc ^ 2 ) , Albert_Einstein was awarded the 1921 Nobel Prize for Physics for
eos Albert_Einstein formulated the special and general theories of relativity . In addition , Albert_Einstein made significant advancements to quantum theory and statistical mechanics . While best known for the Theory of Relativity ( and specifically mass - energy equivalence , E = mc ^ 2 ) , Albert_Einstein was awarded the 1921 Nobel Prize for Physics for Albert_Einstein 1905 (
eos While best known for the Theory of Relativity ( and specifically mass - energy equivalence , E = mc ^ 2 ) , Albert_Einstein was awarded the 1921 Nobel Prize for Physics for Albert_Einstein 1905 ( Albert_Einstein ` ` wonderful year '' or ` ` miraculous year '' ) explanation of the photoelectric effect and ` ` for his services to Theoretical Physics '' . In popular culture , the name ` ` Einstein '' has become synonymous with great intelligence and genius . Among
eos While best known for the Theory of Relativity ( and specifically mass - energy equivalence , E = mc ^ 2 ) , Albert_Einstein was awarded the 1921 Nobel Prize for Physics for Albert_Einstein 1905 ( Albert_Einstein ` ` wonderful year '' or ` ` miraculous year '' ) explanation of the photoelectric effect and ` ` for his services to Theoretical Physics '' . In popular culture , the name ` ` Einstein '' has become synonymous with great intelligence and genius . Among Albert_Einstein many investigations were : capillary action ,
eos While best known for the Theory of Relativity ( and specifically mass - energy equivalence , E = mc ^ 2 ) , Albert_Einstein was awarded the 1921 Nobel Prize for Physics for Albert_Einstein 1905 ( Albert_Einstein ` ` wonderful year '' or ` ` miraculous year '' ) explanation of the photoelectric effect and ` ` for his services to Theoretical Physics '' . In popular culture , the name ` ` Einstein '' has become synonymous with great intelligence and genius . Among Albert_Einstein many investigations were : capillary action , Albert_Einstein special theory of relativity which stemmed from an attempt to reconcile the laws of mechanics with the laws of the electromagnetic field ,
eos 
eos Aleister_Crowley , born Edward Alexander Crowley , ( 12 october 1875 - 1 december 1947 ; the surname is pronounced / "" IPA : ` krəʊli "" / ie with the first syllable sounding like the bird ) was an English occultist , prolific writer , mystic , hedonist , aficionado of chess and mountain climbing , and sexual revolutionary .
eos Aleister_Crowley , born Edward Alexander Crowley , ( 12 october 1875 - 1 december 1947 ; the surname is pronounced / "" IPA : ` krəʊli "" / ie with the first syllable sounding like the bird ) was an English occultist , prolific writer , mystic , hedonist , aficionado of chess and mountain climbing , and sexual revolutionary . Aleister_Crowley claimed to be a Freemason , but the legitimacy of
eos Aleister_Crowley claimed to be a Freemason , but the legitimacy of Aleister_Crowley claims have been disputed . Other interests and accomplishments were wide - ranging -
eos Other interests and accomplishments were wide - ranging - Aleister_Crowley was a chess master , mountain climber , poet , painter , astrologer , drug experimenter , and social critic .
eos Other interests and accomplishments were wide - ranging - Aleister_Crowley was a chess master , mountain climber , poet , painter , astrologer , drug experimenter , and social critic . Aleister_Crowley is perhaps best known today for
eos Aleister_Crowley was a chess master , mountain climber , poet , painter , astrologer , drug experimenter , and social critic . Aleister_Crowley is perhaps best known today for Aleister_Crowley occult writings , especially The Book of the Law , the central sacred text of Thelema .
eos Aleister_Crowley is perhaps best known today for Aleister_Crowley occult writings , especially The Book of the Law , the central sacred text of Thelema . Aleister_Crowley was also an influential member in several occult organizations , including the Golden Dawn , the A ∴ A ∴ ( Argenteum Astrum ) , and Ordo Templi Orientis ( OTO ) .
eos Aleister_Crowley is perhaps best known today for Aleister_Crowley occult writings , especially The Book of the Law , the central sacred text of Thelema . Aleister_Crowley was also an influential member in several occult organizations , including the Golden Dawn , the A ∴ A ∴ ( Argenteum Astrum ) , and Ordo Templi Orientis ( OTO ) . Aleister_Crowley gained much notoriety during
eos 
eos Alexander_Fleming ( 6 august 1881 - 11 march 1955 ) was a Scottish biologist and pharmacologist .
eos Alexander_Fleming ( 6 august 1881 - 11 march 1955 ) was a Scottish biologist and pharmacologist . Alexander_Fleming published many articles on bacteriology , immunology , and chemotherapy .
eos Alexander_Fleming ( 6 august 1881 - 11 march 1955 ) was a Scottish biologist and pharmacologist . Alexander_Fleming published many articles on bacteriology , immunology , and chemotherapy . Alexander_Fleming best - known achievements are the discovery of the enzyme lysozyme in 1922 and isolation of the antibiotic substance penicillin from the fungus Penicillium notatum in 1928 , for which
eos 
eos Alexander_Graham_Bell ( march 3 , 1847 - august 2 , 1922 ) was a Scottish scientist and inventor
eos Alexander_Graham_Bell ( march 3 , 1847 - august 2 , 1922 ) was a Scottish scientist and inventor Alexander_Graham_Bell emigrated to Canada . Today ,
eos Alexander_Graham_Bell ( march 3 , 1847 - august 2 , 1922 ) was a Scottish scientist and inventor Alexander_Graham_Bell emigrated to Canada . Today , Alexander_Graham_Bell is widely considered as one of the foremost developers of the telephone , together with Antonio Meucci , inventor of the first telephone prototype , and Philipp Reis . Six years after having obtained
eos Alexander_Graham_Bell ( march 3 , 1847 - august 2 , 1922 ) was a Scottish scientist and inventor Alexander_Graham_Bell emigrated to Canada . Today , Alexander_Graham_Bell is widely considered as one of the foremost developers of the telephone , together with Antonio Meucci , inventor of the first telephone prototype , and Philipp Reis . Six years after having obtained Alexander_Graham_Bell telephone patent
eos Today , Alexander_Graham_Bell is widely considered as one of the foremost developers of the telephone , together with Antonio Meucci , inventor of the first telephone prototype , and Philipp Reis . Six years after having obtained Alexander_Graham_Bell telephone patent Alexander_Graham_Bell became a naturalized citizen of the United States . In addition to
eos Today , Alexander_Graham_Bell is widely considered as one of the foremost developers of the telephone , together with Antonio Meucci , inventor of the first telephone prototype , and Philipp Reis . Six years after having obtained Alexander_Graham_Bell telephone patent Alexander_Graham_Bell became a naturalized citizen of the United States . In addition to Alexander_Graham_Bell work in telecommunications technology ,
eos 
eos Ali_Mazrui ( born february 24 1933 in Mombasa , Kenya ) is a world - renowned academic and political writer on African and Islamic studies .
eos Ali_Mazrui ( born february 24 1933 in Mombasa , Kenya ) is a world - renowned academic and political writer on African and Islamic studies . Ali_Mazrui views are broadly similar to many other Anglophile Muslims such as India 's Syed Ali Khan .
eos Ali_Mazrui ( born february 24 1933 in Mombasa , Kenya ) is a world - renowned academic and political writer on African and Islamic studies . Ali_Mazrui views are broadly similar to many other Anglophile Muslims such as India 's Syed Ali Khan . Ali_Mazrui obtained
eos Ali_Mazrui ( born february 24 1933 in Mombasa , Kenya ) is a world - renowned academic and political writer on African and Islamic studies . Ali_Mazrui views are broadly similar to many other Anglophile Muslims such as India 's Syed Ali Khan . Ali_Mazrui obtained Ali_Mazrui BA with Distinction from Manchester University in Great Britain ,
eos Ali_Mazrui ( born february 24 1933 in Mombasa , Kenya ) is a world - renowned academic and political writer on African and Islamic studies . Ali_Mazrui views are broadly similar to many other Anglophile Muslims such as India 's Syed Ali Khan . Ali_Mazrui obtained Ali_Mazrui BA with Distinction from Manchester University in Great Britain , Ali_Mazrui MA from Columbia University in New York , and
eos Ali_Mazrui views are broadly similar to many other Anglophile Muslims such as India 's Syed Ali Khan . Ali_Mazrui obtained Ali_Mazrui BA with Distinction from Manchester University in Great Britain , Ali_Mazrui MA from Columbia University in New York , and Ali_Mazrui doctorate from Oxford University . Upon completing
eos Ali_Mazrui views are broadly similar to many other Anglophile Muslims such as India 's Syed Ali Khan . Ali_Mazrui obtained Ali_Mazrui BA with Distinction from Manchester University in Great Britain , Ali_Mazrui MA from Columbia University in New York , and Ali_Mazrui doctorate from Oxford University . Upon completing Ali_Mazrui education at Oxford University ,
eos Ali_Mazrui views are broadly similar to many other Anglophile Muslims such as India 's Syed Ali Khan . Ali_Mazrui obtained Ali_Mazrui BA with Distinction from Manchester University in Great Britain , Ali_Mazrui MA from Columbia University in New York , and Ali_Mazrui doctorate from Oxford University . Upon completing Ali_Mazrui education at Oxford University , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of Makerere University ( Kampala , Uganda ) , where
eos Ali_Mazrui obtained Ali_Mazrui BA with Distinction from Manchester University in Great Britain , Ali_Mazrui MA from Columbia University in New York , and Ali_Mazrui doctorate from Oxford University . Upon completing Ali_Mazrui education at Oxford University , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of Makerere University ( Kampala , Uganda ) , where Ali_Mazrui served as head of the Department of Political Science and Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences .
eos Ali_Mazrui obtained Ali_Mazrui BA with Distinction from Manchester University in Great Britain , Ali_Mazrui MA from Columbia University in New York , and Ali_Mazrui doctorate from Oxford University . Upon completing Ali_Mazrui education at Oxford University , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of Makerere University ( Kampala , Uganda ) , where Ali_Mazrui served as head of the Department of Political Science and Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences . Ali_Mazrui served at Makerere University until 1973 , when
eos Upon completing Ali_Mazrui education at Oxford University , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of Makerere University ( Kampala , Uganda ) , where Ali_Mazrui served as head of the Department of Political Science and Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences . Ali_Mazrui served at Makerere University until 1973 , when Ali_Mazrui was forced into exile by Idi Amin . In 1974 ,
eos Ali_Mazrui served at Makerere University until 1973 , when Ali_Mazrui was forced into exile by Idi Amin . In 1974 , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of the University of Michigan as professor and later Ali_Mazrui was appointed the Director of the Center for Afroamerican and African Studies ( 1978 - 198l ) . In 1989 ,
eos In 1974 , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of the University of Michigan as professor and later Ali_Mazrui was appointed the Director of the Center for Afroamerican and African Studies ( 1978 - 198l ) . In 1989 , Ali_Mazrui was appointed to the faculty of Binghamton University , State University of New York as the Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies ( IGCS ) . In addition to
eos In 1974 , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of the University of Michigan as professor and later Ali_Mazrui was appointed the Director of the Center for Afroamerican and African Studies ( 1978 - 198l ) . In 1989 , Ali_Mazrui was appointed to the faculty of Binghamton University , State University of New York as the Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies ( IGCS ) . In addition to Ali_Mazrui appointments as the Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities , Professor in Political Science , African Studies , Philosophy , Interpretation and Culture and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies ( IGCS ) ,
eos In 1989 , Ali_Mazrui was appointed to the faculty of Binghamton University , State University of New York as the Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies ( IGCS ) . In addition to Ali_Mazrui appointments as the Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities , Professor in Political Science , African Studies , Philosophy , Interpretation and Culture and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies ( IGCS ) , Ali_Mazrui also holds three concurrent faculty appointments as Albert Luthuli Professor - at - Large in the Humanities and Development Studies at the University of Jos in Nigeria , Andrew D White Professor - at - Large Emeritus and Senior Scholar in Africana Studies at Cornell University and Chancellor of the Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology , Nairobi , Kenya . In 1999 ,
eos In addition to Ali_Mazrui appointments as the Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities , Professor in Political Science , African Studies , Philosophy , Interpretation and Culture and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies ( IGCS ) , Ali_Mazrui also holds three concurrent faculty appointments as Albert Luthuli Professor - at - Large in the Humanities and Development Studies at the University of Jos in Nigeria , Andrew D White Professor - at - Large Emeritus and Senior Scholar in Africana Studies at Cornell University and Chancellor of the Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology , Nairobi , Kenya . In 1999 , Ali_Mazrui retired as the inaugural Walter Rodney Professor at the University of Guyana , Georgetown , Guyana .
eos In 1999 , Ali_Mazrui retired as the inaugural Walter Rodney Professor at the University of Guyana , Georgetown , Guyana . Ali_Mazrui has also been a Visiting Scholar at Stanford University , The University of Chicago , Colgate University , McGill University , National University of Singapore , Oxford University , Harvard University , Bridgewater State College , Ohio State University , and at other institutions in Cairo , Australia , Leeds , Nairobi , Teheran , Denver , London , Baghdad , and Sussex amongst others . In addition to
eos In 1999 , Ali_Mazrui retired as the inaugural Walter Rodney Professor at the University of Guyana , Georgetown , Guyana . Ali_Mazrui has also been a Visiting Scholar at Stanford University , The University of Chicago , Colgate University , McGill University , National University of Singapore , Oxford University , Harvard University , Bridgewater State College , Ohio State University , and at other institutions in Cairo , Australia , Leeds , Nairobi , Teheran , Denver , London , Baghdad , and Sussex amongst others . In addition to Ali_Mazrui academic appointments ,
eos Ali_Mazrui has also been a Visiting Scholar at Stanford University , The University of Chicago , Colgate University , McGill University , National University of Singapore , Oxford University , Harvard University , Bridgewater State College , Ohio State University , and at other institutions in Cairo , Australia , Leeds , Nairobi , Teheran , Denver , London , Baghdad , and Sussex amongst others . In addition to Ali_Mazrui academic appointments , Ali_Mazrui has also served as President of the African Studies Association ( USA ) and as Vice - President of the International Political Science Association and Ali_Mazrui has also served as Special Advisor to the World Bank .
eos 
eos অমর্ত্য কুমার সেন "" Ômorto Kumar Shen ) ( born 3 november 1933 in Santiniketan , India ) , is an economist and a winner of the Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences ( ` ` Nobel Prize for Economics '' ) in 1998 , for
eos ( born 3 november 1933 in Santiniketan , India ) , is an economist and a winner of the Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences ( ` ` Nobel Prize for Economics '' ) in 1998 , for Amartya_Sen work on famine , human development theory , welfare economics , the underlying mechanisms of poverty , and political liberalism . From 1998 to 2004
eos From 1998 to 2004 Amartya_Sen was Master of Trinity College at Cambridge University , becoming the first Asian academic to head an Oxbridge college .
eos Amartya_Sen was Master of Trinity College at Cambridge University , becoming the first Asian academic to head an Oxbridge college . Amartya_Sen is interested in the debate over globalization .
eos Amartya_Sen was Master of Trinity College at Cambridge University , becoming the first Asian academic to head an Oxbridge college . Amartya_Sen is interested in the debate over globalization . Amartya_Sen has given lectures to senior executives of the World Bank and
eos Amartya_Sen is interested in the debate over globalization . Amartya_Sen has given lectures to senior executives of the World Bank and Amartya_Sen is honorary president of Oxfam . Among
eos Amartya_Sen is interested in the debate over globalization . Amartya_Sen has given lectures to senior executives of the World Bank and Amartya_Sen is honorary president of Oxfam . Among Amartya_Sen many contributions to development economics ,
eos Amartya_Sen is interested in the debate over globalization . Amartya_Sen has given lectures to senior executives of the World Bank and Amartya_Sen is honorary president of Oxfam . Among Amartya_Sen many contributions to development economics , Amartya_Sen has produced work on gender inequality , exemplified by
eos Amartya_Sen has given lectures to senior executives of the World Bank and Amartya_Sen is honorary president of Oxfam . Among Amartya_Sen many contributions to development economics , Amartya_Sen has produced work on gender inequality , exemplified by Amartya_Sen general use of female pronouns when referring to an abstract person .
eos Among Amartya_Sen many contributions to development economics , Amartya_Sen has produced work on gender inequality , exemplified by Amartya_Sen general use of female pronouns when referring to an abstract person . Amartya_Sen is currently the Lamont University Professor at Harvard University .
eos 
eos Amos_Oz ( "" Hebrew : עמוס עוז "" ; born May 4 , 1939 ) , birth name Amos Klausner , is an Israeli writer , novelist , and journalist .
eos ( "" Hebrew : עמוס עוז "" ; born May 4 , 1939 ) , birth name Amos Klausner , is an Israeli writer , novelist , and journalist . Amos_Oz is also a professor of literature at Ben - Gurion University in Be'er Sheva . Since 1967 ,
eos 
eos Aneurin_Bevan , usually known as Nye Bevan ( november 15 , 1897 - july 6 , 1960 ) was a Welsh Labour politician and a socialist .
eos 
eos Anthony_Giddens , Baron Giddens ( born january 18 , 1938 ) is a British sociologist
eos Anthony_Giddens , Baron Giddens ( born january 18 , 1938 ) is a British sociologist Anthony_Giddens is renowned for
eos Anthony_Giddens , Baron Giddens ( born january 18 , 1938 ) is a British sociologist Anthony_Giddens is renowned for Anthony_Giddens theory of structuration and
eos Anthony_Giddens , Baron Giddens ( born january 18 , 1938 ) is a British sociologist Anthony_Giddens is renowned for Anthony_Giddens theory of structuration and Anthony_Giddens holistic view of modern societies .
eos Anthony_Giddens , Baron Giddens ( born january 18 , 1938 ) is a British sociologist Anthony_Giddens is renowned for Anthony_Giddens theory of structuration and Anthony_Giddens holistic view of modern societies . Anthony_Giddens is considered to be one of the most prominent modern contributors in the field of sociology , the author of at least 34 books , published in at least 29 languages , issuing on average more than one book every year .
eos Anthony_Giddens is considered to be one of the most prominent modern contributors in the field of sociology , the author of at least 34 books , published in at least 29 languages , issuing on average more than one book every year . Anthony_Giddens has been described as Britain 's best known social scientist since John Maynard Keynes . Three notable stages can be identified in
eos Three notable stages can be identified in Anthony_Giddens academic life . The first one involved outlining a new vision of what sociology is , presenting a theoretical and methodological understanding of that field , based on a critical reinterpretation of the classics .
eos The first one involved outlining a new vision of what sociology is , presenting a theoretical and methodological understanding of that field , based on a critical reinterpretation of the classics . Anthony_Giddens major publications of that era include Capitalism and Modern Social Theory ( 1971 ) and New Rules of Sociological Method ( 1976 ) . In the second stage
eos Anthony_Giddens major publications of that era include Capitalism and Modern Social Theory ( 1971 ) and New Rules of Sociological Method ( 1976 ) . In the second stage Anthony_Giddens developed the theory of structuration , an analysis of agency and structure , in which primacy is granted to neither .
eos Anthony_Giddens major publications of that era include Capitalism and Modern Social Theory ( 1971 ) and New Rules of Sociological Method ( 1976 ) . In the second stage Anthony_Giddens developed the theory of structuration , an analysis of agency and structure , in which primacy is granted to neither . Anthony_Giddens works of that period , like Central Problems in Social Theory ( 1979 ) and The Constitution of Society ( 1984 ) brought
eos Anthony_Giddens works of that period , like Central Problems in Social Theory ( 1979 ) and The Constitution of Society ( 1984 ) brought Anthony_Giddens international fame on the sociological arena . The most recent stage concerns modernity , globalization and politics , especially the impact of modernity on social and personal life . This stage is reflected by
eos This stage is reflected by Anthony_Giddens critique of postmodernity , and discussions of a new ` ` utopian - realist '' third way in politics , visible in the Consequence of Modernity ( 1990 ) , Modernity and Self - Identity ( 1991 ) , The Transformation of Intimacy ( 1992 ) , Beyond Left and Right ( 1994 ) and The Third Way : The Renewal of Social Democracy ( 1998 ) .
eos The Renewal of Social Democracy ( 1998 ) . Anthony_Giddens ambition is both to recast social theory and to re - examine our understanding of the development and trajectory of modernity . It is not clear , however , that
eos Anthony_Giddens ambition is both to recast social theory and to re - examine our understanding of the development and trajectory of modernity . It is not clear , however , that Anthony_Giddens theories have had any beneficial impact on social research .
eos 
eos Antoine_Lavoisier ( august 26 1743 - May 8 1794 ) the ` ` father of modern chemistry , '' was a French nobleman prominent in the histories of chemistry , finance , biology , and economics .
eos Antoine_Lavoisier disproved the phlogiston theory , Antoine_Lavoisier introduced the Metric system , Antoine_Lavoisier invented the first periodic table including 33 elements , and Antoine_Lavoisier helped to reform chemical nomenclature .
eos , Antoine_Lavoisier invented the first periodic table including 33 elements , and Antoine_Lavoisier helped to reform chemical nomenclature . Antoine_Lavoisier was also an investor and administrator of the ` ` Ferme Générale , '' a private tax collection company ; chairman of the board of the Discount Bank ( later the Banque de France ) ; and a powerful member of a number of other aristocratic administrative councils . Due to
eos , Antoine_Lavoisier invented the first periodic table including 33 elements , and Antoine_Lavoisier helped to reform chemical nomenclature . Antoine_Lavoisier was also an investor and administrator of the ` ` Ferme Générale , '' a private tax collection company ; chairman of the board of the Discount Bank ( later the Banque de France ) ; and a powerful member of a number of other aristocratic administrative councils . Due to Antoine_Lavoisier prominence in the pre - revolutionary government in France ,
eos , Antoine_Lavoisier invented the first periodic table including 33 elements , and Antoine_Lavoisier helped to reform chemical nomenclature . Antoine_Lavoisier was also an investor and administrator of the ` ` Ferme Générale , '' a private tax collection company ; chairman of the board of the Discount Bank ( later the Banque de France ) ; and a powerful member of a number of other aristocratic administrative councils . Due to Antoine_Lavoisier prominence in the pre - revolutionary government in France , Antoine_Lavoisier was beheaded at the height of the French Revolution , instructing
eos , Antoine_Lavoisier invented the first periodic table including 33 elements , and Antoine_Lavoisier helped to reform chemical nomenclature . Antoine_Lavoisier was also an investor and administrator of the ` ` Ferme Générale , '' a private tax collection company ; chairman of the board of the Discount Bank ( later the Banque de France ) ; and a powerful member of a number of other aristocratic administrative councils . Due to Antoine_Lavoisier prominence in the pre - revolutionary government in France , Antoine_Lavoisier was beheaded at the height of the French Revolution , instructing Antoine_Lavoisier assistant to count the number of words
eos 
eos Antonio_Negri ( born august 1 , 1933 ) is an Italian moral and political philosopher , and a former political inmate .
eos Antonio_Negri ( born august 1 , 1933 ) is an Italian moral and political philosopher , and a former political inmate . Antonio_Negri is perhaps best - known for
eos Antonio_Negri ( born august 1 , 1933 ) is an Italian moral and political philosopher , and a former political inmate . Antonio_Negri is perhaps best - known for Antonio_Negri co - authorship of Empire and
eos Antonio_Negri ( born august 1 , 1933 ) is an Italian moral and political philosopher , and a former political inmate . Antonio_Negri is perhaps best - known for Antonio_Negri co - authorship of Empire and Antonio_Negri work on Spinoza . Born in Padua ,
eos Antonio_Negri ( born august 1 , 1933 ) is an Italian moral and political philosopher , and a former political inmate . Antonio_Negri is perhaps best - known for Antonio_Negri co - authorship of Empire and Antonio_Negri work on Spinoza . Born in Padua , Antonio_Negri became a political philosophy professor in
eos Antonio_Negri is perhaps best - known for Antonio_Negri co - authorship of Empire and Antonio_Negri work on Spinoza . Born in Padua , Antonio_Negri became a political philosophy professor in Antonio_Negri hometown university .
eos Born in Padua , Antonio_Negri became a political philosophy professor in Antonio_Negri hometown university . Antonio_Negri founded Potere Operaio ( Worker Power ) group in 1969 and Antonio_Negri was a leading member of the Autonomia Marxist group . Accused in the early 1980s of being the mastermind behind the May 1978 assassination of Aldo Moro , leader of Christian - Democrat Party ,
eos Antonio_Negri founded Potere Operaio ( Worker Power ) group in 1969 and Antonio_Negri was a leading member of the Autonomia Marxist group . Accused in the early 1980s of being the mastermind behind the May 1978 assassination of Aldo Moro , leader of Christian - Democrat Party , Antonio_Negri was later cleared of any links with the Red Brigades who had carried out Moro 's kidnapping .
eos Accused in the early 1980s of being the mastermind behind the May 1978 assassination of Aldo Moro , leader of Christian - Democrat Party , Antonio_Negri was later cleared of any links with the Red Brigades who had carried out Moro 's kidnapping . Antonio_Negri was , however , sentenced to a long - term prison sentence on controversial charges of ` ` association and insurrection against the state . ''
eos Antonio_Negri was , however , sentenced to a long - term prison sentence on controversial charges of ` ` association and insurrection against the state . '' Antonio_Negri went into exile in France and Antonio_Negri taught at the Université de Vincennes ( Paris - VIII ) and the Collège International de Philosophie , along with Jacques Derrida , Michel Foucault and Gilles Deleuze . In 1997 ,
eos Antonio_Negri was , however , sentenced to a long - term prison sentence on controversial charges of ` ` association and insurrection against the state . '' Antonio_Negri went into exile in France and Antonio_Negri taught at the Université de Vincennes ( Paris - VIII ) and the Collège International de Philosophie , along with Jacques Derrida , Michel Foucault and Gilles Deleuze . In 1997 , Antonio_Negri voluntarily returned to Italy to serve the end of
eos Antonio_Negri went into exile in France and Antonio_Negri taught at the Université de Vincennes ( Paris - VIII ) and the Collège International de Philosophie , along with Jacques Derrida , Michel Foucault and Gilles Deleuze . In 1997 , Antonio_Negri voluntarily returned to Italy to serve the end of Antonio_Negri sentence .
eos Antonio_Negri went into exile in France and Antonio_Negri taught at the Université de Vincennes ( Paris - VIII ) and the Collège International de Philosophie , along with Jacques Derrida , Michel Foucault and Gilles Deleuze . In 1997 , Antonio_Negri voluntarily returned to Italy to serve the end of Antonio_Negri sentence . Antonio_Negri now divides
eos 
eos ( Greek : Ἀρχιμήδης ) ( c. 287 BC - 212 BC ) was an ancient Greek mathematician , physicist , engineer , astronomer , and philosopher born in the seaport colony of Syracuse , Magna Graecia , what is now Sicily . Many consider
eos ( c. 287 BC - 212 BC ) was an ancient Greek mathematician , physicist , engineer , astronomer , and philosopher born in the seaport colony of Syracuse , Magna Graecia , what is now Sicily . Many consider Archimedes one of the greatest , if not the greatest , mathematicians in antiquity . Carl Friedrich Gauss , himself frequently called the most influential mathematician of all time , modestly claimed that
eos Many consider Archimedes one of the greatest , if not the greatest , mathematicians in antiquity . Carl Friedrich Gauss , himself frequently called the most influential mathematician of all time , modestly claimed that Archimedes was one of the three epoch - making mathematicians ( the others being Isaac Newton and Ferdinand Eisenstein ) . Apart from
eos Many consider Archimedes one of the greatest , if not the greatest , mathematicians in antiquity . Carl Friedrich Gauss , himself frequently called the most influential mathematician of all time , modestly claimed that Archimedes was one of the three epoch - making mathematicians ( the others being Isaac Newton and Ferdinand Eisenstein ) . Apart from Archimedes fundamental theoretical contributions to math ,
eos Carl Friedrich Gauss , himself frequently called the most influential mathematician of all time , modestly claimed that Archimedes was one of the three epoch - making mathematicians ( the others being Isaac Newton and Ferdinand Eisenstein ) . Apart from Archimedes fundamental theoretical contributions to math , Archimedes also shaped the fields of physics and practical engineering , and Archimedes has been called ` ` the greatest scientist ever '' .
eos Apart from Archimedes fundamental theoretical contributions to math , Archimedes also shaped the fields of physics and practical engineering , and Archimedes has been called ` ` the greatest scientist ever '' . Archimedes was a relative of the Hiero monarchy , which was the ruling family of Syracuse ( Saracussia ) , a seaport kingdom . King Hiero II , who was rumored to be
eos Apart from Archimedes fundamental theoretical contributions to math , Archimedes also shaped the fields of physics and practical engineering , and Archimedes has been called ` ` the greatest scientist ever '' . Archimedes was a relative of the Hiero monarchy , which was the ruling family of Syracuse ( Saracussia ) , a seaport kingdom . King Hiero II , who was rumored to be Archimedes uncle , commissioned
eos King Hiero II , who was rumored to be Archimedes uncle , commissioned Archimedes to design and fabricate a new class of ships for his navy , which were crucial for the preservation of the ruling class in Syracuse . Hiero II had promised large caches of grain to the Romans in the north in return for peace . Faced with war when unable to present the promised amount , Hiero II commissioned
eos Hiero II had promised large caches of grain to the Romans in the north in return for peace . Faced with war when unable to present the promised amount , Hiero II commissioned Archimedes to develop a large luxury / supply / war barge in order to serve the changing requirements of his navy . It is rumored that the Archimedes Screw was actually an invention of happenstance , as
eos There is no record on foundry art , nor any other period pieces depicting its creation . It is solely substaintiated by a description from Plato , who said ` ` it was the grandest equation ever to sail . ''
eos There is no record on foundry art , nor any other period pieces depicting its creation . It is solely substaintiated by a description from Plato , who said ` ` it was the grandest equation ever to sail . '' Archimedes is credited with many inventions and discoveries , some of which we still use today , like
eos It is solely substaintiated by a description from Plato , who said ` ` it was the grandest equation ever to sail . '' Archimedes is credited with many inventions and discoveries , some of which we still use today , like Archimedes Archimedes screw .
eos It is solely substaintiated by a description from Plato , who said ` ` it was the grandest equation ever to sail . '' Archimedes is credited with many inventions and discoveries , some of which we still use today , like Archimedes Archimedes screw . Archimedes was famous for
eos Archimedes is credited with many inventions and discoveries , some of which we still use today , like Archimedes Archimedes screw . Archimedes was famous for Archimedes compound pulley , a system of pulleys used to lift heavy loads such as ships .
eos Archimedes is credited with many inventions and discoveries , some of which we still use today , like Archimedes Archimedes screw . Archimedes was famous for Archimedes compound pulley , a system of pulleys used to lift heavy loads such as ships . Archimedes made several war machines for
eos Archimedes was famous for Archimedes compound pulley , a system of pulleys used to lift heavy loads such as ships . Archimedes made several war machines for Archimedes patron and friend Hiero II .
eos Archimedes made several war machines for Archimedes patron and friend Hiero II . Archimedes did a lot of work in geometry , which included finding the surface areas and volumes of solids accurately . The work that has made
eos Archimedes made several war machines for Archimedes patron and friend Hiero II . Archimedes did a lot of work in geometry , which included finding the surface areas and volumes of solids accurately . The work that has made Archimedes famous is
eos Archimedes did a lot of work in geometry , which included finding the surface areas and volumes of solids accurately . The work that has made Archimedes famous is Archimedes theory of floating bodies .
eos 
eos Ἀριστοτέλης Aristotélēs ) ( 384 BC - march 7 , 322 BC ) was an ancient Greek philosopher , a student of Plato and teacher of Alexander the Great .
eos ( 384 BC - march 7 , 322 BC ) was an ancient Greek philosopher , a student of Plato and teacher of Alexander the Great . Aristotle wrote on diverse subjects , including physics , poetry , biology and zoology , logic , rhetoric , politics and government , and ethics . Along with Socrates and Plato ,
eos Along with Socrates and Plato , Aristotle was one of the most influential of ancient Greek philosophers . They transformed Presocratic Greek philosophy into the foundations of Western philosophy as we know it . Some consider Plato and
eos They transformed Presocratic Greek philosophy into the foundations of Western philosophy as we know it . Some consider Plato and Aristotle to have founded two of the most important schools of Ancient philosophy ; others consider Aristotelianism as a development and concretization of Plato 's insights . Although
eos Although Aristotle wrote dialogues , only fragments of these have survived . The works that have survived are in treatise form and were , for the most part , unpublished texts . These are generally thought to be lecture notes or texts used by
eos Among the most important are Physics , Metaphysics ( or Ontology ) , Nicomachean Ethics , Politics , De Anima ( On the Soul ) and Poetics . These works , although connected in many fundamental ways , differ significantly in both style and substance .
eos These works , although connected in many fundamental ways , differ significantly in both style and substance . Aristotle was a polymath .
eos Aristotle not only studied almost every subject possible at the time , but Aristotle made significant contributions to most of them . In science ,
eos not only studied almost every subject possible at the time , but Aristotle made significant contributions to most of them . In science , Aristotle studied anatomy , astronomy , economics , embryology , geography , geology , meteorology , physics , and zoology . In philosophy ,
eos In science , Aristotle studied anatomy , astronomy , economics , embryology , geography , geology , meteorology , physics , and zoology . In philosophy , Aristotle wrote on aesthetics , ethics , government , metaphysics , politics , psychology , rhetoric and theology .
eos In philosophy , Aristotle wrote on aesthetics , ethics , government , metaphysics , politics , psychology , rhetoric and theology . Aristotle also dealt with education , foreign customs , literature and poetry .
eos 
eos Arthur_Currie , GCMG , KCB ( december 5 , 1875 - november 30 , 1933 ) was the first Canadian commander of the Canadian Expeditionary Force ( a corps of four divisions ) on the Western Front during World War I
eos Arthur_Currie , GCMG , KCB ( december 5 , 1875 - november 30 , 1933 ) was the first Canadian commander of the Canadian Expeditionary Force ( a corps of four divisions ) on the Western Front during World War I Arthur_Currie was among the most successful generals of the war ;
eos Arthur_Currie , GCMG , KCB ( december 5 , 1875 - november 30 , 1933 ) was the first Canadian commander of the Canadian Expeditionary Force ( a corps of four divisions ) on the Western Front during World War I Arthur_Currie was among the most successful generals of the war ; Arthur_Currie is still considered one of the finest commanders in Canadian military history . Under
eos 
eos Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington , 1st Duke of Wellington , KG , GCB , GCH , PC , FRS ( c. 1 May , 1769 - 14 september , 1852 ) was an Irish - born British soldier and statesman , widely considered one of the leading military and political figures of the 19th century . Commissioned an ensign in the British Army ,
eos c. 1 May , 1769 - 14 september , 1852 ) was an Irish - born British soldier and statesman , widely considered one of the leading military and political figures of the 19th century . Commissioned an ensign in the British Army , Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington rose to prominence in the Napoleonic Wars , eventually reaching the rank of field marshal . As a general
eos c. 1 May , 1769 - 14 september , 1852 ) was an Irish - born British soldier and statesman , widely considered one of the leading military and political figures of the 19th century . Commissioned an ensign in the British Army , Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington rose to prominence in the Napoleonic Wars , eventually reaching the rank of field marshal . As a general Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington is often compared to the 1st Duke of Marlborough , with whom
eos Commissioned an ensign in the British Army , Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington rose to prominence in the Napoleonic Wars , eventually reaching the rank of field marshal . As a general Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington is often compared to the 1st Duke of Marlborough , with whom Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington shared many characteristics , chiefly a transition to politics after a highly successful military career .
eos Commissioned an ensign in the British Army , Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington rose to prominence in the Napoleonic Wars , eventually reaching the rank of field marshal . As a general Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington is often compared to the 1st Duke of Marlborough , with whom Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington shared many characteristics , chiefly a transition to politics after a highly successful military career . Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington served as a Tory Prime Minister of the United Kingdom on two separate occasions , and Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington was one of the leading figures in the House of Lords until
eos 
eos অরুন্ধতী রায় Orundhoti Rae , Hindi : अरुंधती राय Arundhatī Rāy ) ( born november 24 , 1961 ) is an Indian novelist , activist .
eos অরুন্ধতী রায় Orundhoti Rae , Hindi : अरुंधती राय Arundhatī Rāy ) ( born november 24 , 1961 ) is an Indian novelist , activist . Arundhati_Roy won the Booker Prize in 1997 for
eos রায় Orundhoti Rae , Hindi : अरुंधती राय Arundhatī Rāy ) ( born november 24 , 1961 ) is an Indian novelist , activist . Arundhati_Roy won the Booker Prize in 1997 for Arundhati_Roy first novel The God of Small Things .
eos Arundhati_Roy won the Booker Prize in 1997 for Arundhati_Roy first novel The God of Small Things . Arundhati_Roy was born in Assam to a Keralite Syrian Christian mother , the women 's rights activist Mary Roy , and a Bengali Hindu father , a tea planter by profession .
eos Arundhati_Roy won the Booker Prize in 1997 for Arundhati_Roy first novel The God of Small Things . Arundhati_Roy was born in Assam to a Keralite Syrian Christian mother , the women 's rights activist Mary Roy , and a Bengali Hindu father , a tea planter by profession . Arundhati_Roy spent
eos Arundhati_Roy was born in Assam to a Keralite Syrian Christian mother , the women 's rights activist Mary Roy , and a Bengali Hindu father , a tea planter by profession . Arundhati_Roy spent Arundhati_Roy childhood in Aymanam in Kerala , and Arundhati_Roy went to school in Corpus Christi . Arundhati_Roy then studied architecture at the Delhi School of Architecture , where Arundhati_Roy met
eos Arundhati_Roy was born in Assam to a Keralite Syrian Christian mother , the women 's rights activist Mary Roy , and a Bengali Hindu father , a tea planter by profession . Arundhati_Roy spent Arundhati_Roy childhood in Aymanam in Kerala , and Arundhati_Roy went to school in Corpus Christi .
eos Arundhati_Roy was born in Assam to a Keralite Syrian Christian mother , the women 's rights activist Mary Roy , and a Bengali Hindu father , a tea planter by profession . Arundhati_Roy spent Arundhati_Roy childhood in Aymanam in Kerala , and Arundhati_Roy went to school in Corpus Christi . Arundhati_Roy then studied architecture at the Delhi School of Architecture , where
eos Arundhati_Roy spent Arundhati_Roy childhood in Aymanam in Kerala , and Arundhati_Roy went to school in Corpus Christi . Arundhati_Roy then studied architecture at the Delhi School of Architecture , where Arundhati_Roy met Arundhati_Roy first husband , architect Gerard Da Cunha .
eos 
eos ( Imperial Title : ` ` Devanampiya Piyadassi '' ie ` ` He who is the beloved of the Gods who , in turn is his loving servant '' ) was the ruler of the Maurya Empire from 273 BC to 232 BC . After a number of military conquests ,
eos ` ` He who is the beloved of the Gods who , in turn is his loving servant '' ) was the ruler of the Maurya Empire from 273 BC to 232 BC . After a number of military conquests , Ashoka_the_Great reigned over most of South Asia and beyond , from present - day Afghanistan and parts of Persia in the west , to Bengal and Assam in the east , and as far south as Mysore . A later convert to Buddhism ,
eos A later convert to Buddhism , Ashoka_the_Great established monuments marking several significant sites in the life of Shakyamuni Buddha , and according to Buddhist tradition Ashoka_the_Great was closely involved in the preservation and transmission of Buddhism . The name ` ` Ashoka '' means ` ` without sorrow '' in Sanskrit . In
eos A later convert to Buddhism , Ashoka_the_Great established monuments marking several significant sites in the life of Shakyamuni Buddha , and according to Buddhist tradition Ashoka_the_Great was closely involved in the preservation and transmission of Buddhism . The name ` ` Ashoka '' means ` ` without sorrow '' in Sanskrit . In Ashoka_the_Great edicts
eos The name ` ` Ashoka '' means ` ` without sorrow '' in Sanskrit . In Ashoka_the_Great edicts Ashoka_the_Great is referred to as ` ` Devaanaampriya '' or ` ` The Beloved Of The Gods of heaven '' . HG Wells wrote of
eos They shone for a brief moment , and as quickly disappeared . But Ashoka shines and shines brightly like a bright star , even unto this day . ''
eos 
eos Audrey_Hepburn ( May 4 , 1929 - january 20 , 1993 ) was an Academy Award - winning actress , fashion model , and humanitarian . Raised under Nazi rule during World War II ,
eos Audrey_Hepburn ( May 4 , 1929 - january 20 , 1993 ) was an Academy Award - winning actress , fashion model , and humanitarian . Raised under Nazi rule during World War II , Audrey_Hepburn trained extensively to become a ballerina , before deciding to pursue acting .
eos Audrey_Hepburn ( May 4 , 1929 - january 20 , 1993 ) was an Academy Award - winning actress , fashion model , and humanitarian . Raised under Nazi rule during World War II , Audrey_Hepburn trained extensively to become a ballerina , before deciding to pursue acting . Audrey_Hepburn first gained notice for
eos Raised under Nazi rule during World War II , Audrey_Hepburn trained extensively to become a ballerina , before deciding to pursue acting . Audrey_Hepburn first gained notice for Audrey_Hepburn starring role in the Broadway production of Gigi ( 1951 ) .
eos Raised under Nazi rule during World War II , Audrey_Hepburn trained extensively to become a ballerina , before deciding to pursue acting . Audrey_Hepburn first gained notice for Audrey_Hepburn starring role in the Broadway production of Gigi ( 1951 ) . Audrey_Hepburn was then cast in Roman Holiday ( 1953 ) as Princess Ann , the role for which
eos Audrey_Hepburn first gained notice for Audrey_Hepburn starring role in the Broadway production of Gigi ( 1951 ) . Audrey_Hepburn was then cast in Roman Holiday ( 1953 ) as Princess Ann , the role for which Audrey_Hepburn won an Academy Award .
eos Audrey_Hepburn first gained notice for Audrey_Hepburn starring role in the Broadway production of Gigi ( 1951 ) . Audrey_Hepburn was then cast in Roman Holiday ( 1953 ) as Princess Ann , the role for which Audrey_Hepburn won an Academy Award . Audrey_Hepburn was one of the leading Hollywood actresses during the 1950s and 1960s and Audrey_Hepburn received four more Academy Award nominations , including one for
eos Audrey_Hepburn was then cast in Roman Holiday ( 1953 ) as Princess Ann , the role for which Audrey_Hepburn won an Academy Award . Audrey_Hepburn was one of the leading Hollywood actresses during the 1950s and 1960s and Audrey_Hepburn received four more Academy Award nominations , including one for Audrey_Hepburn iconic performance as Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany 's ( 1961 ) . In 1964 ,
eos Audrey_Hepburn was one of the leading Hollywood actresses during the 1950s and 1960s and Audrey_Hepburn received four more Academy Award nominations , including one for Audrey_Hepburn iconic performance as Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany 's ( 1961 ) . In 1964 , Audrey_Hepburn played Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady , the critically acclaimed film adaptation of the play .
eos Audrey_Hepburn was one of the leading Hollywood actresses during the 1950s and 1960s and Audrey_Hepburn received four more Academy Award nominations , including one for Audrey_Hepburn iconic performance as Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany 's ( 1961 ) . In 1964 , Audrey_Hepburn played Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady , the critically acclaimed film adaptation of the play . Audrey_Hepburn starred in few films in the 1970s and 1980s and instead Audrey_Hepburn devoted
eos Audrey_Hepburn was one of the leading Hollywood actresses during the 1950s and 1960s and Audrey_Hepburn received four more Academy Award nominations , including one for Audrey_Hepburn iconic performance as Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany 's ( 1961 ) . In 1964 , Audrey_Hepburn played Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady , the critically acclaimed film adaptation of the play . Audrey_Hepburn starred in few films in the 1970s and 1980s and instead Audrey_Hepburn devoted Audrey_Hepburn time to
eos In 1964 , Audrey_Hepburn played Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady , the critically acclaimed film adaptation of the play . Audrey_Hepburn starred in few films in the 1970s and 1980s and instead Audrey_Hepburn devoted Audrey_Hepburn time to Audrey_Hepburn children . From 1988 until
eos In 1964 , Audrey_Hepburn played Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady , the critically acclaimed film adaptation of the play . Audrey_Hepburn starred in few films in the 1970s and 1980s and instead Audrey_Hepburn devoted Audrey_Hepburn time to Audrey_Hepburn children . From 1988 until Audrey_Hepburn death in 1993 ,
eos In 1964 , Audrey_Hepburn played Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady , the critically acclaimed film adaptation of the play . Audrey_Hepburn starred in few films in the 1970s and 1980s and instead Audrey_Hepburn devoted Audrey_Hepburn time to Audrey_Hepburn children . From 1988 until Audrey_Hepburn death in 1993 , Audrey_Hepburn served as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador and Audrey_Hepburn was honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom for
eos Audrey_Hepburn starred in few films in the 1970s and 1980s and instead Audrey_Hepburn devoted Audrey_Hepburn time to Audrey_Hepburn children . From 1988 until Audrey_Hepburn death in 1993 , Audrey_Hepburn served as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador and Audrey_Hepburn was honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom for Audrey_Hepburn work . In 1999 ,
eos 
eos F • CAESAR • OCTAVIANVS ) for the period of
eos CAESAR • OCTAVIANVS ) for the period of Augustus life prior to 27 BC , was the first and among the most important of the Roman Emperors . Although
eos CAESAR • OCTAVIANVS ) for the period of Augustus life prior to 27 BC , was the first and among the most important of the Roman Emperors . Although Augustus preserved the outward form of the Roman Republic ,
eos CAESAR • OCTAVIANVS ) for the period of Augustus life prior to 27 BC , was the first and among the most important of the Roman Emperors . Although Augustus preserved the outward form of the Roman Republic , Augustus ruled as an autocrat for 41 years , and
eos OCTAVIANVS ) for the period of Augustus life prior to 27 BC , was the first and among the most important of the Roman Emperors . Although Augustus preserved the outward form of the Roman Republic , Augustus ruled as an autocrat for 41 years , and Augustus rule is the dividing line between the Republic and the Roman Empire .
eos 
eos Avril_Lavigne ( born september 27 , 1984 ) is a Juno Award - winning Canadian singer , songwriter , and occasional actress .
eos Avril_Lavigne ( born september 27 , 1984 ) is a Juno Award - winning Canadian singer , songwriter , and occasional actress . Avril_Lavigne was originally known for
eos Avril_Lavigne ( born september 27 , 1984 ) is a Juno Award - winning Canadian singer , songwriter , and occasional actress . Avril_Lavigne was originally known for Avril_Lavigne ` ` skater punk '' persona , but Avril_Lavigne has since shed that image in favour of a more sophisticated and feminine style .
eos Avril_Lavigne two albums , Let Go ( 2002 ) and Under My Skin ( 2004 ) , have topped charts in several countries . Although
eos Avril_Lavigne two albums , Let Go ( 2002 ) and Under My Skin ( 2004 ) , have topped charts in several countries . Although Avril_Lavigne surname is of French origin ,
eos Avril_Lavigne two albums , Let Go ( 2002 ) and Under My Skin ( 2004 ) , have topped charts in several countries . Although Avril_Lavigne surname is of French origin , Avril_Lavigne does not speak French and
eos Let Go ( 2002 ) and Under My Skin ( 2004 ) , have topped charts in several countries . Although Avril_Lavigne surname is of French origin , Avril_Lavigne does not speak French and Avril_Lavigne name is pronounced in an anglicized way , somewhat as IPA : ləˈviːn ( ` ` La - veen '' ) , rather than IPA : laˈviːɲ . Lavigne , or rather la vigne , in French means the vine or the vineyard .
eos Although Avril_Lavigne surname is of French origin , Avril_Lavigne does not speak French and Avril_Lavigne name is pronounced in an anglicized way , somewhat as IPA : ləˈviːn ( ` ` La - veen '' ) , rather than IPA : laˈviːɲ . Lavigne , or rather la vigne , in French means the vine or the vineyard . Avril_Lavigne first name , Avril , is French for april , but is also pronounced in an anglicized way as IPA : ˈævrəl ( ` ` Av - ril '' ) , rather than IPA : aˈvril .
eos Avril_Lavigne first name , Avril , is French for april , but is also pronounced in an anglicized way as IPA : ˈævrəl ( ` ` Av - ril '' ) , rather than IPA : aˈvril . Avril_Lavigne is featured in Maxim magazine 's Maxim gallery . In 2006 ,
eos 
eos Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali ( pronunciation ) , born Ayaan Hirsi Magan 13 november 1969 in Mogadishu , Somalia , is a Dutch feminist and politician , daughter of Hirsi Magan Isse .
eos Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali ( pronunciation ) , born Ayaan Hirsi Magan 13 november 1969 in Mogadishu , Somalia , is a Dutch feminist and politician , daughter of Hirsi Magan Isse . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali is a prominent ( and often controversial ) author , film maker , and critic of Islam .
eos Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali is a prominent ( and often controversial ) author , film maker , and critic of Islam . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali was a member of the Tweede Kamer ( the Lower House of the States - General of the Netherlands ) for the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) from january 30 2003 until May 16 , 2006 .
eos Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali is a prominent ( and often controversial ) author , film maker , and critic of Islam . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali was a member of the Tweede Kamer ( the Lower House of the States - General of the Netherlands ) for the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) from january 30 2003 until May 16 , 2006 . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali has had to maintain a high level of security due to threats against
eos Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali was a member of the Tweede Kamer ( the Lower House of the States - General of the Netherlands ) for the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) from january 30 2003 until May 16 , 2006 . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali has had to maintain a high level of security due to threats against Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali life for voicing views critical of Islam . For example ,
eos Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali was a member of the Tweede Kamer ( the Lower House of the States - General of the Netherlands ) for the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) from january 30 2003 until May 16 , 2006 . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali has had to maintain a high level of security due to threats against Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali life for voicing views critical of Islam . For example , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali film Submission , directed by Theo van Gogh ( who himself was assassinated for this film ) , made
eos Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali has had to maintain a high level of security due to threats against Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali life for voicing views critical of Islam . For example , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali film Submission , directed by Theo van Gogh ( who himself was assassinated for this film ) , made Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali one of the targets of the Hofstad Network . On May 15 , 2006 , officials of the Netherlands government cast doubt on Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali status as a Dutch national , because Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali provided false information in
eos Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali has had to maintain a high level of security due to threats against Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali life for voicing views critical of Islam . For example , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali film Submission , directed by Theo van Gogh ( who himself was assassinated for this film ) , made Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali one of the targets of the Hofstad Network . On May 15 , 2006 , officials of the Netherlands government cast doubt on
eos Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali has had to maintain a high level of security due to threats against Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali life for voicing views critical of Islam . For example , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali film Submission , directed by Theo van Gogh ( who himself was assassinated for this film ) , made Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali one of the targets of the Hofstad Network . On May 15 , 2006 , officials of the Netherlands government cast doubt on Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali status as a Dutch national , because
eos For example , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali film Submission , directed by Theo van Gogh ( who himself was assassinated for this film ) , made Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali one of the targets of the Hofstad Network . On May 15 , 2006 , officials of the Netherlands government cast doubt on Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali status as a Dutch national , because Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali provided false information in Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali application for refugee status in the Netherlands .
eos For example , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali film Submission , directed by Theo van Gogh ( who himself was assassinated for this film ) , made Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali one of the targets of the Hofstad Network . On May 15 , 2006 , officials of the Netherlands government cast doubt on Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali status as a Dutch national , because Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali provided false information in Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali application for refugee status in the Netherlands . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali later used the same false information when
eos On May 15 , 2006 , officials of the Netherlands government cast doubt on Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali status as a Dutch national , because Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali provided false information in Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali application for refugee status in the Netherlands . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali later used the same false information when Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali applied for , and was granted , Dutch citizenship . The Dutch minister of immigration and integration , Rita Verdonk , moved to annul
eos Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali later used the same false information when Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali applied for , and was granted , Dutch citizenship . The Dutch minister of immigration and integration , Rita Verdonk , moved to annul Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali citizenship , a move that was later overridden on the urging of Parliament .
eos Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali later used the same false information when Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali applied for , and was granted , Dutch citizenship . The Dutch minister of immigration and integration , Rita Verdonk , moved to annul Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali citizenship , a move that was later overridden on the urging of Parliament . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali released to the New York Times personal letters from
eos Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali later used the same false information when Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali applied for , and was granted , Dutch citizenship . The Dutch minister of immigration and integration , Rita Verdonk , moved to annul Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali citizenship , a move that was later overridden on the urging of Parliament . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali released to the New York Times personal letters from Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali father and other family members that affirmed
eos The Dutch minister of immigration and integration , Rita Verdonk , moved to annul Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali citizenship , a move that was later overridden on the urging of Parliament . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali released to the New York Times personal letters from Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali father and other family members that affirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali story about fleeing a forced marriage . On june 27 , 2006 , the Dutch government announced that
eos The Dutch minister of immigration and integration , Rita Verdonk , moved to annul Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali citizenship , a move that was later overridden on the urging of Parliament . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali released to the New York Times personal letters from Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali father and other family members that affirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali story about fleeing a forced marriage . On june 27 , 2006 , the Dutch government announced that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would keep
eos The Dutch minister of immigration and integration , Rita Verdonk , moved to annul Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali citizenship , a move that was later overridden on the urging of Parliament . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali released to the New York Times personal letters from Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali father and other family members that affirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali story about fleeing a forced marriage . On june 27 , 2006 , the Dutch government announced that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would keep Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali Dutch citizenship after
eos Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali released to the New York Times personal letters from Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali father and other family members that affirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali story about fleeing a forced marriage . On june 27 , 2006 , the Dutch government announced that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would keep Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali Dutch citizenship after Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali signed the dictate that indirectly lead to the fall of the second Balkenende cabinet . On May 16 ,
eos Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali released to the New York Times personal letters from Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali father and other family members that affirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali story about fleeing a forced marriage . On june 27 , 2006 , the Dutch government announced that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would keep Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali Dutch citizenship after Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali signed the dictate that indirectly lead to the fall of the second Balkenende cabinet . On May 16 , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali announced
eos Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali released to the New York Times personal letters from Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali father and other family members that affirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali story about fleeing a forced marriage . On june 27 , 2006 , the Dutch government announced that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would keep Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali Dutch citizenship after Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali signed the dictate that indirectly lead to the fall of the second Balkenende cabinet . On May 16 , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali announced Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali resignation from parliament and Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali confirmed
eos Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali released to the New York Times personal letters from Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali father and other family members that affirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali story about fleeing a forced marriage . On june 27 , 2006 , the Dutch government announced that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would keep Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali Dutch citizenship after Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali signed the dictate that indirectly lead to the fall of the second Balkenende cabinet . On May 16 , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali announced Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali resignation from parliament and Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali confirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali previous statement that
eos On june 27 , 2006 , the Dutch government announced that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would keep Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali Dutch citizenship after Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali signed the dictate that indirectly lead to the fall of the second Balkenende cabinet . On May 16 , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali announced Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali resignation from parliament and Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali confirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali previous statement that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would move to the United States to work at the American Enterprise Institute , a pro - market economics think tank .
eos 
eos Barnes_Wallis , CBE , FRS , RDI , commonly known as Barnes Wallis , ( september 26 1887 - october 30 1979 ) was an English scientist , engineer and inventor .
eos 
eos Benedict_of_Nursia ( c. 480 - 543 ) , born at Nursia ( Norcia ) , Italy , was the founder of western monasticism . Many of those monastic men and women belong to a Christian religious order named in
eos Benedict_of_Nursia ( c. 480 - 543 ) , born at Nursia ( Norcia ) , Italy , was the founder of western monasticism . Many of those monastic men and women belong to a Christian religious order named in Benedict_of_Nursia honor , the Order of Saint Benedict .
eos Many of those monastic men and women belong to a Christian religious order named in Benedict_of_Nursia honor , the Order of Saint Benedict . Benedict_of_Nursia was canonized in 1220 . The only authentic life of
eos Benedict_of_Nursia was canonized in 1220 . The only authentic life of Benedict_of_Nursia is that contained in the second book of St Gregory 's Dialogues . It is more of a character sketch than a biography and consists , for the most part , of a number of miraculous incidents , which , although they illustrate the life of
eos Benedict_of_Nursia was canonized in 1220 . The only authentic life of Benedict_of_Nursia is that contained in the second book of St Gregory 's Dialogues . It is more of a character sketch than a biography and consists , for the most part , of a number of miraculous incidents , which , although they illustrate the life of Benedict_of_Nursia , give little help towards a chronological account of
eos The only authentic life of Benedict_of_Nursia is that contained in the second book of St Gregory 's Dialogues . It is more of a character sketch than a biography and consists , for the most part , of a number of miraculous incidents , which , although they illustrate the life of Benedict_of_Nursia , give little help towards a chronological account of Benedict_of_Nursia career . St Gregory 's authorities for all that he relates were
eos St Gregory 's authorities for all that he relates were Benedict_of_Nursia own disciples , viz . Constantinus , who succeeded
eos 
eos Benito_Mussolini ( july 29 1883 - april 28 , 1945 ) was the Prime - Minister and dictator of Italy from 1922 until
eos Benito_Mussolini ( july 29 1883 - april 28 , 1945 ) was the Prime - Minister and dictator of Italy from 1922 until Benito_Mussolini overthrow in 1943 .
eos Benito_Mussolini ( july 29 1883 - april 28 , 1945 ) was the Prime - Minister and dictator of Italy from 1922 until Benito_Mussolini overthrow in 1943 . Benito_Mussolini established a repressive fascist regime that valued nationalism , militarism and anti - communism combined with strict censorship and state propaganda .
eos Benito_Mussolini ( july 29 1883 - april 28 , 1945 ) was the Prime - Minister and dictator of Italy from 1922 until Benito_Mussolini overthrow in 1943 . Benito_Mussolini established a repressive fascist regime that valued nationalism , militarism and anti - communism combined with strict censorship and state propaganda . Benito_Mussolini became a close ally of German dictator Adolf Hitler , whom
eos Benito_Mussolini established a repressive fascist regime that valued nationalism , militarism and anti - communism combined with strict censorship and state propaganda . Benito_Mussolini became a close ally of German dictator Adolf Hitler , whom Benito_Mussolini influenced .
eos Benito_Mussolini entered the war in june , 1940 on the side of Nazi Germany . Three years later , the Allies invaded Italy . In april 1945
eos 
eos Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein , 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein , KG , GCB , DSO , PC ( 17 november 1887 - 24 march 1976 ) was a British Army officer , often referred to as ` ` Monty '' .
eos Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein , 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein , KG , GCB , DSO , PC ( 17 november 1887 - 24 march 1976 ) was a British Army officer , often referred to as ` ` Monty '' . Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein successfully commanded Allied forces at the Battle of El Alamein , a major turning point in World War II , and troops under
eos Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein , 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein , KG , GCB , DSO , PC ( 17 november 1887 - 24 march 1976 ) was a British Army officer , often referred to as ` ` Monty '' . Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein successfully commanded Allied forces at the Battle of El Alamein , a major turning point in World War II , and troops under Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein command were largely responsible for the expulsion of Axis forces from North Africa .
eos Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein , 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein , KG , GCB , DSO , PC ( 17 november 1887 - 24 march 1976 ) was a British Army officer , often referred to as ` ` Monty '' . Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein successfully commanded Allied forces at the Battle of El Alamein , a major turning point in World War II , and troops under Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein command were largely responsible for the expulsion of Axis forces from North Africa . Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein was later a prominent commander in Italy and North - West Europe , where
eos 
eos Bill_Clinton ( born William Jefferson Blythe III on august 19 1946 ) was the 42nd President of the United States , serving from 1993 to 2001 . Before
eos Bill_Clinton ( born William Jefferson Blythe III on august 19 1946 ) was the 42nd President of the United States , serving from 1993 to 2001 . Before Bill_Clinton election as President ,
eos Bill_Clinton ( born William Jefferson Blythe III on august 19 1946 ) was the 42nd President of the United States , serving from 1993 to 2001 . Before Bill_Clinton election as President , Bill_Clinton served nearly 12 years as the 50th and 52nd Governor of Arkansas .
eos Before Bill_Clinton election as President , Bill_Clinton served nearly 12 years as the 50th and 52nd Governor of Arkansas . Bill_Clinton wife , Hillary Rodham Clinton , is the junior United States Senator from New York , where they both reside .
eos 
eos 
eos Bjorn_Lomborg ( born january 6 , 1965 ) is an Adjunct Professor at the Copenhagen Business School and a former director of the Environmental Assessment Institute in Copenhagen .
eos Bjorn_Lomborg ( born january 6 , 1965 ) is an Adjunct Professor at the Copenhagen Business School and a former director of the Environmental Assessment Institute in Copenhagen . Bjorn_Lomborg became internationally - known for
eos Bjorn_Lomborg became internationally - known for Bjorn_Lomborg best - selling and controversial book The Skeptical Environmentalist . After the book 's publication , members of the Danish scientific community accused
eos After the book 's publication , members of the Danish scientific community accused Bjorn_Lomborg of scientific dishonesty . These allegations were investigated by appropriate arms of the Danish government and in the end , no official charges were left standing . However , many scientists - including the majority of climatologists - remain critical of
eos These allegations were investigated by appropriate arms of the Danish government and in the end , no official charges were left standing . However , many scientists - including the majority of climatologists - remain critical of Bjorn_Lomborg work . In 2002 ,
eos 
eos 
eos Bobby_Moore , OBE ( born Barking , England , april 12 , 1941 - died London , february 24 , 1993 ) was an English footballer .
eos Bobby_Moore , OBE ( born Barking , England , april 12 , 1941 - died London , february 24 , 1993 ) was an English footballer . Bobby_Moore captained West Ham United for more than ten years and Bobby_Moore was skipper of the England team which won the 1966 World Cup .
eos 
eos Bono ( born 10 May 1960 ) , better known as Bono ( pronounced Bohn - oh ) , is the lead singer and occasional rhythm guitarist / harmonicist of the Irish rock band U2 .
eos Bono ( born 10 May 1960 ) , better known as Bono ( pronounced Bohn - oh ) , is the lead singer and occasional rhythm guitarist / harmonicist of the Irish rock band U2 . Bono is also known for
eos Bono ( born 10 May 1960 ) , better known as Bono ( pronounced Bohn - oh ) , is the lead singer and occasional rhythm guitarist / harmonicist of the Irish rock band U2 . Bono is also known for Bono humanitarian work in Africa and
eos 
eos Boudica ( also Boudicca , formerly better known as Boadicea ) ( d. 60/61 ) was a queen of the Brythonic Celtic Iceni people of Norfolk in Eastern Britain
eos Boudica ( also Boudicca , formerly better known as Boadicea ) ( d. 60/61 ) was a queen of the Brythonic Celtic Iceni people of Norfolk in Eastern Britain Boudica led a major uprising of the tribes against the occupying forces of the Roman Empire . Upon the death of
eos Boudica ( also Boudicca , formerly better known as Boadicea ) ( d. 60/61 ) was a queen of the Brythonic Celtic Iceni people of Norfolk in Eastern Britain Boudica led a major uprising of the tribes against the occupying forces of the Roman Empire . Upon the death of Boudica husband Prasutagus , the Romans annexed his kingdom and brutally humiliated
eos Boudica ( also Boudicca , formerly better known as Boadicea ) ( d. 60/61 ) was a queen of the Brythonic Celtic Iceni people of Norfolk in Eastern Britain Boudica led a major uprising of the tribes against the occupying forces of the Roman Empire . Upon the death of Boudica husband Prasutagus , the Romans annexed his kingdom and brutally humiliated Boudica and
eos Boudica ( also Boudicca , formerly better known as Boadicea ) ( d. 60/61 ) was a queen of the Brythonic Celtic Iceni people of Norfolk in Eastern Britain Boudica led a major uprising of the tribes against the occupying forces of the Roman Empire . Upon the death of Boudica husband Prasutagus , the Romans annexed his kingdom and brutally humiliated Boudica and Boudica daughters , spurring
eos ( d. 60/61 ) was a queen of the Brythonic Celtic Iceni people of Norfolk in Eastern Britain Boudica led a major uprising of the tribes against the occupying forces of the Roman Empire . Upon the death of Boudica husband Prasutagus , the Romans annexed his kingdom and brutally humiliated Boudica and Boudica daughters , spurring Boudica leadership of the revolt . In 60 or 61 , while governor Gaius Suetonius Paulinus was leading a campaign on the island of Anglesey in north Wales ,
eos Upon the death of Boudica husband Prasutagus , the Romans annexed his kingdom and brutally humiliated Boudica and Boudica daughters , spurring Boudica leadership of the revolt . In 60 or 61 , while governor Gaius Suetonius Paulinus was leading a campaign on the island of Anglesey in north Wales , Boudica led the Iceni , along with the Trinovantes and others , in a rebellion which destroyed the former Trinovantian capital and Roman colonia of Camulodunum ( Colchester ) , and routed the Roman Legio IX Hispana under Quintus Petillius Cerialis .
eos In 60 or 61 , while governor Gaius Suetonius Paulinus was leading a campaign on the island of Anglesey in north Wales , Boudica led the Iceni , along with the Trinovantes and others , in a rebellion which destroyed the former Trinovantian capital and Roman colonia of Camulodunum ( Colchester ) , and routed the Roman Legio IX Hispana under Quintus Petillius Cerialis . Boudica army then burned to the ground the twenty - year - old settlement of Londinium ( London ) and destroyed Verulamium ( St Albans ) , killing an estimated 70,000 - 80,000 people . Roman emperor Nero briefly considered withdrawing Roman forces from the island , but ultimately
eos Boudica army then burned to the ground the twenty - year - old settlement of Londinium ( London ) and destroyed Verulamium ( St Albans ) , killing an estimated 70,000 - 80,000 people . Roman emperor Nero briefly considered withdrawing Roman forces from the island , but ultimately Boudica was defeated at the Battle of Watling Street by the heavily outnumbered forces of governor Suetonius . The chronicles of these events , as recorded by the historians Tacitus and Dio Cassius , were rediscovered during the Renaissance and led to a resurgence of
eos Boudica army then burned to the ground the twenty - year - old settlement of Londinium ( London ) and destroyed Verulamium ( St Albans ) , killing an estimated 70,000 - 80,000 people . Roman emperor Nero briefly considered withdrawing Roman forces from the island , but ultimately Boudica was defeated at the Battle of Watling Street by the heavily outnumbered forces of governor Suetonius . The chronicles of these events , as recorded by the historians Tacitus and Dio Cassius , were rediscovered during the Renaissance and led to a resurgence of Boudica legendary fame during the Victorian era , when Queen Victoria was portrayed as
eos Roman emperor Nero briefly considered withdrawing Roman forces from the island , but ultimately Boudica was defeated at the Battle of Watling Street by the heavily outnumbered forces of governor Suetonius . The chronicles of these events , as recorded by the historians Tacitus and Dio Cassius , were rediscovered during the Renaissance and led to a resurgence of Boudica legendary fame during the Victorian era , when Queen Victoria was portrayed as Boudica ` ` namesake '' .
eos 
eos Boy_George , better known as Boy George , ( born june 14 , 1961 , in Eltham , Kent , England ) is an English singer - songwriter .
eos 
eos Bret_Hart ( born july 2 , 1957 in Calgary , Alberta ) is a Canadian former professional wrestler , and part of the famous Hart wrestling family . In the course of
eos Bret_Hart ( born july 2 , 1957 in Calgary , Alberta ) is a Canadian former professional wrestler , and part of the famous Hart wrestling family . In the course of Bret_Hart career ,
eos In the course of Bret_Hart career , Bret_Hart was known by several monikers : Bret ` ` Hit Man '' Hart , ( adopted from boxer Thomas Hearns ) , ` ` The Excellence of Execution '' ( originally dubbed as such by Gorilla Monsoon ) and perhaps the most resounding , ` ` The best there is , the best there was , and the best there ever will be '' ( derived from the 1984 film The Natural , which starred Robert Redford ) . Bret_Hart justifies Bret_Hart claim to the latter title by citing three facts : that Bret_Hart never seriously injured an opponent through any fault of Bret_Hart own ; that , in the course of Bret_Hart career with the World Wrestling Federation , Bret_Hart only ever missed two shows , both as a result of traffic and flight difficulties , and that
eos In the course of Bret_Hart career , Bret_Hart was known by several monikers : Bret ` ` Hit Man '' Hart , ( adopted from boxer Thomas Hearns ) , ` ` The Excellence of Execution '' ( originally dubbed as such by Gorilla Monsoon ) and perhaps the most resounding , ` ` The best there is , the best there was , and the best there ever will be '' ( derived from the 1984 film The Natural , which starred Robert Redford ) .
eos In the course of Bret_Hart career , Bret_Hart was known by several monikers : Bret ` ` Hit Man '' Hart , ( adopted from boxer Thomas Hearns ) , ` ` The Excellence of Execution '' ( originally dubbed as such by Gorilla Monsoon ) and perhaps the most resounding , ` ` The best there is , the best there was , and the best there ever will be '' ( derived from the 1984 film The Natural , which starred Robert Redford ) . Bret_Hart justifies
eos In the course of Bret_Hart career , Bret_Hart was known by several monikers : Bret ` ` Hit Man '' Hart , ( adopted from boxer Thomas Hearns ) , ` ` The Excellence of Execution '' ( originally dubbed as such by Gorilla Monsoon ) and perhaps the most resounding , ` ` The best there is , the best there was , and the best there ever will be '' ( derived from the 1984 film The Natural , which starred Robert Redford ) . Bret_Hart justifies Bret_Hart claim to the latter title by citing three facts : that
eos In the course of Bret_Hart career , Bret_Hart was known by several monikers : Bret ` ` Hit Man '' Hart , ( adopted from boxer Thomas Hearns ) , ` ` The Excellence of Execution '' ( originally dubbed as such by Gorilla Monsoon ) and perhaps the most resounding , ` ` The best there is , the best there was , and the best there ever will be '' ( derived from the 1984 film The Natural , which starred Robert Redford ) . Bret_Hart justifies Bret_Hart claim to the latter title by citing three facts : that Bret_Hart never seriously injured an opponent through any fault of
eos In the course of Bret_Hart career , Bret_Hart was known by several monikers : Bret ` ` Hit Man '' Hart , ( adopted from boxer Thomas Hearns ) , ` ` The Excellence of Execution '' ( originally dubbed as such by Gorilla Monsoon ) and perhaps the most resounding , ` ` The best there is , the best there was , and the best there ever will be '' ( derived from the 1984 film The Natural , which starred Robert Redford ) . Bret_Hart justifies Bret_Hart claim to the latter title by citing three facts : that Bret_Hart never seriously injured an opponent through any fault of Bret_Hart own ; that , in the course of
eos In the course of Bret_Hart career , Bret_Hart was known by several monikers : Bret ` ` Hit Man '' Hart , ( adopted from boxer Thomas Hearns ) , ` ` The Excellence of Execution '' ( originally dubbed as such by Gorilla Monsoon ) and perhaps the most resounding , ` ` The best there is , the best there was , and the best there ever will be '' ( derived from the 1984 film The Natural , which starred Robert Redford ) . Bret_Hart justifies Bret_Hart claim to the latter title by citing three facts : that Bret_Hart never seriously injured an opponent through any fault of Bret_Hart own ; that , in the course of Bret_Hart career with the World Wrestling Federation ,
eos 
eos Brian_Mulroney , PC , CC , GOQ , LLD ( born march 20 , 1939 ) , was the eighteenth Prime Minister of Canada from september 17 , 1984 , to june 25 , 1993 and Brian_Mulroney was leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada from 1983 to 1993 . According to Canadian protocol , as a former Prime Minister ,
eos Brian_Mulroney , PC , CC , GOQ , LLD ( born march 20 , 1939 ) , was the eighteenth Prime Minister of Canada from september 17 , 1984 , to june 25 , 1993 and Brian_Mulroney was leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada from 1983 to 1993 . According to Canadian protocol , as a former Prime Minister , Brian_Mulroney is called ` ` The Right Honourable '' for life .
eos Brian_Mulroney , PC , CC , GOQ , LLD ( born march 20 , 1939 ) , was the eighteenth Prime Minister of Canada from september 17 , 1984 , to june 25 , 1993 and Brian_Mulroney was leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada from 1983 to 1993 . According to Canadian protocol , as a former Prime Minister , Brian_Mulroney is called ` ` The Right Honourable '' for life . Brian_Mulroney became Prime Minister after
eos According to Canadian protocol , as a former Prime Minister , Brian_Mulroney is called ` ` The Right Honourable '' for life . Brian_Mulroney became Prime Minister after Brian_Mulroney Progressive Conservatives won the most parliamentary seats in Canadian history . At the time ,
eos According to Canadian protocol , as a former Prime Minister , Brian_Mulroney is called ` ` The Right Honourable '' for life . Brian_Mulroney became Prime Minister after Brian_Mulroney Progressive Conservatives won the most parliamentary seats in Canadian history . At the time , Brian_Mulroney was unique in Canadian politics in that
eos Brian_Mulroney became Prime Minister after Brian_Mulroney Progressive Conservatives won the most parliamentary seats in Canadian history . At the time , Brian_Mulroney was unique in Canadian politics in that Brian_Mulroney had never been a career politician . Instead
eos Brian_Mulroney became Prime Minister after Brian_Mulroney Progressive Conservatives won the most parliamentary seats in Canadian history . At the time , Brian_Mulroney was unique in Canadian politics in that Brian_Mulroney had never been a career politician . Instead Brian_Mulroney was a longtime businessman and
eos 
eos Bryan_Adams , OC , OBC ( born 5 november 1959 , Kingston , Ontario ) is a Canadian rock singer , guitarist and songwriter . Some of
eos Some of Bryan_Adams best - known albums are Reckless , Waking up the Neighbours and 18 ' Til I Die .
eos Some of Bryan_Adams best - known albums are Reckless , Waking up the Neighbours and 18 ' Til I Die . Bryan_Adams was awarded the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for
eos Some of Bryan_Adams best - known albums are Reckless , Waking up the Neighbours and 18 ' Til I Die . Bryan_Adams was awarded the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for Bryan_Adams contribution to popular music and
eos I Die . Bryan_Adams was awarded the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for Bryan_Adams contribution to popular music and Bryan_Adams philanthropic work .
eos Bryan_Adams was awarded the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for Bryan_Adams contribution to popular music and Bryan_Adams philanthropic work . Bryan_Adams was also inducted into Canada 's Walk of Fame in 1998 , and more recently inducted into the Music Hall of Fame at Canada 's Juno Awards april 2006 .
eos 
eos Burton_Cummings , OM , D Mus ( born december 31 , 1947 ) is a Canadian musician and songwriter . A pianist and a showman ,
eos Burton_Cummings , OM , D Mus ( born december 31 , 1947 ) is a Canadian musician and songwriter . A pianist and a showman , Burton_Cummings was the lead singer for the Canadian rock band ` ` The Guess Who , '' and during
eos A pianist and a showman , Burton_Cummings was the lead singer for the Canadian rock band ` ` The Guess Who , '' and during Burton_Cummings 10 years in ` ` The Guess Who '' from 1965 to 1975 ,
eos 
eos Camille_Paglia ( born april 2 , 1947 in Endicott , New York ) is an American social critic , intellectual , author and teacher .
eos Camille_Paglia ( born april 2 , 1947 in Endicott , New York ) is an American social critic , intellectual , author and teacher . Camille_Paglia is a professor of humanities and media studies at the University of the Arts in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
eos Camille_Paglia ( born april 2 , 1947 in Endicott , New York ) is an American social critic , intellectual , author and teacher . Camille_Paglia is a professor of humanities and media studies at the University of the Arts in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Camille_Paglia has been called the ` ` feminist that other feminists love to hate '' , one of the world 's top 100 intellectuals by the UK 's Prospect Magazine , and by
eos 
eos Caravaggio ( 29 september 1571 - 18 july 1610 ) was an Italian artist active in Rome , Naples , Malta and Sicily between 1593 and 1610 .
eos Caravaggio ( 29 september 1571 - 18 july 1610 ) was an Italian artist active in Rome , Naples , Malta and Sicily between 1593 and 1610 . Caravaggio is commonly placed in the Baroque school , of which
eos Caravaggio ( 29 september 1571 - 18 july 1610 ) was an Italian artist active in Rome , Naples , Malta and Sicily between 1593 and 1610 . Caravaggio is commonly placed in the Baroque school , of which Caravaggio was the first great representative . Even in
eos Caravaggio is commonly placed in the Baroque school , of which Caravaggio was the first great representative . Even in Caravaggio own lifetime
eos Even in Caravaggio own lifetime Caravaggio was considered enigmatic , fascinating , and dangerous .
eos Even in Caravaggio own lifetime Caravaggio was considered enigmatic , fascinating , and dangerous . Caravaggio burst upon the Rome art scene in 1600 , and thereafter Caravaggio never lacked for commissions or patrons , yet Caravaggio handled
eos Caravaggio was considered enigmatic , fascinating , and dangerous . Caravaggio burst upon the Rome art scene in 1600 , and thereafter Caravaggio never lacked for commissions or patrons , yet Caravaggio handled Caravaggio success atrociously . An early published notice on
eos Caravaggio was considered enigmatic , fascinating , and dangerous . Caravaggio burst upon the Rome art scene in 1600 , and thereafter Caravaggio never lacked for commissions or patrons , yet Caravaggio handled Caravaggio success atrociously . An early published notice on Caravaggio , dating from 1604 and describing
eos Caravaggio burst upon the Rome art scene in 1600 , and thereafter Caravaggio never lacked for commissions or patrons , yet Caravaggio handled Caravaggio success atrociously . An early published notice on Caravaggio , dating from 1604 and describing Caravaggio lifestyle some three years previously , tells how ` ` after a fortnight 's work he will swagger about for a month or two with a sword at his side and a servant following him , from one ball - court to the next , ever ready to engage in a fight or an argument , so that it is most awkward to get along with him . '' In 1606
eos Caravaggio burst upon the Rome art scene in 1600 , and thereafter Caravaggio never lacked for commissions or patrons , yet Caravaggio handled Caravaggio success atrociously . An early published notice on Caravaggio , dating from 1604 and describing Caravaggio lifestyle some three years previously , tells how ` ` after a fortnight 's work he will swagger about for a month or two with a sword at his side and a servant following him , from one ball - court to the next , ever ready to engage in a fight or an argument , so that it is most awkward to get along with him . '' In 1606 Caravaggio killed a young man in a brawl and Caravaggio fled from Rome with a price on
eos An early published notice on Caravaggio , dating from 1604 and describing Caravaggio lifestyle some three years previously , tells how ` ` after a fortnight 's work he will swagger about for a month or two with a sword at his side and a servant following him , from one ball - court to the next , ever ready to engage in a fight or an argument , so that it is most awkward to get along with him . '' In 1606 Caravaggio killed a young man in a brawl and Caravaggio fled from Rome with a price on Caravaggio head . In Malta in 1608
eos An early published notice on Caravaggio , dating from 1604 and describing Caravaggio lifestyle some three years previously , tells how ` ` after a fortnight 's work he will swagger about for a month or two with a sword at his side and a servant following him , from one ball - court to the next , ever ready to engage in a fight or an argument , so that it is most awkward to get along with him . '' In 1606 Caravaggio killed a young man in a brawl and Caravaggio fled from Rome with a price on Caravaggio head . In Malta in 1608 Caravaggio was involved in another brawl , and yet another in Naples in 1609 , possibly a deliberate attempt on
eos In 1606 Caravaggio killed a young man in a brawl and Caravaggio fled from Rome with a price on Caravaggio head . In Malta in 1608 Caravaggio was involved in another brawl , and yet another in Naples in 1609 , possibly a deliberate attempt on Caravaggio life by unidentified enemies . By the next year , after a career of little more than a decade ,
eos Huge new churches and palazzi were being built in Rome in the decades of the late 16th and early 17th centuries , and paintings were needed to fill them . The Counter - Reformation Church searched for authentic religious art with which to counter the threat of Protestantism , and for this task the artificial conventions of Mannerism , which had ruled art for almost a century , no longer seemed adequate .
eos The Counter - Reformation Church searched for authentic religious art with which to counter the threat of Protestantism , and for this task the artificial conventions of Mannerism , which had ruled art for almost a century , no longer seemed adequate . Caravaggio novelty was a radical naturalism which combined close physical observation with a dramatic , even theatrical , approach to chiaroscuro , the use of light and shadow . In
eos Caravaggio novelty was a radical naturalism which combined close physical observation with a dramatic , even theatrical , approach to chiaroscuro , the use of light and shadow . In Caravaggio hands this new style was the vehicle for authentic and moving spirituality . Famous and extremely influential while
eos Caravaggio novelty was a radical naturalism which combined close physical observation with a dramatic , even theatrical , approach to chiaroscuro , the use of light and shadow . In Caravaggio hands this new style was the vehicle for authentic and moving spirituality . Famous and extremely influential while Caravaggio lived ,
eos Caravaggio novelty was a radical naturalism which combined close physical observation with a dramatic , even theatrical , approach to chiaroscuro , the use of light and shadow . In Caravaggio hands this new style was the vehicle for authentic and moving spirituality . Famous and extremely influential while Caravaggio lived , Caravaggio was almost completely forgotten in the centuries after
eos Caravaggio novelty was a radical naturalism which combined close physical observation with a dramatic , even theatrical , approach to chiaroscuro , the use of light and shadow . In Caravaggio hands this new style was the vehicle for authentic and moving spirituality . Famous and extremely influential while Caravaggio lived , Caravaggio was almost completely forgotten in the centuries after Caravaggio death , and it was only in the 20th century that
eos In Caravaggio hands this new style was the vehicle for authentic and moving spirituality . Famous and extremely influential while Caravaggio lived , Caravaggio was almost completely forgotten in the centuries after Caravaggio death , and it was only in the 20th century that Caravaggio importance to the development of Western art was rediscovered . Yet despite this
eos Famous and extremely influential while Caravaggio lived , Caravaggio was almost completely forgotten in the centuries after Caravaggio death , and it was only in the 20th century that Caravaggio importance to the development of Western art was rediscovered . Yet despite this Caravaggio influence on the common style which eventually emerged from the ruins of Mannerism , the new Baroque , was profound . Andre Berne - Joffroy , Paul Valéry 's secretary , said of
eos 
eos 
eos Carolus_Linnaeus , also known after
eos Carolus_Linnaeus , also known after Carolus_Linnaeus ennoblement as Carl von Linné , ( May 23 , 1707 - january 10 , 1778 ) , was a Swedish botanist , physician and zoologist
eos Carolus_Linnaeus , also known after Carolus_Linnaeus ennoblement as Carl von Linné , ( May 23 , 1707 - january 10 , 1778 ) , was a Swedish botanist , physician and zoologist Carolus_Linnaeus laid the foundations for the modern scheme of nomenclature .
eos Carolus_Linnaeus , also known after Carolus_Linnaeus ennoblement as Carl von Linné , ( May 23 , 1707 - january 10 , 1778 ) , was a Swedish botanist , physician and zoologist Carolus_Linnaeus laid the foundations for the modern scheme of nomenclature . Carolus_Linnaeus is known as the ` ` father of modern taxonomy . ''
eos Carolus_Linnaeus is known as the ` ` father of modern taxonomy . '' Carolus_Linnaeus is also considered one of the fathers of modern ecology ( see History of ecology ) .
eos Carolus_Linnaeus is known as the ` ` father of modern taxonomy . '' Carolus_Linnaeus is also considered one of the fathers of modern ecology ( see History of ecology ) . Carolus_Linnaeus was the most renowned botanist of
eos Carolus_Linnaeus is known as the ` ` father of modern taxonomy . '' Carolus_Linnaeus is also considered one of the fathers of modern ecology ( see History of ecology ) . Carolus_Linnaeus was the most renowned botanist of Carolus_Linnaeus time , and also noted for
eos Carolus_Linnaeus is also considered one of the fathers of modern ecology ( see History of ecology ) . Carolus_Linnaeus was the most renowned botanist of Carolus_Linnaeus time , and also noted for Carolus_Linnaeus fine language skills . The French philosopher Jean - Jacques Rousseau sent
eos 
eos Catherine_II_of_Russia , called the Great ( Russian : Екатерина II Великая , Yekaterina II Velikaya ; 2 May 1729 - 17 november , 1796 ) - sometimes referred to as an epitome of the ` ` enlightened despot '' - reigned as Empress of Russia for some 34 years , from june 28 1762 until
eos 
eos Celine_Dion ( OC , OQ ) ( born march 30 1968 ) is a French Canadian Grammy and Juno award winning pop singer and occasional songwriter and actress .
eos Celine_Dion ( OC , OQ ) ( born march 30 1968 ) is a French Canadian Grammy and Juno award winning pop singer and occasional songwriter and actress . Celine_Dion began
eos Celine_Dion ( OC , OQ ) ( born march 30 1968 ) is a French Canadian Grammy and Juno award winning pop singer and occasional songwriter and actress . Celine_Dion began Celine_Dion career in the early 1980s as a French singer before breaking into the international music scene in the 1990s .
eos Celine_Dion began Celine_Dion career in the early 1980s as a French singer before breaking into the international music scene in the 1990s . Celine_Dion was born to a large , impoverished family in Charlemagne , Québec . As a teen ,
eos Celine_Dion began Celine_Dion career in the early 1980s as a French singer before breaking into the international music scene in the 1990s . Celine_Dion was born to a large , impoverished family in Charlemagne , Québec . As a teen , Celine_Dion achieved success in francophone Canada after
eos Celine_Dion began Celine_Dion career in the early 1980s as a French singer before breaking into the international music scene in the 1990s . Celine_Dion was born to a large , impoverished family in Charlemagne , Québec . As a teen , Celine_Dion achieved success in francophone Canada after Celine_Dion manager and future husband , René Angélil , mortgaged his home in order to finance
eos Celine_Dion was born to a large , impoverished family in Charlemagne , Québec . As a teen , Celine_Dion achieved success in francophone Canada after Celine_Dion manager and future husband , René Angélil , mortgaged his home in order to finance Celine_Dion first record .
eos Celine_Dion was born to a large , impoverished family in Charlemagne , Québec . As a teen , Celine_Dion achieved success in francophone Canada after Celine_Dion manager and future husband , René Angélil , mortgaged his home in order to finance Celine_Dion first record . Celine_Dion later gained recognition in parts of Europe and Asia after
eos As a teen , Celine_Dion achieved success in francophone Canada after Celine_Dion manager and future husband , René Angélil , mortgaged his home in order to finance Celine_Dion first record . Celine_Dion later gained recognition in parts of Europe and Asia after Celine_Dion won both the 1982 Yamaha World Popular Song Festival and the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest . In 1990
eos Celine_Dion later gained recognition in parts of Europe and Asia after Celine_Dion won both the 1982 Yamaha World Popular Song Festival and the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest . In 1990 Celine_Dion established a foothold in the anglophone music market with the release of Unison , published by Epic Records . During the 1990s
eos Celine_Dion later gained recognition in parts of Europe and Asia after Celine_Dion won both the 1982 Yamaha World Popular Song Festival and the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest . In 1990 Celine_Dion established a foothold in the anglophone music market with the release of Unison , published by Epic Records . During the 1990s Celine_Dion achieved worldwide fame and success with several English and French records , of which
eos During the 1990s Celine_Dion achieved worldwide fame and success with several English and French records , of which Celine_Dion most successful were Falling into You ( 1996 ) and ` ` My Heart Will Go On '' ( 1998 ) , the theme to the 1997 film Titanic . In 1999
eos During the 1990s Celine_Dion achieved worldwide fame and success with several English and French records , of which Celine_Dion most successful were Falling into You ( 1996 ) and ` ` My Heart Will Go On '' ( 1998 ) , the theme to the 1997 film Titanic . In 1999 Celine_Dion announced a temporary break from entertainment in order to focus on
eos ( 1998 ) , the theme to the 1997 film Titanic . In 1999 Celine_Dion announced a temporary break from entertainment in order to focus on Celine_Dion husband , who was diagnosed with throat cancer . Following a three - year hiatus ,
eos Following a three - year hiatus , Celine_Dion returned to the music scene with the release of the aptly titled A New Day Has Come . By 2004
eos Has Come . By 2004 Celine_Dion had accumulated record sales of 175 million , and Celine_Dion was presented with the Chopard Diamond award from the World Music Awards show for becoming the Best - selling Female Artist in the World . As of 2003
eos Has Come . By 2004 Celine_Dion had accumulated record sales of 175 million , and Celine_Dion was presented with the Chopard Diamond award from the World Music Awards show for becoming the Best - selling Female Artist in the World . As of 2003 Celine_Dion has performed nightly in
eos By 2004 Celine_Dion had accumulated record sales of 175 million , and Celine_Dion was presented with the Chopard Diamond award from the World Music Awards show for becoming the Best - selling Female Artist in the World . As of 2003 Celine_Dion has performed nightly in Celine_Dion show A New Day ... at Caesars Palace , Las Vegas , under a contract that extends through 2007 .
eos By 2004 Celine_Dion had accumulated record sales of 175 million , and Celine_Dion was presented with the Chopard Diamond award from the World Music Awards show for becoming the Best - selling Female Artist in the World . As of 2003 Celine_Dion has performed nightly in Celine_Dion show A New Day ... at Caesars Palace , Las Vegas , under a contract that extends through 2007 . Celine_Dion music has been influenced by various genres , which range from pop and rock to gospel and classical , and
eos By 2004 Celine_Dion had accumulated record sales of 175 million , and Celine_Dion was presented with the Chopard Diamond award from the World Music Awards show for becoming the Best - selling Female Artist in the World . As of 2003 Celine_Dion has performed nightly in Celine_Dion show A New Day ... at Caesars Palace , Las Vegas , under a contract that extends through 2007 . Celine_Dion music has been influenced by various genres , which range from pop and rock to gospel and classical , and Celine_Dion is noted for
eos 
eos Charlemagne ( 742 or 747 - 28 january 814 ) ( also Charles the Great ; from Latin , "" Latin : Carolus Magnus "" ) was the King of the Franks ( 768 - 814 ) who conquered Italy and took the Iron Crown of Lombardy in 774 and , on a visit to Rome in 800 , was crowned "" Latin : imperator Romanorum "" ( ` ` Emperor of the Romans '' ) by Pope Leo III on Christmas Day , presaging the revival of the Roman imperial tradition in the West in the form of the Holy Roman Empire . By
eos Charlemagne ( 742 or 747 - 28 january 814 ) ( also Charles the Great ; from Latin , "" Latin : Carolus Magnus "" ) was the King of the Franks ( 768 - 814 ) who conquered Italy and took the Iron Crown of Lombardy in 774 and , on a visit to Rome in 800 , was crowned "" Latin : imperator Romanorum "" ( ` ` Emperor of the Romans '' ) by Pope Leo III on Christmas Day , presaging the revival of the Roman imperial tradition in the West in the form of the Holy Roman Empire . By Charlemagne foreign conquests and internal reforms ,
eos Carolus Magnus "" ) was the King of the Franks ( 768 - 814 ) who conquered Italy and took the Iron Crown of Lombardy in 774 and , on a visit to Rome in 800 , was crowned "" Latin : imperator Romanorum "" ( ` ` Emperor of the Romans '' ) by Pope Leo III on Christmas Day , presaging the revival of the Roman imperial tradition in the West in the form of the Holy Roman Empire . By Charlemagne foreign conquests and internal reforms , Charlemagne helped define Western Europe and the Middle Ages .
eos By Charlemagne foreign conquests and internal reforms , Charlemagne helped define Western Europe and the Middle Ages . Charlemagne rule is also associated with the Carolingian Renaissance , a revival of the arts and education in the West . The son of King Pippin the Short and Bertrada of Laon ,
eos By Charlemagne foreign conquests and internal reforms , Charlemagne helped define Western Europe and the Middle Ages . Charlemagne rule is also associated with the Carolingian Renaissance , a revival of the arts and education in the West . The son of King Pippin the Short and Bertrada of Laon , Charlemagne succeeded
eos Charlemagne rule is also associated with the Carolingian Renaissance , a revival of the arts and education in the West . The son of King Pippin the Short and Bertrada of Laon , Charlemagne succeeded Charlemagne father and Charlemagne co - ruled with
eos The son of King Pippin the Short and Bertrada of Laon , Charlemagne succeeded Charlemagne father and Charlemagne co - ruled with Charlemagne brother Carloman until the latter 's death in 771 . Charlemagne continued the policy of
eos The son of King Pippin the Short and Bertrada of Laon , Charlemagne succeeded Charlemagne father and Charlemagne co - ruled with Charlemagne brother Carloman until the latter 's death in 771 . Charlemagne continued the policy of Charlemagne father towards the papacy and Charlemagne became its protector , removing the Lombards from power in Italy , and waging war on the Saracens who menaced
eos The son of King Pippin the Short and Bertrada of Laon , Charlemagne succeeded Charlemagne father and Charlemagne co - ruled with Charlemagne brother Carloman until the latter 's death in 771 .
eos Charlemagne co - ruled with Charlemagne brother Carloman until the latter 's death in 771 . Charlemagne continued the policy of Charlemagne father towards the papacy and Charlemagne became its protector , removing the Lombards from power in Italy , and waging war on the Saracens who menaced Charlemagne realm from Spain . It was during one of these campaigns that
eos Charlemagne co - ruled with Charlemagne brother Carloman until the latter 's death in 771 . Charlemagne continued the policy of Charlemagne father towards the papacy and Charlemagne became its protector , removing the Lombards from power in Italy , and waging war on the Saracens who menaced Charlemagne realm from Spain . It was during one of these campaigns that Charlemagne experienced the worst defeat of
eos Charlemagne continued the policy of Charlemagne father towards the papacy and Charlemagne became its protector , removing the Lombards from power in Italy , and waging war on the Saracens who menaced Charlemagne realm from Spain . It was during one of these campaigns that Charlemagne experienced the worst defeat of Charlemagne life at Roncesvalles ( 778 ) .
eos Charlemagne continued the policy of Charlemagne father towards the papacy and Charlemagne became its protector , removing the Lombards from power in Italy , and waging war on the Saracens who menaced Charlemagne realm from Spain . It was during one of these campaigns that Charlemagne experienced the worst defeat of Charlemagne life at Roncesvalles ( 778 ) . Charlemagne also campaigned against the peoples to
eos Charlemagne continued the policy of Charlemagne father towards the papacy and Charlemagne became its protector , removing the Lombards from power in Italy , and waging war on the Saracens who menaced Charlemagne realm from Spain . It was during one of these campaigns that Charlemagne experienced the worst defeat of Charlemagne life at Roncesvalles ( 778 ) . Charlemagne also campaigned against the peoples to Charlemagne east , especially the Saxons , and after a protracted war Charlemagne subjected them to
eos It was during one of these campaigns that Charlemagne experienced the worst defeat of Charlemagne life at Roncesvalles ( 778 ) . Charlemagne also campaigned against the peoples to Charlemagne east , especially the Saxons , and after a protracted war Charlemagne subjected them to Charlemagne rule . By converting them to Christianity ,
eos It was during one of these campaigns that Charlemagne experienced the worst defeat of Charlemagne life at Roncesvalles ( 778 ) . Charlemagne also campaigned against the peoples to Charlemagne east , especially the Saxons , and after a protracted war Charlemagne subjected them to Charlemagne rule . By converting them to Christianity , Charlemagne integrated them into
eos Charlemagne also campaigned against the peoples to Charlemagne east , especially the Saxons , and after a protracted war Charlemagne subjected them to Charlemagne rule . By converting them to Christianity , Charlemagne integrated them into Charlemagne realm and Charlemagne thus paved the way for the later Ottonian Dynasty . Today regarded as the founding father of both France and Germany and sometimes as the Father of Europe , as
eos 
eos Charles_Babbage ( 26 december 1791 - 18 october 1871 ) was an English mathematician , analytical philosopher , mechanical engineer and ( proto - ) computer scientist
eos Charles_Babbage ( 26 december 1791 - 18 october 1871 ) was an English mathematician , analytical philosopher , mechanical engineer and ( proto - ) computer scientist Charles_Babbage originated the idea of a programmable computer . Parts of
eos Charles_Babbage originated the idea of a programmable computer . Parts of Charles_Babbage uncompleted mechanisms are on display in the London Science Museum . In 1991 , working from
eos Parts of Charles_Babbage uncompleted mechanisms are on display in the London Science Museum . In 1991 , working from Charles_Babbage original plans , a difference engine was completed , and functioned perfectly . It was built to tolerances achievable in the 19th century , indicating that
eos In 1991 , working from Charles_Babbage original plans , a difference engine was completed , and functioned perfectly . It was built to tolerances achievable in the 19th century , indicating that Charles_Babbage machine would have worked . Nine years later , the Science Museum completed the printer
eos 
eos Charles_Darwin FRS ( 12 february 1809 - 19 april 1882 ) was an English naturalist
eos Charles_Darwin FRS ( 12 february 1809 - 19 april 1882 ) was an English naturalist Charles_Darwin achieved lasting fame by producing considerable evidence that species originated through evolutionary change , at the same time proposing the scientific theory that natural selection is the mechanism by which such change occurs . This theory is now considered a cornerstone of biology , and has significantly affected other disciplines such as philosophy , psychology and anthropology .
eos This theory is now considered a cornerstone of biology , and has significantly affected other disciplines such as philosophy , psychology and anthropology . Charles_Darwin developed an interest in natural history while studying first medicine , then theology , at university .
eos This theory is now considered a cornerstone of biology , and has significantly affected other disciplines such as philosophy , psychology and anthropology . Charles_Darwin developed an interest in natural history while studying first medicine , then theology , at university . Charles_Darwin observations on
eos This theory is now considered a cornerstone of biology , and has significantly affected other disciplines such as philosophy , psychology and anthropology . Charles_Darwin developed an interest in natural history while studying first medicine , then theology , at university . Charles_Darwin observations on Charles_Darwin five - year voyage on the Beagle brought
eos Charles_Darwin developed an interest in natural history while studying first medicine , then theology , at university . Charles_Darwin observations on Charles_Darwin five - year voyage on the Beagle brought Charles_Darwin eminence as a geologist and fame as a popular author . Charles_Darwin biological finds led Charles_Darwin to study the transmutation of species and in 1838 Charles_Darwin conceived
eos Charles_Darwin developed an interest in natural history while studying first medicine , then theology , at university . Charles_Darwin observations on Charles_Darwin five - year voyage on the Beagle brought Charles_Darwin eminence as a geologist and fame as a popular author .
eos Charles_Darwin developed an interest in natural history while studying first medicine , then theology , at university . Charles_Darwin observations on Charles_Darwin five - year voyage on the Beagle brought Charles_Darwin eminence as a geologist and fame as a popular author . Charles_Darwin biological finds led
eos Charles_Darwin developed an interest in natural history while studying first medicine , then theology , at university . Charles_Darwin observations on Charles_Darwin five - year voyage on the Beagle brought Charles_Darwin eminence as a geologist and fame as a popular author . Charles_Darwin biological finds led Charles_Darwin to study the transmutation of species and in 1838
eos Charles_Darwin observations on Charles_Darwin five - year voyage on the Beagle brought Charles_Darwin eminence as a geologist and fame as a popular author . Charles_Darwin biological finds led Charles_Darwin to study the transmutation of species and in 1838 Charles_Darwin conceived Charles_Darwin theory of natural selection . Fully aware that others had been severely punished for such ` ` heretical '' ideas ,
eos Charles_Darwin observations on Charles_Darwin five - year voyage on the Beagle brought Charles_Darwin eminence as a geologist and fame as a popular author . Charles_Darwin biological finds led Charles_Darwin to study the transmutation of species and in 1838 Charles_Darwin conceived Charles_Darwin theory of natural selection . Fully aware that others had been severely punished for such ` ` heretical '' ideas , Charles_Darwin confided only in
eos Charles_Darwin observations on Charles_Darwin five - year voyage on the Beagle brought Charles_Darwin eminence as a geologist and fame as a popular author . Charles_Darwin biological finds led Charles_Darwin to study the transmutation of species and in 1838 Charles_Darwin conceived Charles_Darwin theory of natural selection . Fully aware that others had been severely punished for such ` ` heretical '' ideas , Charles_Darwin confided only in Charles_Darwin closest friends and Charles_Darwin continued
eos Fully aware that others had been severely punished for such ` ` heretical '' ideas , Charles_Darwin confided only in Charles_Darwin closest friends and Charles_Darwin continued Charles_Darwin research to meet anticipated objections . However , in 1858 the information that Alfred Russel Wallace had developed a similar theory forced an early joint publication of the theory .
eos Charles_Darwin 1859 book On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection , or The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ( usually abbreviated to The Origin of Species ) established evolution by common descent as the dominant scientific explanation of diversification in nature .
eos Charles_Darwin 1859 book On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection , or The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ( usually abbreviated to The Origin of Species ) established evolution by common descent as the dominant scientific explanation of diversification in nature . Charles_Darwin continued
eos On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection , or The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ( usually abbreviated to The Origin of Species ) established evolution by common descent as the dominant scientific explanation of diversification in nature . Charles_Darwin continued Charles_Darwin research and Charles_Darwin wrote a series of books on plants and animals , including humankind , notably The Descent of Man , and Selection in Relation to Sex and The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals . In recognition of
eos On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection , or The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ( usually abbreviated to The Origin of Species ) established evolution by common descent as the dominant scientific explanation of diversification in nature . Charles_Darwin continued Charles_Darwin research and Charles_Darwin wrote a series of books on plants and animals , including humankind , notably The Descent of Man , and Selection in Relation to Sex and The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals . In recognition of Charles_Darwin pre - eminence ,
eos 
eos Charles_Dickens ( 7 february 1812 - 9 june 1870 ) , pen - name ` ` Boz '' , was an English novelist . During
eos Charles_Dickens ( 7 february 1812 - 9 june 1870 ) , pen - name ` ` Boz '' , was an English novelist . During Charles_Dickens career
eos Charles_Dickens ( 7 february 1812 - 9 june 1870 ) , pen - name ` ` Boz '' , was an English novelist . During Charles_Dickens career Charles_Dickens achieved massive worldwide popularity , winning acclaim for
eos Charles_Dickens ( 7 february 1812 - 9 june 1870 ) , pen - name ` ` Boz '' , was an English novelist . During Charles_Dickens career Charles_Dickens achieved massive worldwide popularity , winning acclaim for Charles_Dickens rich storytelling and memorable characters . Considered one of the English language 's greatest writers ,
eos During Charles_Dickens career Charles_Dickens achieved massive worldwide popularity , winning acclaim for Charles_Dickens rich storytelling and memorable characters . Considered one of the English language 's greatest writers , Charles_Dickens was the foremost novelist of the Victorian era as well as a vigorous social campaigner . Later critics , beginning with George Gissing and G K. Chesterton , championed
eos During Charles_Dickens career Charles_Dickens achieved massive worldwide popularity , winning acclaim for Charles_Dickens rich storytelling and memorable characters . Considered one of the English language 's greatest writers , Charles_Dickens was the foremost novelist of the Victorian era as well as a vigorous social campaigner . Later critics , beginning with George Gissing and G K. Chesterton , championed Charles_Dickens mastery of prose ,
eos During Charles_Dickens career Charles_Dickens achieved massive worldwide popularity , winning acclaim for Charles_Dickens rich storytelling and memorable characters . Considered one of the English language 's greatest writers , Charles_Dickens was the foremost novelist of the Victorian era as well as a vigorous social campaigner . Later critics , beginning with George Gissing and G K. Chesterton , championed Charles_Dickens mastery of prose , Charles_Dickens endless invention of memorable characters and
eos Considered one of the English language 's greatest writers , Charles_Dickens was the foremost novelist of the Victorian era as well as a vigorous social campaigner . Later critics , beginning with George Gissing and G K. Chesterton , championed Charles_Dickens mastery of prose , Charles_Dickens endless invention of memorable characters and Charles_Dickens powerful social sensibilities . Yet Charles_Dickens also received criticism from
eos Considered one of the English language 's greatest writers , Charles_Dickens was the foremost novelist of the Victorian era as well as a vigorous social campaigner . Later critics , beginning with George Gissing and G K. Chesterton , championed Charles_Dickens mastery of prose , Charles_Dickens endless invention of memorable characters and Charles_Dickens powerful social sensibilities . Yet
eos Later critics , beginning with George Gissing and G K. Chesterton , championed Charles_Dickens mastery of prose , Charles_Dickens endless invention of memorable characters and Charles_Dickens powerful social sensibilities . Yet Charles_Dickens also received criticism from Charles_Dickens more rarefied readers , including George Henry Lewes , Henry James , and Virginia Woolf , who list faults such as sentimentality , unrealistic events and grotesque characters . The popularity of
eos Later critics , beginning with George Gissing and G K. Chesterton , championed Charles_Dickens mastery of prose , Charles_Dickens endless invention of memorable characters and Charles_Dickens powerful social sensibilities . Yet Charles_Dickens also received criticism from Charles_Dickens more rarefied readers , including George Henry Lewes , Henry James , and Virginia Woolf , who list faults such as sentimentality , unrealistic events and grotesque characters . The popularity of Charles_Dickens novels and short stories during
eos Yet Charles_Dickens also received criticism from Charles_Dickens more rarefied readers , including George Henry Lewes , Henry James , and Virginia Woolf , who list faults such as sentimentality , unrealistic events and grotesque characters . The popularity of Charles_Dickens novels and short stories during Charles_Dickens lifetime and to the present is demonstrated by the fact that none has ever gone out of print .
eos Yet Charles_Dickens also received criticism from Charles_Dickens more rarefied readers , including George Henry Lewes , Henry James , and Virginia Woolf , who list faults such as sentimentality , unrealistic events and grotesque characters . The popularity of Charles_Dickens novels and short stories during Charles_Dickens lifetime and to the present is demonstrated by the fact that none has ever gone out of print . Charles_Dickens wrote serialised novels , which was the usual format for fiction at the time , and each new part of
eos The popularity of Charles_Dickens novels and short stories during Charles_Dickens lifetime and to the present is demonstrated by the fact that none has ever gone out of print . Charles_Dickens wrote serialised novels , which was the usual format for fiction at the time , and each new part of Charles_Dickens stories would be eagerly anticipated by the reading public .
eos The popularity of Charles_Dickens novels and short stories during Charles_Dickens lifetime and to the present is demonstrated by the fact that none has ever gone out of print . Charles_Dickens wrote serialised novels , which was the usual format for fiction at the time , and each new part of Charles_Dickens stories would be eagerly anticipated by the reading public . Charles_Dickens is regarded by many as the greatest writer of
eos 
eos Charles_Maurice_de_Talleyrand-Perigord , Prince de Benevente ( february 2 , 1754 - May 17 , 1838 ) was a French diplomat .
eos Charles_Maurice_de_Talleyrand-Perigord worked successfully from the regime of Louis XVI , through the French Revolution and then under Napoleon I , Louis XVIII and Louis - Philippe . Known since the turn of the 19th century simply by the name Talleyrand ,
eos 
eos 
eos Christopher_Columbus ( Italian : Cristoforo Colombo ; Portuguese : Cristóvão Colombo , formerly Christovam Colon ; Spanish : Cristóbal Colón ; Catalan : Cristòfor Colom ; c 1451-May 20 , 1506 ) was a navigator and an admiral for the Crown of Castile .
eos ( Italian : Cristoforo Colombo ; Portuguese : Cristóvão Colombo , formerly Christovam Colon ; Spanish : Cristóbal Colón ; Catalan : Cristòfor Colom ; c 1451-May 20 , 1506 ) was a navigator and an admiral for the Crown of Castile . Christopher_Columbus voyages to the Americas began a European effort at exploration and colonization of the continent . While history places great significance on
eos ( Italian : Cristoforo Colombo ; Portuguese : Cristóvão Colombo , formerly Christovam Colon ; Spanish : Cristóbal Colón ; Catalan : Cristòfor Colom ; c 1451-May 20 , 1506 ) was a navigator and an admiral for the Crown of Castile . Christopher_Columbus voyages to the Americas began a European effort at exploration and colonization of the continent . While history places great significance on Christopher_Columbus first voyage of 1492 ,
eos ( Italian : Cristoforo Colombo ; Portuguese : Cristóvão Colombo , formerly Christovam Colon ; Spanish : Cristóbal Colón ; Catalan : Cristòfor Colom ; c 1451-May 20 , 1506 ) was a navigator and an admiral for the Crown of Castile . Christopher_Columbus voyages to the Americas began a European effort at exploration and colonization of the continent . While history places great significance on Christopher_Columbus first voyage of 1492 , Christopher_Columbus did not actually reach the mainland until
eos Christopher_Columbus voyages to the Americas began a European effort at exploration and colonization of the continent . While history places great significance on Christopher_Columbus first voyage of 1492 , Christopher_Columbus did not actually reach the mainland until Christopher_Columbus third voyage in 1498 . Likewise ,
eos While history places great significance on Christopher_Columbus first voyage of 1492 , Christopher_Columbus did not actually reach the mainland until Christopher_Columbus third voyage in 1498 . Likewise , Christopher_Columbus was not the earliest European explorer to reach the Americas , as there are accounts of European transatlantic contact prior to 1492 . Nevertheless ,
eos Therefore , the period before 1492 is known as Pre - Columbian , and the anniversary of this event ( vd . Columbus Day ) is celebrated throughout the Americas and in Spain and Italy . However , as the legacy of colonialism in the Americas is today viewed somewhat more negatively than in the past ,
eos 
eos Christopher_Hitchens ( born in Portsmouth , England april 13 , 1949 ) is an author , journalist and literary critic . Now living in Washington , DC ,
eos Christopher_Hitchens ( born in Portsmouth , England april 13 , 1949 ) is an author , journalist and literary critic . Now living in Washington , DC , Christopher_Hitchens has been a columnist at Vanity Fair , The Nation and Slate ; additionally ,
eos Christopher_Hitchens ( born in Portsmouth , England april 13 , 1949 ) is an author , journalist and literary critic . Now living in Washington , DC , Christopher_Hitchens has been a columnist at Vanity Fair , The Nation and Slate ; additionally , Christopher_Hitchens is an occasional contributor to many other publications . Most recently
eos Now living in Washington , DC , Christopher_Hitchens has been a columnist at Vanity Fair , The Nation and Slate ; additionally , Christopher_Hitchens is an occasional contributor to many other publications . Most recently Christopher_Hitchens has appeared regularly in the Wall Street Journal .
eos Now living in Washington , DC , Christopher_Hitchens has been a columnist at Vanity Fair , The Nation and Slate ; additionally , Christopher_Hitchens is an occasional contributor to many other publications . Most recently Christopher_Hitchens has appeared regularly in the Wall Street Journal . Christopher_Hitchens is known for
eos Most recently Christopher_Hitchens has appeared regularly in the Wall Street Journal . Christopher_Hitchens is known for Christopher_Hitchens iconoclasm , anti - clericalism , atheism , antitheism , anti - fascism and anti - monarchism .
eos Most recently Christopher_Hitchens has appeared regularly in the Wall Street Journal . Christopher_Hitchens is known for Christopher_Hitchens iconoclasm , anti - clericalism , atheism , antitheism , anti - fascism and anti - monarchism . Christopher_Hitchens is also noted for
eos Most recently Christopher_Hitchens has appeared regularly in the Wall Street Journal . Christopher_Hitchens is known for Christopher_Hitchens iconoclasm , anti - clericalism , atheism , antitheism , anti - fascism and anti - monarchism . Christopher_Hitchens is also noted for Christopher_Hitchens acidic wit and
eos Christopher_Hitchens is known for Christopher_Hitchens iconoclasm , anti - clericalism , atheism , antitheism , anti - fascism and anti - monarchism . Christopher_Hitchens is also noted for Christopher_Hitchens acidic wit and Christopher_Hitchens noisy departure from the Anglo - American political left .
eos Christopher_Hitchens is also noted for Christopher_Hitchens acidic wit and Christopher_Hitchens noisy departure from the Anglo - American political left . Christopher_Hitchens was formerly a Trotskyist and a fixture in the left wing publications of Britain and America . But a series of disagreements beginning in the early 1990s led to
eos Christopher_Hitchens was formerly a Trotskyist and a fixture in the left wing publications of Britain and America . But a series of disagreements beginning in the early 1990s led to Christopher_Hitchens resignation from The Nation shortly after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . While
eos Christopher_Hitchens was formerly a Trotskyist and a fixture in the left wing publications of Britain and America . But a series of disagreements beginning in the early 1990s led to Christopher_Hitchens resignation from The Nation shortly after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . While Christopher_Hitchens idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification ,
eos Christopher_Hitchens was formerly a Trotskyist and a fixture in the left wing publications of Britain and America . But a series of disagreements beginning in the early 1990s led to Christopher_Hitchens resignation from The Nation shortly after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . While Christopher_Hitchens idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification , Christopher_Hitchens is a vociferous critic of what
eos Christopher_Hitchens was formerly a Trotskyist and a fixture in the left wing publications of Britain and America . But a series of disagreements beginning in the early 1990s led to Christopher_Hitchens resignation from The Nation shortly after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . While Christopher_Hitchens idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification , Christopher_Hitchens is a vociferous critic of what Christopher_Hitchens describes as ` ` fascism with an Islamic face , '' and
eos But a series of disagreements beginning in the early 1990s led to Christopher_Hitchens resignation from The Nation shortly after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . While Christopher_Hitchens idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification , Christopher_Hitchens is a vociferous critic of what Christopher_Hitchens describes as ` ` fascism with an Islamic face , '' and Christopher_Hitchens is sometimes described as a ` ` neoconservative '' .
eos But a series of disagreements beginning in the early 1990s led to Christopher_Hitchens resignation from The Nation shortly after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . While Christopher_Hitchens idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification , Christopher_Hitchens is a vociferous critic of what Christopher_Hitchens describes as ` ` fascism with an Islamic face , '' and Christopher_Hitchens is sometimes described as a ` ` neoconservative '' . Christopher_Hitchens describes
eos But a series of disagreements beginning in the early 1990s led to Christopher_Hitchens resignation from The Nation shortly after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . While Christopher_Hitchens idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification , Christopher_Hitchens is a vociferous critic of what Christopher_Hitchens describes as ` ` fascism with an Islamic face , '' and Christopher_Hitchens is sometimes described as a ` ` neoconservative '' . Christopher_Hitchens describes Christopher_Hitchens as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to
eos While Christopher_Hitchens idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification , Christopher_Hitchens is a vociferous critic of what Christopher_Hitchens describes as ` ` fascism with an Islamic face , '' and Christopher_Hitchens is sometimes described as a ` ` neoconservative '' . Christopher_Hitchens describes Christopher_Hitchens as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to Christopher_Hitchens ` ` temporary neocon allies '' .
eos While Christopher_Hitchens idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification , Christopher_Hitchens is a vociferous critic of what Christopher_Hitchens describes as ` ` fascism with an Islamic face , '' and Christopher_Hitchens is sometimes described as a ` ` neoconservative '' . Christopher_Hitchens describes Christopher_Hitchens as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to Christopher_Hitchens ` ` temporary neocon allies '' . Christopher_Hitchens no longer considers
eos While Christopher_Hitchens idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification , Christopher_Hitchens is a vociferous critic of what Christopher_Hitchens describes as ` ` fascism with an Islamic face , '' and Christopher_Hitchens is sometimes described as a ` ` neoconservative '' . Christopher_Hitchens describes Christopher_Hitchens as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to Christopher_Hitchens ` ` temporary neocon allies '' . Christopher_Hitchens no longer considers Christopher_Hitchens a Trotskyist or even a socialist ; yet
eos While Christopher_Hitchens idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification , Christopher_Hitchens is a vociferous critic of what Christopher_Hitchens describes as ` ` fascism with an Islamic face , '' and Christopher_Hitchens is sometimes described as a ` ` neoconservative '' . Christopher_Hitchens describes Christopher_Hitchens as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to Christopher_Hitchens ` ` temporary neocon allies '' . Christopher_Hitchens no longer considers Christopher_Hitchens a Trotskyist or even a socialist ; yet Christopher_Hitchens maintains that
eos Christopher_Hitchens describes Christopher_Hitchens as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to Christopher_Hitchens ` ` temporary neocon allies '' . Christopher_Hitchens no longer considers Christopher_Hitchens a Trotskyist or even a socialist ; yet Christopher_Hitchens maintains that Christopher_Hitchens political views have not changed significantly .
eos Christopher_Hitchens describes Christopher_Hitchens as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to Christopher_Hitchens ` ` temporary neocon allies '' . Christopher_Hitchens no longer considers Christopher_Hitchens a Trotskyist or even a socialist ; yet Christopher_Hitchens maintains that Christopher_Hitchens political views have not changed significantly . Christopher_Hitchens points out that , throughout
eos Christopher_Hitchens describes Christopher_Hitchens as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to Christopher_Hitchens ` ` temporary neocon allies '' . Christopher_Hitchens no longer considers Christopher_Hitchens a Trotskyist or even a socialist ; yet Christopher_Hitchens maintains that Christopher_Hitchens political views have not changed significantly . Christopher_Hitchens points out that , throughout Christopher_Hitchens career ,
eos Christopher_Hitchens describes Christopher_Hitchens as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to Christopher_Hitchens ` ` temporary neocon allies '' . Christopher_Hitchens no longer considers Christopher_Hitchens a Trotskyist or even a socialist ; yet Christopher_Hitchens maintains that Christopher_Hitchens political views have not changed significantly . Christopher_Hitchens points out that , throughout Christopher_Hitchens career , Christopher_Hitchens has been both an atheist and an antitheist , and that
eos Christopher_Hitchens describes Christopher_Hitchens as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to Christopher_Hitchens ` ` temporary neocon allies '' . Christopher_Hitchens no longer considers Christopher_Hitchens a Trotskyist or even a socialist ; yet Christopher_Hitchens maintains that Christopher_Hitchens political views have not changed significantly . Christopher_Hitchens points out that , throughout Christopher_Hitchens career , Christopher_Hitchens has been both an atheist and an antitheist , and that Christopher_Hitchens has always remained a believer in the Enlightenment values of secularism , humanism and reason ;
eos 
eos Cliff_Richard OBE , ( born Harry Rodger Webb ; 14 october , 1940 ; Lucknow , India ) is a major pop star and singer from England . With
eos Cliff_Richard OBE , ( born Harry Rodger Webb ; 14 october , 1940 ; Lucknow , India ) is a major pop star and singer from England . With Cliff_Richard backing group The Shadows ,
eos Cliff_Richard OBE , ( born Harry Rodger Webb ; 14 october , 1940 ; Lucknow , India ) is a major pop star and singer from England . With Cliff_Richard backing group The Shadows , Cliff_Richard dominated the British popular music scene in the late 1950s and early 1960s , before the advent of The Beatles . A conversion to Christianity and subsequent softening of
eos Cliff_Richard OBE , ( born Harry Rodger Webb ; 14 october , 1940 ; Lucknow , India ) is a major pop star and singer from England . With Cliff_Richard backing group The Shadows , Cliff_Richard dominated the British popular music scene in the late 1950s and early 1960s , before the advent of The Beatles . A conversion to Christianity and subsequent softening of Cliff_Richard music led to
eos With Cliff_Richard backing group The Shadows , Cliff_Richard dominated the British popular music scene in the late 1950s and early 1960s , before the advent of The Beatles . A conversion to Christianity and subsequent softening of Cliff_Richard music led to Cliff_Richard having more of a pop than rock image . Although never able to achieve the same impact in the United States as
eos With Cliff_Richard backing group The Shadows , Cliff_Richard dominated the British popular music scene in the late 1950s and early 1960s , before the advent of The Beatles . A conversion to Christianity and subsequent softening of Cliff_Richard music led to Cliff_Richard having more of a pop than rock image . Although never able to achieve the same impact in the United States as Cliff_Richard had in Britain , in spite of having several chart hits there ,
eos A conversion to Christianity and subsequent softening of Cliff_Richard music led to Cliff_Richard having more of a pop than rock image . Although never able to achieve the same impact in the United States as Cliff_Richard had in Britain , in spite of having several chart hits there , Cliff_Richard has remained a popular music , film , and television personality in the UK and Cliff_Richard also retains a following in several other countries . During the last six decades ,
eos Although never able to achieve the same impact in the United States as Cliff_Richard had in Britain , in spite of having several chart hits there , Cliff_Richard has remained a popular music , film , and television personality in the UK and Cliff_Richard also retains a following in several other countries . During the last six decades , Cliff_Richard has charted many hit singles , and Cliff_Richard holds the record ( along with Elvis Presley ) as the only act to make the UK singles charts in all of its active decades ( 1950s-2000s ) . According to
eos Although never able to achieve the same impact in the United States as Cliff_Richard had in Britain , in spite of having several chart hits there , Cliff_Richard has remained a popular music , film , and television personality in the UK and Cliff_Richard also retains a following in several other countries . During the last six decades , Cliff_Richard has charted many hit singles , and Cliff_Richard holds the record ( along with Elvis Presley ) as the only act to make the UK singles charts in all of its active decades ( 1950s-2000s ) . According to Cliff_Richard website ,
eos Although never able to achieve the same impact in the United States as Cliff_Richard had in Britain , in spite of having several chart hits there , Cliff_Richard has remained a popular music , film , and television personality in the UK and Cliff_Richard also retains a following in several other countries . During the last six decades , Cliff_Richard has charted many hit singles , and Cliff_Richard holds the record ( along with Elvis Presley ) as the only act to make the UK singles charts in all of its active decades ( 1950s-2000s ) . According to Cliff_Richard website , Cliff_Richard has sold 250 million records over the course of
eos During the last six decades , Cliff_Richard has charted many hit singles , and Cliff_Richard holds the record ( along with Elvis Presley ) as the only act to make the UK singles charts in all of its active decades ( 1950s-2000s ) . According to Cliff_Richard website , Cliff_Richard has sold 250 million records over the course of Cliff_Richard career . In the British charts alone ,
eos 
eos Clifford_Geertz ( august 23 1926 , San Francisco - october 30 2006 , Philadelphia ) was an American anthropologist and Clifford_Geertz served until
eos 
eos Constantine_I ( february 27 , 272-May 22 , 337 ) , commonly known as Constantine I , Constantine the Great , or ( among Eastern Orthodox and Eastern Catholic Christians ) Saint Constantine , was a Roman Emperor , proclaimed Augustus by
eos Constantine_I ( february 27 , 272-May 22 , 337 ) , commonly known as Constantine I , Constantine the Great , or ( among Eastern Orthodox and Eastern Catholic Christians ) Saint Constantine , was a Roman Emperor , proclaimed Augustus by Constantine_I troops on july 25,306 and
eos Constantine_I ( february 27 , 272-May 22 , 337 ) , commonly known as Constantine I , Constantine the Great , or ( among Eastern Orthodox and Eastern Catholic Christians ) Saint Constantine , was a Roman Emperor , proclaimed Augustus by Constantine_I troops on july 25,306 and Constantine_I ruled an ever - growing portion of the Roman Empire until
eos Constantine_I ( february 27 , 272-May 22 , 337 ) , commonly known as Constantine I , Constantine the Great , or ( among Eastern Orthodox and Eastern Catholic Christians ) Saint Constantine , was a Roman Emperor , proclaimed Augustus by Constantine_I troops on july 25,306 and Constantine_I ruled an ever - growing portion of the Roman Empire until Constantine_I death .
eos ruled an ever - growing portion of the Roman Empire until Constantine_I death . Constantine_I is best remembered in modern times for the Edict of Milan in 313 , which fully legalized Christianity in the Empire , for the first time , and the Council of Nicaea in 325 ; these actions are considered major factors in the spreading of the Christian religion .
eos ruled an ever - growing portion of the Roman Empire until Constantine_I death . Constantine_I is best remembered in modern times for the Edict of Milan in 313 , which fully legalized Christianity in the Empire , for the first time , and the Council of Nicaea in 325 ; these actions are considered major factors in the spreading of the Christian religion . Constantine_I reputation as the ` ` first Christian Emperor '' has been promulgated by historians from Lactantius and Eusebius of Caesarea to the present day , although there has been debate over the veracity of
eos Constantine_I is best remembered in modern times for the Edict of Milan in 313 , which fully legalized Christianity in the Empire , for the first time , and the Council of Nicaea in 325 ; these actions are considered major factors in the spreading of the Christian religion . Constantine_I reputation as the ` ` first Christian Emperor '' has been promulgated by historians from Lactantius and Eusebius of Caesarea to the present day , although there has been debate over the veracity of Constantine_I faith . This debate stems from Constantine_I continued support for pagan deities and the fact that Constantine_I was baptized very close to
eos Constantine_I is best remembered in modern times for the Edict of Milan in 313 , which fully legalized Christianity in the Empire , for the first time , and the Council of Nicaea in 325 ; these actions are considered major factors in the spreading of the Christian religion . Constantine_I reputation as the ` ` first Christian Emperor '' has been promulgated by historians from Lactantius and Eusebius of Caesarea to the present day , although there has been debate over the veracity of Constantine_I faith . This debate stems from
eos Constantine_I is best remembered in modern times for the Edict of Milan in 313 , which fully legalized Christianity in the Empire , for the first time , and the Council of Nicaea in 325 ; these actions are considered major factors in the spreading of the Christian religion . Constantine_I reputation as the ` ` first Christian Emperor '' has been promulgated by historians from Lactantius and Eusebius of Caesarea to the present day , although there has been debate over the veracity of Constantine_I faith . This debate stems from Constantine_I continued support for pagan deities and the fact that
eos 
eos Cornel_West ( born june 2 , 1953 in Tulsa , Oklahoma ) is a prominent African - American scholar and public intellectual . Formerly at Harvard University ,
eos Cornel_West ( born june 2 , 1953 in Tulsa , Oklahoma ) is a prominent African - American scholar and public intellectual . Formerly at Harvard University , Cornel_West is currently a professor of Religion at Princeton .
eos 
eos Craig_Kielburger was born december 17 , 1982 in Thornhill , Ontario , Canada .
eos Craig_Kielburger was born december 17 , 1982 in Thornhill , Ontario , Canada . Craig_Kielburger is an accomplished child rights advocate and leadership specialist .
eos Craig_Kielburger is an accomplished child rights advocate and leadership specialist . Craig_Kielburger also is an award - winning author and a popular speaker , thrice nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize .
eos Craig_Kielburger also is an award - winning author and a popular speaker , thrice nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize . Craig_Kielburger has founded Free The Children , the world 's largest network of children helping children through education , and Craig_Kielburger has co - founded Leaders Today , a youth leadership training organization known around the world . Since
eos Craig_Kielburger also is an award - winning author and a popular speaker , thrice nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize . Craig_Kielburger has founded Free The Children , the world 's largest network of children helping children through education , and Craig_Kielburger has co - founded Leaders Today , a youth leadership training organization known around the world . Since Craig_Kielburger organized the former group at the age of 12 ,
eos 
eos Kuruš , modern Persian : کوروش , Kourosh ; ca . 576 or 590 BC - july 529 BC ) , also known as Cyrus II of Persia and Cyrus the Elder , was the founder of the Persian Empire under the Achaemenid dynasty . As leader of the Persian people in Anshan ,
eos Kuruš , modern Persian : کوروش , Kourosh ; ca . 576 or 590 BC - july 529 BC ) , also known as Cyrus II of Persia and Cyrus the Elder , was the founder of the Persian Empire under the Achaemenid dynasty . As leader of the Persian people in Anshan , Cyrus_the_Great conquered the Medes and Cyrus_the_Great unified the two separate Iranian kingdoms ; as the king of Persia ,
eos Kuruš , modern Persian : کوروش , Kourosh ; ca . 576 or 590 BC - july 529 BC ) , also known as Cyrus II of Persia and Cyrus the Elder , was the founder of the Persian Empire under the Achaemenid dynasty . As leader of the Persian people in Anshan , Cyrus_the_Great conquered the Medes and Cyrus_the_Great unified the two separate Iranian kingdoms ; as the king of Persia , Cyrus_the_Great reigned over the new empire from 559 BC until
eos 576 or 590 BC - july 529 BC ) , also known as Cyrus II of Persia and Cyrus the Elder , was the founder of the Persian Empire under the Achaemenid dynasty . As leader of the Persian people in Anshan , Cyrus_the_Great conquered the Medes and Cyrus_the_Great unified the two separate Iranian kingdoms ; as the king of Persia , Cyrus_the_Great reigned over the new empire from 559 BC until Cyrus_the_Great death . The empire expanded under
eos 
eos Dan_George ( july 24 , 1899-september 23 , 1981 ) was a chief of the Tsleil - Waututh , a Salish First Nations people located in Burrard Inlet , British Columbia .
eos Dan_George ( july 24 , 1899-september 23 , 1981 ) was a chief of the Tsleil - Waututh , a Salish First Nations people located in Burrard Inlet , British Columbia . Dan_George was also a notable actor .
eos Dan_George was also a notable actor . Dan_George was born Geswanouth Slahoot on a First Nations reserve in North Vancouver in 1899 .
eos Dan_George was born Geswanouth Slahoot on a First Nations reserve in North Vancouver in 1899 . Dan_George English name was Dan Slaholt .
eos Dan_George was born Geswanouth Slahoot on a First Nations reserve in North Vancouver in 1899 . Dan_George English name was Dan Slaholt . Dan_George last name was changed to George when
eos Dan_George English name was Dan Slaholt . Dan_George last name was changed to George when Dan_George entered a residential school at the age of 5 .
eos Dan_George last name was changed to George when Dan_George entered a residential school at the age of 5 . Dan_George worked at a number of different jobs including longshoreman , construction worker and school bus driver .
eos Dan_George worked at a number of different jobs including longshoreman , construction worker and school bus driver . Dan_George was chief of the Tsleil - Waututh from 1951 to 1963 . When Dan_George was over 60 ,
eos Dan_George worked at a number of different jobs including longshoreman , construction worker and school bus driver . Dan_George was chief of the Tsleil - Waututh from 1951 to 1963 . When Dan_George was over 60 , Dan_George got
eos Dan_George worked at a number of different jobs including longshoreman , construction worker and school bus driver . Dan_George was chief of the Tsleil - Waututh from 1951 to 1963 . When
eos When Dan_George was over 60 , Dan_George got Dan_George first job acting in a CBC television series , Cariboo Country , in 1960 , as the character ` ` Ol' Antoine '' ( pron . An - twine ) .
eos An - twine ) . Dan_George performed the same role in a Walt Disney Studios movie , Smith ! , adapted from an episode in this series ( based on Breaking Smith 's Quarter Horse , a novella by Paul St. Pierre . At the age of 71 ,
eos An - twine ) . Dan_George performed the same role in a Walt Disney Studios movie , Smith ! , adapted from an episode in this series ( based on Breaking Smith 's Quarter Horse , a novella by Paul St. Pierre . At the age of 71 , Dan_George won several awards for
eos Dan_George performed the same role in a Walt Disney Studios movie , Smith ! , adapted from an episode in this series ( based on Breaking Smith 's Quarter Horse , a novella by Paul St. Pierre . At the age of 71 , Dan_George won several awards for Dan_George role in the film Little Big Man , including a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor .
eos At the age of 71 , Dan_George won several awards for Dan_George role in the film Little Big Man , including a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor . Dan_George continued to act in other movies , such as The Outlaw Josey Wales and Harry and Tonto , and on television , including the miniseries Centennial , based on the book by James A Michener .
eos Dan_George continued to act in other movies , such as The Outlaw Josey Wales and Harry and Tonto , and on television , including the miniseries Centennial , based on the book by James A Michener . Dan_George performed the role of Rita Joe 's father in George Ryga 's stage play , The Ecstasy of Rita Joe , in performances held in Vancouver , the National Arts Centre in Ottawa and Washington . During
eos Dan_George continued to act in other movies , such as The Outlaw Josey Wales and Harry and Tonto , and on television , including the miniseries Centennial , based on the book by James A Michener . Dan_George performed the role of Rita Joe 's father in George Ryga 's stage play , The Ecstasy of Rita Joe , in performances held in Vancouver , the National Arts Centre in Ottawa and Washington . During Dan_George acting career ,
eos Dan_George performed the role of Rita Joe 's father in George Ryga 's stage play , The Ecstasy of Rita Joe , in performances held in Vancouver , the National Arts Centre in Ottawa and Washington . During Dan_George acting career , Dan_George also worked to promote better understanding by non - aboriginals of First Nations people .
eos During Dan_George acting career , Dan_George also worked to promote better understanding by non - aboriginals of First Nations people . Dan_George soliloquy , Lament for Confederation , a riveting indictment of the appropriation of native territory by white colonialism , was performed at the city of Vancouver 's celebration of the Canadian centennial in 1967 ; this speech is credited with escalating native political activism in Canada as well as touching off widespread pro - native sentiment among non - natives . In 1971 ,
eos Dan_George soliloquy , Lament for Confederation , a riveting indictment of the appropriation of native territory by white colonialism , was performed at the city of Vancouver 's celebration of the Canadian centennial in 1967 ; this speech is credited with escalating native political activism in Canada as well as touching off widespread pro - native sentiment among non - natives . In 1971 , Dan_George was made an Officer of the Order of Canada .
eos 
eos Daniel_Dennett ( b. march 28 1942 in Boston , Massachusetts ) , is a prominent American philosopher .
eos 
eos Daniel_Kahneman ( born march 5 , 1934 in Tel Aviv ) , is an American psychologist , notable for
eos Daniel_Kahneman ( born march 5 , 1934 in Tel Aviv ) , is an American psychologist , notable for Daniel_Kahneman pioneering work on behavioral finance and hedonic psychology . With Amos Tversky and others ,
eos Daniel_Kahneman ( born march 5 , 1934 in Tel Aviv ) , is an American psychologist , notable for Daniel_Kahneman pioneering work on behavioral finance and hedonic psychology . With Amos Tversky and others , Daniel_Kahneman established a cognitive basis for common human errors using heuristics and in developing prospect theory .
eos Daniel_Kahneman ( born march 5 , 1934 in Tel Aviv ) , is an American psychologist , notable for Daniel_Kahneman pioneering work on behavioral finance and hedonic psychology . With Amos Tversky and others , Daniel_Kahneman established a cognitive basis for common human errors using heuristics and in developing prospect theory . Daniel_Kahneman spent
eos With Amos Tversky and others , Daniel_Kahneman established a cognitive basis for common human errors using heuristics and in developing prospect theory . Daniel_Kahneman spent Daniel_Kahneman childhood years in Paris , France and Daniel_Kahneman moved to Palestine in 1946 .
eos With Amos Tversky and others , Daniel_Kahneman established a cognitive basis for common human errors using heuristics and in developing prospect theory . Daniel_Kahneman spent Daniel_Kahneman childhood years in Paris , France and Daniel_Kahneman moved to Palestine in 1946 . Daniel_Kahneman received
eos With Amos Tversky and others , Daniel_Kahneman established a cognitive basis for common human errors using heuristics and in developing prospect theory . Daniel_Kahneman spent Daniel_Kahneman childhood years in Paris , France and Daniel_Kahneman moved to Palestine in 1946 . Daniel_Kahneman received Daniel_Kahneman BSc in mathematics and psychology from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem in 1954 , after which
eos Daniel_Kahneman spent Daniel_Kahneman childhood years in Paris , France and Daniel_Kahneman moved to Palestine in 1946 . Daniel_Kahneman received Daniel_Kahneman BSc in mathematics and psychology from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem in 1954 , after which Daniel_Kahneman served in the Israeli Defense Forces , principally in its psychology department . In 1958
eos Daniel_Kahneman spent Daniel_Kahneman childhood years in Paris , France and Daniel_Kahneman moved to Palestine in 1946 . Daniel_Kahneman received Daniel_Kahneman BSc in mathematics and psychology from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem in 1954 , after which Daniel_Kahneman served in the Israeli Defense Forces , principally in its psychology department . In 1958 Daniel_Kahneman went to the United States and Daniel_Kahneman earned
eos Daniel_Kahneman received Daniel_Kahneman BSc in mathematics and psychology from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem in 1954 , after which Daniel_Kahneman served in the Israeli Defense Forces , principally in its psychology department . In 1958 Daniel_Kahneman went to the United States and Daniel_Kahneman earned Daniel_Kahneman PhD in Psychology from the University of California , Berkeley in 1961 . Currently a faculty member at Princeton University and a fellow at Hebrew University ,
eos Daniel_Kahneman received Daniel_Kahneman BSc in mathematics and psychology from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem in 1954 , after which Daniel_Kahneman served in the Israeli Defense Forces , principally in its psychology department . In 1958 Daniel_Kahneman went to the United States and Daniel_Kahneman earned Daniel_Kahneman PhD in Psychology from the University of California , Berkeley in 1961 . Currently a faculty member at Princeton University and a fellow at Hebrew University , Daniel_Kahneman is the winner of the 2002 Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for
eos In 1958 Daniel_Kahneman went to the United States and Daniel_Kahneman earned Daniel_Kahneman PhD in Psychology from the University of California , Berkeley in 1961 . Currently a faculty member at Princeton University and a fellow at Hebrew University , Daniel_Kahneman is the winner of the 2002 Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for Daniel_Kahneman work in prospect theory , despite being a research psychologist and not an economist . In fact ,
eos Currently a faculty member at Princeton University and a fellow at Hebrew University , Daniel_Kahneman is the winner of the 2002 Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for Daniel_Kahneman work in prospect theory , despite being a research psychologist and not an economist . In fact , Daniel_Kahneman claims to have never taken a single economics course -
eos Currently a faculty member at Princeton University and a fellow at Hebrew University , Daniel_Kahneman is the winner of the 2002 Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for Daniel_Kahneman work in prospect theory , despite being a research psychologist and not an economist . In fact , Daniel_Kahneman claims to have never taken a single economics course - Daniel_Kahneman claims that what
eos Currently a faculty member at Princeton University and a fellow at Hebrew University , Daniel_Kahneman is the winner of the 2002 Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for Daniel_Kahneman work in prospect theory , despite being a research psychologist and not an economist . In fact , Daniel_Kahneman claims to have never taken a single economics course - Daniel_Kahneman claims that what Daniel_Kahneman knows of the subject
eos In fact , Daniel_Kahneman claims to have never taken a single economics course - Daniel_Kahneman claims that what Daniel_Kahneman knows of the subject Daniel_Kahneman and Tversky learned from collaborators Richard Thaler and Jack Knetsch . In explaining why
eos In fact , Daniel_Kahneman claims to have never taken a single economics course - Daniel_Kahneman claims that what Daniel_Kahneman knows of the subject Daniel_Kahneman and Tversky learned from collaborators Richard Thaler and Jack Knetsch . In explaining why Daniel_Kahneman entered the field of psychology ,
eos 
eos David_Attenborough , OM , CH , CVO , CBE , FRS ( born on May 8 , 1926 in London , England ) is one of the world 's best known broadcasters and naturalists . Widely considered one of the pioneers of the nature documentary ,
eos David_Attenborough , OM , CH , CVO , CBE , FRS ( born on May 8 , 1926 in London , England ) is one of the world 's best known broadcasters and naturalists . Widely considered one of the pioneers of the nature documentary , David_Attenborough has written and presented eight major series ( with a ninth in production ) surveying nearly every aspect of life on Earth .
eos Widely considered one of the pioneers of the nature documentary , David_Attenborough has written and presented eight major series ( with a ninth in production ) surveying nearly every aspect of life on Earth . David_Attenborough is also a former senior manager at the BBC , having served as controller of BBC2 and director of programming for BBC Television in the 1960s and 1970s .
eos 
eos David_Beckham OBE ( born May 2 , 1975 ) is an English footballer
eos David_Beckham OBE ( born May 2 , 1975 ) is an English footballer David_Beckham plays for Real Madrid . Named a member of Pelé 's FIFA 100 ,
eos David_Beckham OBE ( born May 2 , 1975 ) is an English footballer David_Beckham plays for Real Madrid . Named a member of Pelé 's FIFA 100 , David_Beckham is one of the most famous players in the world , and considered a celebrity even outside the football world .
eos Named a member of Pelé 's FIFA 100 , David_Beckham is one of the most famous players in the world , and considered a celebrity even outside the football world . David_Beckham is the fifth most capped England player of all time , and in addition to being the only Englishman to score in three different World Cups , David_Beckham is also only the fifth player in World Cup history to score twice from direct free kicks .
eos David_Beckham is the fifth most capped England player of all time , and in addition to being the only Englishman to score in three different World Cups , David_Beckham is also only the fifth player in World Cup history to score twice from direct free kicks . David_Beckham was captain of the English national team from 15 november 2000 to 2 july , 2006 .
eos David_Beckham is the fifth most capped England player of all time , and in addition to being the only Englishman to score in three different World Cups , David_Beckham is also only the fifth player in World Cup history to score twice from direct free kicks . David_Beckham was captain of the English national team from 15 november 2000 to 2 july , 2006 . David_Beckham career began when
eos David_Beckham is the fifth most capped England player of all time , and in addition to being the only Englishman to score in three different World Cups , David_Beckham is also only the fifth player in World Cup history to score twice from direct free kicks . David_Beckham was captain of the English national team from 15 november 2000 to 2 july , 2006 . David_Beckham career began when David_Beckham signed a professional contract with Manchester United , making
eos David_Beckham was captain of the English national team from 15 november 2000 to 2 july , 2006 . David_Beckham career began when David_Beckham signed a professional contract with Manchester United , making David_Beckham first first - team appearance in 1992 , at the age of 17 . While with Manchester United
eos David_Beckham career began when David_Beckham signed a professional contract with Manchester United , making David_Beckham first first - team appearance in 1992 , at the age of 17 . While with Manchester United David_Beckham played a key role in their dominance of the FA Premier League , being pivotal in accomplishing The Treble of the League , FA Cup , and UEFA Champions League in 1999 .
eos While with Manchester United David_Beckham played a key role in their dominance of the FA Premier League , being pivotal in accomplishing The Treble of the League , FA Cup , and UEFA Champions League in 1999 . David_Beckham left the club to became only the third Englishman to sign for Real Madrid in 2003 , after Laurie Cunningham and Steve McManaman . In 2006 , after England 's quarter - final exit at the World Cup in Germany ,
eos David_Beckham left the club to became only the third Englishman to sign for Real Madrid in 2003 , after Laurie Cunningham and Steve McManaman . In 2006 , after England 's quarter - final exit at the World Cup in Germany , David_Beckham stood down as captain and David_Beckham was then succeeded by Chelsea captain John Terry .
eos 
eos David_Lloyd_George , 1st Earl Lloyd George of Dwyfor , OM , PC ( 17 january 1863 - 26 march 1945 ) was a British statesman
eos 
eos David_Thompson_explorer ( april 30 , 1770 - february 10 , 1857 ) , was an English - Canadian map - maker and explorer , known to native peoples as ` ` the Stargazer '' .
eos David_Thompson_explorer ( april 30 , 1770 - february 10 , 1857 ) , was an English - Canadian map - maker and explorer , known to native peoples as ` ` the Stargazer '' . David_Thompson_explorer was born in London to Welsh parents , and David_Thompson_explorer died in Montreal ( now Quebec , then Canada East in the Province of Canada ) .
eos David_Thompson_explorer was born in London to Welsh parents , and David_Thompson_explorer died in Montreal ( now Quebec , then Canada East in the Province of Canada ) . David_Thompson_explorer was a fur trader of the Hudson 's Bay Company and North West Company . In 1785 ,
eos David_Thompson_explorer was a fur trader of the Hudson 's Bay Company and North West Company . In 1785 , David_Thompson_explorer was sent to Canada to serve with the Hudson 's Bay Company , and David_Thompson_explorer served under apprentice for seven years . From 1792 to 1812 ,
eos In 1785 , David_Thompson_explorer was sent to Canada to serve with the Hudson 's Bay Company , and David_Thompson_explorer served under apprentice for seven years . From 1792 to 1812 , David_Thompson_explorer explored and mapped the country west of Hudson Bay and Lake Superior , across the Rocky Mountains to the headwaters of the Columbia River and down the Columbia to the Pacific Ocean .
eos From 1792 to 1812 , David_Thompson_explorer explored and mapped the country west of Hudson Bay and Lake Superior , across the Rocky Mountains to the headwaters of the Columbia River and down the Columbia to the Pacific Ocean . David_Thompson_explorer was the first European to explore the Columbia from source to mouth .
eos David_Thompson_explorer was the first European to explore the Columbia from source to mouth . David_Thompson_explorer joined the Hudson 's Bay Company as an apprentice in 1784 . In 1797 ,
eos David_Thompson_explorer joined the Hudson 's Bay Company as an apprentice in 1784 . In 1797 , David_Thompson_explorer left the Hudson 's Bay Company and David_Thompson_explorer joined the North West Company . The maps
eos In 1797 , David_Thompson_explorer left the Hudson 's Bay Company and David_Thompson_explorer joined the North West Company . The maps David_Thompson_explorer made of the Columbia River basin east of the Cascade Mountains were of such high quality and detail that they continued to be regarded as authoritative well into the mid-20th century . The land mass mapped by
eos The maps David_Thompson_explorer made of the Columbia River basin east of the Cascade Mountains were of such high quality and detail that they continued to be regarded as authoritative well into the mid-20th century . The land mass mapped by David_Thompson_explorer amounted to 3.9 million square kilometres of wilderness ( one - fifth of the continent ) .
eos The maps David_Thompson_explorer made of the Columbia River basin east of the Cascade Mountains were of such high quality and detail that they continued to be regarded as authoritative well into the mid-20th century . The land mass mapped by David_Thompson_explorer amounted to 3.9 million square kilometres of wilderness ( one - fifth of the continent ) . David_Thompson_explorer contemporary , the great explorer Alexander Mackenzie , remarked that
eos The land mass mapped by David_Thompson_explorer amounted to 3.9 million square kilometres of wilderness ( one - fifth of the continent ) . David_Thompson_explorer contemporary , the great explorer Alexander Mackenzie , remarked that David_Thompson_explorer did more in ten months than he would have thought possible in two years .
eos The land mass mapped by David_Thompson_explorer amounted to 3.9 million square kilometres of wilderness ( one - fifth of the continent ) . David_Thompson_explorer contemporary , the great explorer Alexander Mackenzie , remarked that David_Thompson_explorer did more in ten months than he would have thought possible in two years . David_Thompson_explorer 1814 map ,
eos David_Thompson_explorer contemporary , the great explorer Alexander Mackenzie , remarked that David_Thompson_explorer did more in ten months than he would have thought possible in two years . David_Thompson_explorer 1814 map , David_Thompson_explorer greatest achievement , was so accurate that 100 years later it was still the basis for many of the maps issued by the Canadian government .
eos David_Thompson_explorer 1814 map , David_Thompson_explorer greatest achievement , was so accurate that 100 years later it was still the basis for many of the maps issued by the Canadian government . David_Thompson_explorer also completed the exacting survey of much of the Canada - US boundary along the 49th parallel in the west , and from the St. Lawrence River to Lake of the Woods .
eos David_Thompson_explorer also completed the exacting survey of much of the Canada - US boundary along the 49th parallel in the west , and from the St. Lawrence River to Lake of the Woods . David_Thompson_explorer married Charlotte Small , a Metis , the ` ` Woman of the Paddle Song . ''
eos David_Thompson_explorer married Charlotte Small , a Metis , the ` ` Woman of the Paddle Song . '' David_Thompson_explorer and Charlotte had 13 children . In
eos David_Thompson_explorer married Charlotte Small , a Metis , the ` ` Woman of the Paddle Song . '' David_Thompson_explorer and Charlotte had 13 children . In David_Thompson_explorer published journals ,
eos In David_Thompson_explorer published journals , David_Thompson_explorer recorded seeing large footprints near what is now Jasper , Alberta , in 1811 . It has been suggested that these prints were similar to what has since been called the sasquatch . However ,
eos It has been suggested that these prints were similar to what has since been called the sasquatch . However , David_Thompson_explorer noted that these tracks showed ` ` a small Nail at the end of each "" toe "" '' , and David_Thompson_explorer stated that these tracks ` ` very much resembles a large Bear 's Track '' .
eos It has been suggested that these prints were similar to what has since been called the sasquatch . However , David_Thompson_explorer noted that these tracks showed ` ` a small Nail at the end of each "" toe "" '' , and David_Thompson_explorer stated that these tracks ` ` very much resembles a large Bear 's Track '' . David_Thompson_explorer died in Montreal in near obscurity ,
eos However , David_Thompson_explorer noted that these tracks showed ` ` a small Nail at the end of each "" toe "" '' , and David_Thompson_explorer stated that these tracks ` ` very much resembles a large Bear 's Track '' . David_Thompson_explorer died in Montreal in near obscurity , David_Thompson_explorer achievements almost unrecognized .
eos David_Thompson_explorer died in Montreal in near obscurity , David_Thompson_explorer achievements almost unrecognized . David_Thompson_explorer is interred there in the Mount Royal Cemetery . However , in 1957 , one hundred years after
eos David_Thompson_explorer died in Montreal in near obscurity , David_Thompson_explorer achievements almost unrecognized . David_Thompson_explorer is interred there in the Mount Royal Cemetery . However , in 1957 , one hundred years after David_Thompson_explorer death , the Canadian government honoured
eos David_Thompson_explorer died in Montreal in near obscurity , David_Thompson_explorer achievements almost unrecognized . David_Thompson_explorer is interred there in the Mount Royal Cemetery . However , in 1957 , one hundred years after David_Thompson_explorer death , the Canadian government honoured David_Thompson_explorer with
eos David_Thompson_explorer is interred there in the Mount Royal Cemetery . However , in 1957 , one hundred years after David_Thompson_explorer death , the Canadian government honoured David_Thompson_explorer with David_Thompson_explorer image on a Canadian postage stamp . The David Thompson Highway in Alberta was named in
eos However , in 1957 , one hundred years after David_Thompson_explorer death , the Canadian government honoured David_Thompson_explorer with David_Thompson_explorer image on a Canadian postage stamp . The David Thompson Highway in Alberta was named in David_Thompson_explorer honour .
eos The David Thompson Highway in Alberta was named in David_Thompson_explorer honour . David_Thompson_explorer prowess as a geographer is now well - recognized .
eos David_Thompson_explorer prowess as a geographer is now well - recognized . David_Thompson_explorer has been called ` ` the greatest land geographer who ever lived . '' There is a monument dedicated to
eos 
eos Bar DCand Bar FRAeS DL LegH CdeG RAF ( 21 february 1910 - 5 september 1982 ) ; surname pronounced "" IPA : / ˈbɑːdə / "" ) was a successful fighter pilot in the Royal Air Force during the Second World War .
eos Bar DCand Bar FRAeS DL LegH CdeG RAF ( 21 february 1910 - 5 september 1982 ) ; surname pronounced "" IPA : / ˈbɑːdə / "" ) was a successful fighter pilot in the Royal Air Force during the Second World War . Douglas_Bader is upheld as an inspirational leader and hero of the era , not least because
eos DL LegH CdeG RAF ( 21 february 1910 - 5 september 1982 ) ; surname pronounced "" IPA : / ˈbɑːdə / "" ) was a successful fighter pilot in the Royal Air Force during the Second World War . Douglas_Bader is upheld as an inspirational leader and hero of the era , not least because Douglas_Bader fought despite having lost both legs in a pre - war flying accident .
eos DL LegH CdeG RAF ( 21 february 1910 - 5 september 1982 ) ; surname pronounced "" IPA : / ˈbɑːdə / "" ) was a successful fighter pilot in the Royal Air Force during the Second World War . Douglas_Bader is upheld as an inspirational leader and hero of the era , not least because Douglas_Bader fought despite having lost both legs in a pre - war flying accident . Douglas_Bader brutally forthright , dogmatic and often highly opinionated views ( especially against authority ) coupled with
eos DL LegH CdeG RAF ( 21 february 1910 - 5 september 1982 ) ; surname pronounced "" IPA : / ˈbɑːdə / "" ) was a successful fighter pilot in the Royal Air Force during the Second World War . Douglas_Bader is upheld as an inspirational leader and hero of the era , not least because Douglas_Bader fought despite having lost both legs in a pre - war flying accident . Douglas_Bader brutally forthright , dogmatic and often highly opinionated views ( especially against authority ) coupled with Douglas_Bader boundless energy and enthusiasm inspired adoration and frustration in equal measures with both
eos 
eos E._O._Wilson ( b. june 10 , 1929 in Birmingham , Alabama USA ) is a distinguished biologist ( Myrmecology , a branch of entomology ) , researcher ( sociobiology , biodiversity ) and theorist ( consilience , biophilia ) , a naturalist ( conservationism ) , and a prominent man of letters .
eos E._O._Wilson ( b. june 10 , 1929 in Birmingham , Alabama USA ) is a distinguished biologist ( Myrmecology , a branch of entomology ) , researcher ( sociobiology , biodiversity ) and theorist ( consilience , biophilia ) , a naturalist ( conservationism ) , and a prominent man of letters . E._O._Wilson is known for
eos E._O._Wilson ( b. june 10 , 1929 in Birmingham , Alabama USA ) is a distinguished biologist ( Myrmecology , a branch of entomology ) , researcher ( sociobiology , biodiversity ) and theorist ( consilience , biophilia ) , a naturalist ( conservationism ) , and a prominent man of letters . E._O._Wilson is known for E._O._Wilson remarkably prolific career as a scientist ,
eos E._O._Wilson ( b. june 10 , 1929 in Birmingham , Alabama USA ) is a distinguished biologist ( Myrmecology , a branch of entomology ) , researcher ( sociobiology , biodiversity ) and theorist ( consilience , biophilia ) , a naturalist ( conservationism ) , and a prominent man of letters . E._O._Wilson is known for E._O._Wilson remarkably prolific career as a scientist , E._O._Wilson advocacy for environmentalism , and
eos E._O._Wilson ( b. june 10 , 1929 in Birmingham , Alabama USA ) is a distinguished biologist ( Myrmecology , a branch of entomology ) , researcher ( sociobiology , biodiversity ) and theorist ( consilience , biophilia ) , a naturalist ( conservationism ) , and a prominent man of letters . E._O._Wilson is known for E._O._Wilson remarkably prolific career as a scientist , E._O._Wilson advocacy for environmentalism , and E._O._Wilson scientific humanist ideas concerned with religious , moral , and ethical matters .
eos 
eos Ed_Belfour ( born april 21 , 1965 in Carman , Manitoba , Canada ) is an NHL goalie
eos Ed_Belfour ( born april 21 , 1965 in Carman , Manitoba , Canada ) is an NHL goalie Ed_Belfour currently plays for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League .
eos Ed_Belfour ( born april 21 , 1965 in Carman , Manitoba , Canada ) is an NHL goalie Ed_Belfour currently plays for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League . Ed_Belfour was born in Carman , Manitoba and Ed_Belfour grew up playing hockey .
eos Ed_Belfour ( born april 21 , 1965 in Carman , Manitoba , Canada ) is an NHL goalie Ed_Belfour currently plays for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League . Ed_Belfour was born in Carman , Manitoba and Ed_Belfour grew up playing hockey . Ed_Belfour played junior hockey for the Winkler Flyers before going to the University of North Dakota where
eos Ed_Belfour was born in Carman , Manitoba and Ed_Belfour grew up playing hockey . Ed_Belfour played junior hockey for the Winkler Flyers before going to the University of North Dakota where Ed_Belfour helped the school win the NCAA championship in the 1986 - 87 season . The following year ,
eos 
eos Edward_I_of_England ( 17 june 1239 - 7 july 1307 ) , popularly known as ` ` Longshanks '' because of
eos Edward_I_of_England ( 17 june 1239 - 7 july 1307 ) , popularly known as ` ` Longshanks '' because of Edward_I_of_England 6 foot 2 inch ( 1.88 m ) frame and the ` ` Hammer of the Scots '' (
eos Edward_I_of_England ( 17 june 1239 - 7 july 1307 ) , popularly known as ` ` Longshanks '' because of Edward_I_of_England 6 foot 2 inch ( 1.88 m ) frame and the ` ` Hammer of the Scots '' ( Edward_I_of_England tombstone , in Latin , read , Edwardus Primus Scotorum Malleus hic est , 1308 . Pactum Serva , ` ` Here is Edward I , Hammer of the Scots '' ; though this inscription was probably added in the sixteenth century ) , achieved fame as the monarch who conquered Wales and who kept Scotland under English domination during
eos Scotorum Malleus hic est , 1308 . Pactum Serva , ` ` Here is Edward I , Hammer of the Scots '' ; though this inscription was probably added in the sixteenth century ) , achieved fame as the monarch who conquered Wales and who kept Scotland under English domination during Edward_I_of_England lifetime .
eos Scotorum Malleus hic est , 1308 . Pactum Serva , ` ` Here is Edward I , Hammer of the Scots '' ; though this inscription was probably added in the sixteenth century ) , achieved fame as the monarch who conquered Wales and who kept Scotland under English domination during Edward_I_of_England lifetime . Edward_I_of_England reigned from 1272 to 1307 , ascending the throne of England on 21 november 1272 after the death of
eos Pactum Serva , ` ` Here is Edward I , Hammer of the Scots '' ; though this inscription was probably added in the sixteenth century ) , achieved fame as the monarch who conquered Wales and who kept Scotland under English domination during Edward_I_of_England lifetime . Edward_I_of_England reigned from 1272 to 1307 , ascending the throne of England on 21 november 1272 after the death of Edward_I_of_England father , King Henry III of England .
eos 
eos Edward_Jenner , FRS , ( May 17 , 1749 - january 26 , 1823 ) was an English country doctor
eos Edward_Jenner , FRS , ( May 17 , 1749 - january 26 , 1823 ) was an English country doctor Edward_Jenner studied nature and
eos Edward_Jenner , FRS , ( May 17 , 1749 - january 26 , 1823 ) was an English country doctor Edward_Jenner studied nature and Edward_Jenner natural surroundings from childhood and Edward_Jenner practiced medicine in Berkeley , Gloucestershire , England .
eos Edward_Jenner , FRS , ( May 17 , 1749 - january 26 , 1823 ) was an English country doctor Edward_Jenner studied nature and Edward_Jenner natural surroundings from childhood and Edward_Jenner practiced medicine in Berkeley , Gloucestershire , England . Edward_Jenner is famous as the first doctor to introduce and study the smallpox vaccine .
eos Edward_Jenner is famous as the first doctor to introduce and study the smallpox vaccine . Edward_Jenner trained in Sodbury , Gloucestershire as an apprentice to Dr. Ludlow for 8 years from the age of 13 , then Edward_Jenner went up to London in 1770 to study under the surgeon John Hunter ( a noted experimentalist , and later a fellow of the Royal Society ) and others at St George 's Hospital . William Osler records that
eos Edward_Jenner is famous as the first doctor to introduce and study the smallpox vaccine . Edward_Jenner trained in Sodbury , Gloucestershire as an apprentice to Dr. Ludlow for 8 years from the age of 13 , then Edward_Jenner went up to London in 1770 to study under the surgeon John Hunter ( a noted experimentalist , and later a fellow of the Royal Society ) and others at St George 's Hospital . William Osler records that Edward_Jenner was a student to
eos Edward_Jenner trained in Sodbury , Gloucestershire as an apprentice to Dr. Ludlow for 8 years from the age of 13 , then Edward_Jenner went up to London in 1770 to study under the surgeon John Hunter ( a noted experimentalist , and later a fellow of the Royal Society ) and others at St George 's Hospital . William Osler records that Edward_Jenner was a student to Edward_Jenner Hunter repeated William Harvey 's advice , very famous in medical circles , ` ` Do n't think , try '' .
eos Edward_Jenner trained in Sodbury , Gloucestershire as an apprentice to Dr. Ludlow for 8 years from the age of 13 , then Edward_Jenner went up to London in 1770 to study under the surgeon John Hunter ( a noted experimentalist , and later a fellow of the Royal Society ) and others at St George 's Hospital . William Osler records that Edward_Jenner was a student to Edward_Jenner Hunter repeated William Harvey 's advice , very famous in medical circles , ` ` Do n't think , try '' . Edward_Jenner therefore was early noticed by men famous for advancing the practice and institutions of medicine , and Hunter remained in correspondence with
eos Edward_Jenner trained in Sodbury , Gloucestershire as an apprentice to Dr. Ludlow for 8 years from the age of 13 , then Edward_Jenner went up to London in 1770 to study under the surgeon John Hunter ( a noted experimentalist , and later a fellow of the Royal Society ) and others at St George 's Hospital . William Osler records that Edward_Jenner was a student to Edward_Jenner Hunter repeated William Harvey 's advice , very famous in medical circles , ` ` Do n't think , try '' . Edward_Jenner therefore was early noticed by men famous for advancing the practice and institutions of medicine , and Hunter remained in correspondence with Edward_Jenner over natural history and proposed
eos William Osler records that Edward_Jenner was a student to Edward_Jenner Hunter repeated William Harvey 's advice , very famous in medical circles , ` ` Do n't think , try '' . Edward_Jenner therefore was early noticed by men famous for advancing the practice and institutions of medicine , and Hunter remained in correspondence with Edward_Jenner over natural history and proposed Edward_Jenner for the Royal Society . Returning to
eos William Osler records that Edward_Jenner was a student to Edward_Jenner Hunter repeated William Harvey 's advice , very famous in medical circles , ` ` Do n't think , try '' . Edward_Jenner therefore was early noticed by men famous for advancing the practice and institutions of medicine , and Hunter remained in correspondence with Edward_Jenner over natural history and proposed Edward_Jenner for the Royal Society . Returning to Edward_Jenner native countryside , by 1773
eos Edward_Jenner therefore was early noticed by men famous for advancing the practice and institutions of medicine , and Hunter remained in correspondence with Edward_Jenner over natural history and proposed Edward_Jenner for the Royal Society . Returning to Edward_Jenner native countryside , by 1773 Edward_Jenner became a successful general practitioner and surgeon , practicing in purpose - built premises at Berkeley .
eos Returning to Edward_Jenner native countryside , by 1773 Edward_Jenner became a successful general practitioner and surgeon , practicing in purpose - built premises at Berkeley . Edward_Jenner and others formed a medical society in Rodborough , Gloucestershire , meeting to read papers on medical subjects and dine together .
eos Edward_Jenner and others formed a medical society in Rodborough , Gloucestershire , meeting to read papers on medical subjects and dine together . Edward_Jenner contributed papers on angina pectoris , ophthalmia and valvular disease of the heart and Edward_Jenner commented on cowpox .
eos Edward_Jenner contributed papers on angina pectoris , ophthalmia and valvular disease of the heart and Edward_Jenner commented on cowpox . Edward_Jenner also belonged to a similar society which met in Alveston , near Bristol .
eos Edward_Jenner also belonged to a similar society which met in Alveston , near Bristol . Edward_Jenner was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1788 , following a careful study combining observation , experiment and dissection into a description of the previously misunderstood life of the cuckoo in the nest .
eos Edward_Jenner was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1788 , following a careful study combining observation , experiment and dissection into a description of the previously misunderstood life of the cuckoo in the nest . Edward_Jenner description of the newly - hatched cuckoo pushing its host 's eggs and fledglings from the nest ( contrary to the existing belief that the adult cuckoo did it ) was only confirmed in the 20th century when photography became feasible . Having observed the behaviour ,
eos Having observed the behaviour , Edward_Jenner demonstrated an anatomical adaptation for it - the baby cuckoo has a depression in its back which is not present after 12 days of life , in which it cups eggs and other chicks to push them out of the nest . It had been assumed that the adult bird did this , but the adult does not remain in the area for sufficiently long .
eos It had been assumed that the adult bird did this , but the adult does not remain in the area for sufficiently long . Edward_Jenner findings were published in the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society in 1787 . Some discrepancies in the paper are ascribed to
eos Edward_Jenner findings were published in the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society in 1787 . Some discrepancies in the paper are ascribed to Edward_Jenner nephew who is said to have made up some observations .
eos Edward_Jenner findings were published in the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society in 1787 . Some discrepancies in the paper are ascribed to Edward_Jenner nephew who is said to have made up some observations . Edward_Jenner married Catherine Kingscote ( died 1815 from tuberculosis ) in march 1788 having met her when balloons were hot science , and
eos Some discrepancies in the paper are ascribed to Edward_Jenner nephew who is said to have made up some observations . Edward_Jenner married Catherine Kingscote ( died 1815 from tuberculosis ) in march 1788 having met her when balloons were hot science , and Edward_Jenner and other Fellows were experimenting with them .
eos Edward_Jenner married Catherine Kingscote ( died 1815 from tuberculosis ) in march 1788 having met her when balloons were hot science , and Edward_Jenner and other Fellows were experimenting with them . Edward_Jenner trial balloon descended into Kingscote Park , owned by Anthony Kingscote , Catherine being one of his three daughters . In 1792 ,
eos Edward_Jenner married Catherine Kingscote ( died 1815 from tuberculosis ) in march 1788 having met her when balloons were hot science , and Edward_Jenner and other Fellows were experimenting with them . Edward_Jenner trial balloon descended into Kingscote Park , owned by Anthony Kingscote , Catherine being one of his three daughters . In 1792 , Edward_Jenner obtained
eos 
eos Elaine_Scarry ( born 30 june , 1946 ) , a professor of English and American Literature and Language , is the Walter M Cabot Professor of Aesthetics and the General Theory of Value at Harvard University .
eos Elaine_Scarry ( born 30 june , 1946 ) , a professor of English and American Literature and Language , is the Walter M Cabot Professor of Aesthetics and the General Theory of Value at Harvard University . Elaine_Scarry interests include Theory of Representation , the Language of Physical Pain and Structure of Verbal and Material Making in Art , Science and the Law .
eos Elaine_Scarry interests include Theory of Representation , the Language of Physical Pain and Structure of Verbal and Material Making in Art , Science and the Law . Elaine_Scarry is the author of The Body in Pain which is known as a definitive study of pain and inflicting pain .
eos Elaine_Scarry is the author of The Body in Pain which is known as a definitive study of pain and inflicting pain . Elaine_Scarry argues that physical pain leads to destruction and the unmaking of the human world , whereas human creation at the opposite end of the spectrum leads to the making of the world . As a writer and lecturer on civic questions ranging from plane crashes to nuclear weapons to the Patriot Act ,
eos Elaine_Scarry argues that physical pain leads to destruction and the unmaking of the human world , whereas human creation at the opposite end of the spectrum leads to the making of the world . As a writer and lecturer on civic questions ranging from plane crashes to nuclear weapons to the Patriot Act , Elaine_Scarry has become an important public intellectual . (
eos 
eos Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon ( Elizabeth Angela Marguerite ; 4 august 1900 - 30 march 2002 ) was the Queen Consort of King George VI from 1936 until his death in 1952 . After
eos Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon ( Elizabeth Angela Marguerite ; 4 august 1900 - 30 march 2002 ) was the Queen Consort of King George VI from 1936 until his death in 1952 . After Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon husband 's death ,
eos Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon ( Elizabeth Angela Marguerite ; 4 august 1900 - 30 march 2002 ) was the Queen Consort of King George VI from 1936 until his death in 1952 . After Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon husband 's death , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was known as Queen Elizabeth , The Queen Mother , to avoid confusion with
eos Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon ( Elizabeth Angela Marguerite ; 4 august 1900 - 30 march 2002 ) was the Queen Consort of King George VI from 1936 until his death in 1952 . After Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon husband 's death , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was known as Queen Elizabeth , The Queen Mother , to avoid confusion with Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon eldest daughter , Queen Elizabeth II . Before
eos Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon ( Elizabeth Angela Marguerite ; 4 august 1900 - 30 march 2002 ) was the Queen Consort of King George VI from 1936 until his death in 1952 . After Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon husband 's death , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was known as Queen Elizabeth , The Queen Mother , to avoid confusion with Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon eldest daughter , Queen Elizabeth II . Before Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon husband ascended the throne , from 1923 to 1936 ,
eos After Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon husband 's death , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was known as Queen Elizabeth , The Queen Mother , to avoid confusion with Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon eldest daughter , Queen Elizabeth II . Before Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon husband ascended the throne , from 1923 to 1936 , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was known as the Duchess of York .
eos Before Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon husband ascended the throne , from 1923 to 1936 , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was known as the Duchess of York . Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was the last Queen of Ireland and Empress of India . As Queen Consort , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was famous for Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon role in providing moral support to the British public during World War II , so much so that Adolf Hitler described
eos Before Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon husband ascended the throne , from 1923 to 1936 , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was known as the Duchess of York . Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was the last Queen of Ireland and Empress of India . As Queen Consort ,
eos Before Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon husband ascended the throne , from 1923 to 1936 , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was known as the Duchess of York . Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was the last Queen of Ireland and Empress of India . As Queen Consort , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was famous for
eos Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was the last Queen of Ireland and Empress of India . As Queen Consort , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was famous for Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon role in providing moral support to the British public during World War II , so much so that Adolf Hitler described Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon as ` ` the most dangerous woman in Europe . '' In
eos Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was the last Queen of Ireland and Empress of India . As Queen Consort , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was famous for Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon role in providing moral support to the British public during World War II , so much so that Adolf Hitler described Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon as ` ` the most dangerous woman in Europe . '' In Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon later years ,
eos 
eos It is the name of ` ` Mrs Pankhurst '' , more than any other , which is associated with the struggle for the enfranchisement of women in the period immediately preceding World War I
eos Emmeline_Pankhurst was born Emmeline Goulden in Manchester , England to abolitionist Robert Goulden and feminist Sophia Crane , and Emmeline_Pankhurst married Richard Marsden Pankhurst , a barrister , in Salford in 1879 . Dr Pankhurst was already a supporter of the women 's suffrage movement , and had been the author of the Married Women 's Property Acts of 1870 and 1882 . In 1889 ,
eos Emmeline_Pankhurst was born Emmeline Goulden in Manchester , England to abolitionist Robert Goulden and feminist Sophia Crane , and Emmeline_Pankhurst married Richard Marsden Pankhurst , a barrister , in Salford in 1879 . Dr Pankhurst was already a supporter of the women 's suffrage movement , and had been the author of the Married Women 's Property Acts of 1870 and 1882 . In 1889 , Emmeline_Pankhurst founded the Women 's Franchise League , but
eos Emmeline_Pankhurst was born Emmeline Goulden in Manchester , England to abolitionist Robert Goulden and feminist Sophia Crane , and Emmeline_Pankhurst married Richard Marsden Pankhurst , a barrister , in Salford in 1879 . Dr Pankhurst was already a supporter of the women 's suffrage movement , and had been the author of the Married Women 's Property Acts of 1870 and 1882 . In 1889 , Emmeline_Pankhurst founded the Women 's Franchise League , but Emmeline_Pankhurst campaign was interrupted by
eos Dr Pankhurst was already a supporter of the women 's suffrage movement , and had been the author of the Married Women 's Property Acts of 1870 and 1882 . In 1889 , Emmeline_Pankhurst founded the Women 's Franchise League , but Emmeline_Pankhurst campaign was interrupted by Emmeline_Pankhurst husband 's death in 1898 . In 1903
eos In 1903 Emmeline_Pankhurst founded the better - known Women 's Social and Political Union , an organization most famous for its militancy which began in 1905 . Its members included Annie Kenney , Emily Wilding Davison who was killed by the King 's horse in the 1913 Epsom Derby as the result of a suffragette protest , and the composer Dame Ethel Mary Smyth .
eos In 1903 Emmeline_Pankhurst founded the better - known Women 's Social and Political Union , an organization most famous for its militancy which began in 1905 . Its members included Annie Kenney , Emily Wilding Davison who was killed by the King 's horse in the 1913 Epsom Derby as the result of a suffragette protest , and the composer Dame Ethel Mary Smyth . Emmeline_Pankhurst was joined in the movement by
eos Its members included Annie Kenney , Emily Wilding Davison who was killed by the King 's horse in the 1913 Epsom Derby as the result of a suffragette protest , and the composer Dame Ethel Mary Smyth . Emmeline_Pankhurst was joined in the movement by Emmeline_Pankhurst daughters , Christabel Pankhurst and Sylvia Pankhurst , both of whom would make a substantial contribution to the campaign in different ways .
eos Emmeline_Pankhurst other daughter , Adela Pankhurst emigrated to Australia where she was politically active in first the Communist Party of Australia and then the fascist Australia First Movement .
eos Emmeline_Pankhurst other daughter , Adela Pankhurst emigrated to Australia where she was politically active in first the Communist Party of Australia and then the fascist Australia First Movement . Emmeline_Pankhurst tactics for drawing attention to the movement led to
eos Emmeline_Pankhurst other daughter , Adela Pankhurst emigrated to Australia where she was politically active in first the Communist Party of Australia and then the fascist Australia First Movement . Emmeline_Pankhurst tactics for drawing attention to the movement led to Emmeline_Pankhurst being imprisoned several times but , because of
eos Emmeline_Pankhurst other daughter , Adela Pankhurst emigrated to Australia where she was politically active in first the Communist Party of Australia and then the fascist Australia First Movement . Emmeline_Pankhurst tactics for drawing attention to the movement led to Emmeline_Pankhurst being imprisoned several times but , because of Emmeline_Pankhurst high profile ,
eos and then the fascist Australia First Movement . Emmeline_Pankhurst tactics for drawing attention to the movement led to Emmeline_Pankhurst being imprisoned several times but , because of Emmeline_Pankhurst high profile , Emmeline_Pankhurst did not at first endure the same privations as many of the imprisoned working - class suffragettes . However ,
eos Emmeline_Pankhurst tactics for drawing attention to the movement led to Emmeline_Pankhurst being imprisoned several times but , because of Emmeline_Pankhurst high profile , Emmeline_Pankhurst did not at first endure the same privations as many of the imprisoned working - class suffragettes . However , Emmeline_Pankhurst did experience force - feeding after going on hunger strike on various occasions .
eos Emmeline_Pankhurst tactics for drawing attention to the movement led to Emmeline_Pankhurst being imprisoned several times but , because of Emmeline_Pankhurst high profile , Emmeline_Pankhurst did not at first endure the same privations as many of the imprisoned working - class suffragettes . However , Emmeline_Pankhurst did experience force - feeding after going on hunger strike on various occasions . Emmeline_Pankhurst approach to the campaign did not endear
eos However , Emmeline_Pankhurst did experience force - feeding after going on hunger strike on various occasions . Emmeline_Pankhurst approach to the campaign did not endear Emmeline_Pankhurst to everyone , and there were splits within the movement as a result .
eos Emmeline_Pankhurst approach to the campaign did not endear Emmeline_Pankhurst to everyone , and there were splits within the movement as a result . Emmeline_Pankhurst autobiography , My Own Story , was published in 1914 . In 1914 , the First World War broke out , and
eos Emmeline_Pankhurst approach to the campaign did not endear Emmeline_Pankhurst to everyone , and there were splits within the movement as a result . Emmeline_Pankhurst autobiography , My Own Story , was published in 1914 . In 1914 , the First World War broke out , and Emmeline_Pankhurst felt that nothing should interfere with
eos Emmeline_Pankhurst autobiography , My Own Story , was published in 1914 . In 1914 , the First World War broke out , and Emmeline_Pankhurst felt that nothing should interfere with Emmeline_Pankhurst country 's efforts to win . All attempts to gain votes for women were put on hold , and
eos In 1914 , the First World War broke out , and Emmeline_Pankhurst felt that nothing should interfere with Emmeline_Pankhurst country 's efforts to win . All attempts to gain votes for women were put on hold , and Emmeline_Pankhurst efforts were instead directed to urging women to take over men 's jobs , so that the men could go and fight in the war . With back up from David Lloyd George ,
eos In 1916 , this allowed the government to draft all able - bodied men into the armed services . It is frequently alleged that suffragettes had earlier been involved in the ` ` White Feather Campaign '' which involved shaming of men in the UK to fight in the First World War in which 702,000 men from the UK died and many more were injured ; however , there is no concrete evidence of this . At one stage
eos ( Pankhurst , Sylvia 593 ) . Enlistment of the unenlisted was of the highest priority . As Sylvia Pankhurst points out in her chronicle , The Suffragette Movement ,
eos ( Pankhurst , Sylvia 593 ) . Enlistment of the unenlisted was of the highest priority . As Sylvia Pankhurst points out in her chronicle , The Suffragette Movement , Emmeline_Pankhurst and sister rallied their followers in an effort to reroute the militant momentum which they had so successfully orchestrated in the struggle for suffrage : On september 8 , 1914 , Christabel re - appeared at the London Opera House , after her long exile , to utter a declaration , not on women 's enfranchisement , but on ` ` The German Peril '' .
eos Enlistment of the unenlisted was of the highest priority . As Sylvia Pankhurst points out in her chronicle , The Suffragette Movement , Emmeline_Pankhurst and sister rallied their followers in an effort to reroute the militant momentum which they had so successfully orchestrated in the struggle for suffrage : On september 8 , 1914 , Christabel re - appeared at the London Opera House , after her long exile , to utter a declaration , not on women 's enfranchisement , but on ` ` The German Peril '' . Emmeline_Pankhurst toured the country , making recruiting speeches .
eos This led to a situation where a woman could be an MP even though she was too young to vote . Women finally achieved equal voting rights to men in the UK in 1928 .
eos This led to a situation where a woman could be an MP even though she was too young to vote . Women finally achieved equal voting rights to men in the UK in 1928 . Emmeline_Pankhurst died at the age of 69 , ten years after seeing
eos 
eos Enoch_Powell , MBE , PC , ( june 16 , 1912 - february 8 , 1998 ) was a right - wing British politician and Conservative Party Member of Parliament ( MP ) between 1950 and february 1974 , and an Ulster Unionist MP between october 1974 and 1987 . Controversial throughout
eos Enoch_Powell , MBE , PC , ( june 16 , 1912 - february 8 , 1998 ) was a right - wing British politician and Conservative Party Member of Parliament ( MP ) between 1950 and february 1974 , and an Ulster Unionist MP between october 1974 and 1987 . Controversial throughout Enoch_Powell career ,
eos Enoch_Powell , MBE , PC , ( june 16 , 1912 - february 8 , 1998 ) was a right - wing British politician and Conservative Party Member of Parliament ( MP ) between 1950 and february 1974 , and an Ulster Unionist MP between october 1974 and 1987 . Controversial throughout Enoch_Powell career , Enoch_Powell tenure in senior office was brief .
eos 
eos Enrico_Fermi ( september 29 , 1901 - november 28 , 1954 ) was an Italian physicist most noted for
eos Enrico_Fermi ( september 29 , 1901 - november 28 , 1954 ) was an Italian physicist most noted for Enrico_Fermi work on the development of the first nuclear reactor , and for the development of quantum theory .
eos Enrico_Fermi ( september 29 , 1901 - november 28 , 1954 ) was an Italian physicist most noted for Enrico_Fermi work on the development of the first nuclear reactor , and for the development of quantum theory . Enrico_Fermi won the 1938 Nobel Prize in Physics for
eos 
eos Eric_Hobsbawm CH ( born june 9 , 1917 ) is a British Marxist historian and author .
eos Eric_Hobsbawm CH ( born june 9 , 1917 ) is a British Marxist historian and author . Eric_Hobsbawm was a long - standing member of the now defunct Communist Party of Great Britain and the associated Communist Party Historians Group .
eos Eric_Hobsbawm was a long - standing member of the now defunct Communist Party of Great Britain and the associated Communist Party Historians Group . Eric_Hobsbawm is president of Birkbeck College , University of London .
eos Eric_Hobsbawm was a long - standing member of the now defunct Communist Party of Great Britain and the associated Communist Party Historians Group . Eric_Hobsbawm is president of Birkbeck College , University of London . Eric_Hobsbawm is famous for
eos Eric_Hobsbawm is president of Birkbeck College , University of London . Eric_Hobsbawm is famous for Eric_Hobsbawm book The Age of Extremes : The Short Twentieth Century , 1914 - 1991 , published in 1994 . One of
eos Eric_Hobsbawm is famous for Eric_Hobsbawm book The Age of Extremes : The Short Twentieth Century , 1914 - 1991 , published in 1994 . One of Eric_Hobsbawm interests is the development of traditions .
eos One of Eric_Hobsbawm interests is the development of traditions . Eric_Hobsbawm work is a study of their construction in the context of the nation state .
eos 
eos Eric_Morecambe OBE ( May 14 , 1926 - May 28 , 1984 ) , better known by
eos Eric_Morecambe OBE ( May 14 , 1926 - May 28 , 1984 ) , better known by Eric_Morecambe stage name , Eric Morecambe was a British comedian
eos Eric_Morecambe OBE ( May 14 , 1926 - May 28 , 1984 ) , better known by Eric_Morecambe stage name , Eric Morecambe was a British comedian Eric_Morecambe together with Ernie Wise , formed the double act Morecambe and Wise . In the United Kingdom
eos Eric_Morecambe OBE ( May 14 , 1926 - May 28 , 1984 ) , better known by Eric_Morecambe stage name , Eric Morecambe was a British comedian Eric_Morecambe together with Ernie Wise , formed the double act Morecambe and Wise . In the United Kingdom Eric_Morecambe is widely considered a comic genius .
eos Eric_Morecambe OBE ( May 14 , 1926 - May 28 , 1984 ) , better known by Eric_Morecambe stage name , Eric Morecambe was a British comedian Eric_Morecambe together with Ernie Wise , formed the double act Morecambe and Wise . In the United Kingdom Eric_Morecambe is widely considered a comic genius . Eric_Morecambe took
eos Eric_Morecambe OBE ( May 14 , 1926 - May 28 , 1984 ) , better known by Eric_Morecambe stage name , Eric Morecambe was a British comedian Eric_Morecambe together with Ernie Wise , formed the double act Morecambe and Wise . In the United Kingdom Eric_Morecambe is widely considered a comic genius . Eric_Morecambe took Eric_Morecambe stage name from the seaside resort of Morecambe in Lancashire , England -
eos Of all the comedy acts produced by the United Kingdom , Morecambe and Wise are arguably the best loved and most fondly remembered . They were perhaps the first truly great double act in the United Kingdom . Many have highlighted the genuine affection
eos Many have highlighted the genuine affection Eric_Morecambe and Ernie had for one other . Their enjoyment of their work was picked up by the audience who regarded them as friends as well as entertainers .
eos Eric_Morecambe and Wise were well - regarded and their reputation enabled them to garner a number of prestigious guests including Angela Rippon , Princess Anne , Cliff Richard , Glenda Jackson , Tom Jones , Elton John and even former Prime Minister Harold Wilson . Des O'Connor was frequently the butt of their humour , such as his allegedly awful singing . O'Connor once asked
eos Des O'Connor was frequently the butt of their humour , such as his allegedly awful singing . O'Connor once asked Eric_Morecambe if he could sing on their show .
eos You ca n't even sing on your own show ! '' . When
eos You ca n't even sing on your own show ! '' . When Eric_Morecambe had
eos You ca n't even sing on your own show ! '' . When Eric_Morecambe had Eric_Morecambe first heart attack in 1968 ,
eos You ca n't even sing on your own show ! '' . When Eric_Morecambe had Eric_Morecambe first heart attack in 1968 , Eric_Morecambe learned that O'Connor had told his audience to send their best wishes to
eos You ca n't even sing on your own show ! '' . When Eric_Morecambe had Eric_Morecambe first heart attack in 1968 , Eric_Morecambe learned that O'Connor had told his audience to send their best wishes to Eric_Morecambe ,
eos . When Eric_Morecambe had Eric_Morecambe first heart attack in 1968 , Eric_Morecambe learned that O'Connor had told his audience to send their best wishes to Eric_Morecambe , Eric_Morecambe replied ` ` Tell him that those 12 people made all the difference '' . In reality , O'Connor was very close friends of both
eos 
eos Ernest_Rutherford , 1st Baron Rutherford of Nelson , OM , PC , FRS ( 30 august 1871 - 19 october 1937 ) , was a nuclear physicist from New Zealand .
eos Ernest_Rutherford , 1st Baron Rutherford of Nelson , OM , PC , FRS ( 30 august 1871 - 19 october 1937 ) , was a nuclear physicist from New Zealand . Ernest_Rutherford was known as the ` ` father '' of nuclear physics ,
eos Ernest_Rutherford , 1st Baron Rutherford of Nelson , OM , PC , FRS ( 30 august 1871 - 19 october 1937 ) , was a nuclear physicist from New Zealand . Ernest_Rutherford was known as the ` ` father '' of nuclear physics , Ernest_Rutherford pioneered the orbital theory of the atom , in
eos Ernest_Rutherford , 1st Baron Rutherford of Nelson , OM , PC , FRS ( 30 august 1871 - 19 october 1937 ) , was a nuclear physicist from New Zealand . Ernest_Rutherford was known as the ` ` father '' of nuclear physics , Ernest_Rutherford pioneered the orbital theory of the atom , in Ernest_Rutherford discovery of
eos 
eos ( c. 325 - c. 265 BC ) , a Greek mathematician ,
eos - c. 265 BC ) , a Greek mathematician , Euclid lived in Alexandria , Hellenistic Egypt , almost certainly during the reign of Ptolemy I ( 323 BC-283 BC ) , is often considered to be the ` ` father of geometry '' .
eos Euclid most popular work , Elements , is thought to be one of the most successful textbooks in the history of mathematics . Within it , the properties of geometrical objects are deduced from a small set of axioms , thereby founding the axiomatic method of mathematics . Although best - known for its geometric results , the Elements also includes various results in number theory , such as the connection between perfect numbers and Mersenne primes , the proof of the infinitude of prime numbers ,
eos Within it , the properties of geometrical objects are deduced from a small set of axioms , thereby founding the axiomatic method of mathematics . Although best - known for its geometric results , the Elements also includes various results in number theory , such as the connection between perfect numbers and Mersenne primes , the proof of the infinitude of prime numbers , Euclid lemma on factorization ( which lead to the fundamental theorem of arithmetic , on uniqueness of prime factorizations ) , and the Euclidean algorithm for finding the greatest common divisor of two numbers .
eos Although best - known for its geometric results , the Elements also includes various results in number theory , such as the connection between perfect numbers and Mersenne primes , the proof of the infinitude of prime numbers , Euclid lemma on factorization ( which lead to the fundamental theorem of arithmetic , on uniqueness of prime factorizations ) , and the Euclidean algorithm for finding the greatest common divisor of two numbers . Euclid also wrote works on perspective , conic sections , spherical geometry , and possibly quadric surfaces . Neither the year nor place of
eos Although best - known for its geometric results , the Elements also includes various results in number theory , such as the connection between perfect numbers and Mersenne primes , the proof of the infinitude of prime numbers , Euclid lemma on factorization ( which lead to the fundamental theorem of arithmetic , on uniqueness of prime factorizations ) , and the Euclidean algorithm for finding the greatest common divisor of two numbers . Euclid also wrote works on perspective , conic sections , spherical geometry , and possibly quadric surfaces . Neither the year nor place of Euclid birth have been established , nor the circumstances of
eos 
eos Fareed_Zakaria ( born january 20 1964 , Mumbai , India ) is a writer and journalist specializing in international relations .
eos Fareed_Zakaria ( born january 20 1964 , Mumbai , India ) is a writer and journalist specializing in international relations . Fareed_Zakaria writes a regular column for Newsweek , which also appears in Newsweek International and often in The Washington Post .
eos Fareed_Zakaria writes a regular column for Newsweek , which also appears in Newsweek International and often in The Washington Post . Fareed_Zakaria was named editor of Newsweek International in october 2000 ; the magazine reaches an audience of 3.5 million worldwide .
eos Fareed_Zakaria was named editor of Newsweek International in october 2000 ; the magazine reaches an audience of 3.5 million worldwide . Fareed_Zakaria hosts the weekly Foreign Exchange news show for PBS .
eos 
eos Farley_Mowat OC , BA , D Litt ( born May 12 , 1921 in Belleville , Ontario ) is a conservationist and one of Canada 's most widely - read authors . Many of
eos Farley_Mowat OC , BA , D Litt ( born May 12 , 1921 in Belleville , Ontario ) is a conservationist and one of Canada 's most widely - read authors . Many of Farley_Mowat most popular works have been memoirs of
eos Farley_Mowat OC , BA , D Litt ( born May 12 , 1921 in Belleville , Ontario ) is a conservationist and one of Canada 's most widely - read authors . Many of Farley_Mowat most popular works have been memoirs of Farley_Mowat childhood ,
eos Farley_Mowat OC , BA , D Litt ( born May 12 , 1921 in Belleville , Ontario ) is a conservationist and one of Canada 's most widely - read authors . Many of Farley_Mowat most popular works have been memoirs of Farley_Mowat childhood , Farley_Mowat war service , and
eos Farley_Mowat OC , BA , D Litt ( born May 12 , 1921 in Belleville , Ontario ) is a conservationist and one of Canada 's most widely - read authors . Many of Farley_Mowat most popular works have been memoirs of Farley_Mowat childhood , Farley_Mowat war service , and Farley_Mowat work as a naturalist .
eos Farley_Mowat OC , BA , D Litt ( born May 12 , 1921 in Belleville , Ontario ) is a conservationist and one of Canada 's most widely - read authors . Many of Farley_Mowat most popular works have been memoirs of Farley_Mowat childhood , Farley_Mowat war service , and Farley_Mowat work as a naturalist . Farley_Mowat works have been translated into 52 languages and
eos Farley_Mowat OC , BA , D Litt ( born May 12 , 1921 in Belleville , Ontario ) is a conservationist and one of Canada 's most widely - read authors . Many of Farley_Mowat most popular works have been memoirs of Farley_Mowat childhood , Farley_Mowat war service , and Farley_Mowat work as a naturalist . Farley_Mowat works have been translated into 52 languages and Farley_Mowat has sold more than 14 million copies of
eos Many of Farley_Mowat most popular works have been memoirs of Farley_Mowat childhood , Farley_Mowat war service , and Farley_Mowat work as a naturalist . Farley_Mowat works have been translated into 52 languages and Farley_Mowat has sold more than 14 million copies of Farley_Mowat books . Adding to that , a movie about
eos Farley_Mowat works have been translated into 52 languages and Farley_Mowat has sold more than 14 million copies of Farley_Mowat books . Adding to that , a movie about Farley_Mowat experiences with wolves , titled Never Cry Wolf , was released to widespread popularity in 1983 . The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society ship Farley Mowat was named in honor of
eos Farley_Mowat works have been translated into 52 languages and Farley_Mowat has sold more than 14 million copies of Farley_Mowat books . Adding to that , a movie about Farley_Mowat experiences with wolves , titled Never Cry Wolf , was released to widespread popularity in 1983 . The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society ship Farley Mowat was named in honor of Farley_Mowat , and
eos 
eos ( Portuguese : Fernão de Magalhães , IPA pronunciation : / "" IPA : fɨɾ ` nɐ̃ũ dɨ mɐɣɐ ` ʎɐ̃ĩʃ "" / ; Spanish : Fernando or Hernando de Magallanes ; Spring 1480-april 27 , 1521 ) was a Portuguese maritime explorer
eos "" IPA : fɨɾ ` nɐ̃ũ dɨ mɐɣɐ ` ʎɐ̃ĩʃ "" / ; Spanish : Fernando or Hernando de Magallanes ; Spring 1480-april 27 , 1521 ) was a Portuguese maritime explorer Ferdinand_Magellan , at the service of Spain , led the first successful attempt to sail around the entire Earth .
eos "" IPA : fɨɾ ` nɐ̃ũ dɨ mɐɣɐ ` ʎɐ̃ĩʃ "" / ; Spanish : Fernando or Hernando de Magallanes ; Spring 1480-april 27 , 1521 ) was a Portuguese maritime explorer Ferdinand_Magellan , at the service of Spain , led the first successful attempt to sail around the entire Earth . Ferdinand_Magellan did not complete
eos "" IPA : fɨɾ ` nɐ̃ũ dɨ mɐɣɐ ` ʎɐ̃ĩʃ "" / ; Spanish : Fernando or Hernando de Magallanes ; Spring 1480-april 27 , 1521 ) was a Portuguese maritime explorer Ferdinand_Magellan , at the service of Spain , led the first successful attempt to sail around the entire Earth . Ferdinand_Magellan did not complete Ferdinand_Magellan final , westward voyage ;
eos Spanish : Fernando or Hernando de Magallanes ; Spring 1480-april 27 , 1521 ) was a Portuguese maritime explorer Ferdinand_Magellan , at the service of Spain , led the first successful attempt to sail around the entire Earth . Ferdinand_Magellan did not complete Ferdinand_Magellan final , westward voyage ; Ferdinand_Magellan was killed during the Battle of Mactan in the Philippines .
eos Spanish : Fernando or Hernando de Magallanes ; Spring 1480-april 27 , 1521 ) was a Portuguese maritime explorer Ferdinand_Magellan , at the service of Spain , led the first successful attempt to sail around the entire Earth . Ferdinand_Magellan did not complete Ferdinand_Magellan final , westward voyage ; Ferdinand_Magellan was killed during the Battle of Mactan in the Philippines . Ferdinand_Magellan did , however , die farther west than the Spice Islands of Indonesia , which
eos Spanish : Fernando or Hernando de Magallanes ; Spring 1480-april 27 , 1521 ) was a Portuguese maritime explorer Ferdinand_Magellan , at the service of Spain , led the first successful attempt to sail around the entire Earth . Ferdinand_Magellan did not complete Ferdinand_Magellan final , westward voyage ; Ferdinand_Magellan was killed during the Battle of Mactan in the Philippines . Ferdinand_Magellan did , however , die farther west than the Spice Islands of Indonesia , which Ferdinand_Magellan had visited from the west on earlier voyages , making
eos Ferdinand_Magellan did not complete Ferdinand_Magellan final , westward voyage ; Ferdinand_Magellan was killed during the Battle of Mactan in the Philippines . Ferdinand_Magellan did , however , die farther west than the Spice Islands of Indonesia , which Ferdinand_Magellan had visited from the west on earlier voyages , making Ferdinand_Magellan one of the first individuals to cross all the meridians of the globe .
eos Ferdinand_Magellan became the first person to lead an expedition sailing westward from Europe to Asia and to cross the Pacific Ocean . Of the 237 managed to return to Spain and thereby complete the circumnavigation . They were led by Spaniard Juan Sebastián Elcano , who took over command of the expedition after
eos 
eos Fernando_Henrique_Cardoso ( born june 18 , 1931 ) was the President of the Federative Republic of Brazil for two terms from january 1 , 1995 to january 1 , 2003 .
eos Fernando_Henrique_Cardoso ( born june 18 , 1931 ) was the President of the Federative Republic of Brazil for two terms from january 1 , 1995 to january 1 , 2003 . Fernando_Henrique_Cardoso is an eminent sociologist
eos Fernando_Henrique_Cardoso is an eminent sociologist Fernando_Henrique_Cardoso speaks several languages fluently and Fernando_Henrique_Cardoso has lectured at leading universities in France , Britain and the United States . As an author ,
eos 
eos Francis_Bacon , 1st Viscount St Alban , KC ( 22 january 1561 - 9 april 1626 ) was an English philosopher , statesman and essayist but Francis_Bacon is best known for leading the scientific revolution with
eos Francis_Bacon , 1st Viscount St Alban , KC ( 22 january 1561 - 9 april 1626 ) was an English philosopher , statesman and essayist but Francis_Bacon is best known for leading the scientific revolution with Francis_Bacon new ` observation and experimentation ' theory which is the way science has been conducted ever since .
eos Francis_Bacon , 1st Viscount St Alban , KC ( 22 january 1561 - 9 april 1626 ) was an English philosopher , statesman and essayist but Francis_Bacon is best known for leading the scientific revolution with Francis_Bacon new ` observation and experimentation ' theory which is the way science has been conducted ever since . Francis_Bacon was knighted in 1603 , created Baron Verulam in 1618 , and created Viscount St Alban in 1621 ; both peerage titles became extinct upon
eos Francis_Bacon , 1st Viscount St Alban , KC ( 22 january 1561 - 9 april 1626 ) was an English philosopher , statesman and essayist but Francis_Bacon is best known for leading the scientific revolution with Francis_Bacon new ` observation and experimentation ' theory which is the way science has been conducted ever since . Francis_Bacon was knighted in 1603 , created Baron Verulam in 1618 , and created Viscount St Alban in 1621 ; both peerage titles became extinct upon Francis_Bacon death .
eos Francis_Bacon , 1st Viscount St Alban , KC ( 22 january 1561 - 9 april 1626 ) was an English philosopher , statesman and essayist but Francis_Bacon is best known for leading the scientific revolution with Francis_Bacon new ` observation and experimentation ' theory which is the way science has been conducted ever since . Francis_Bacon was knighted in 1603 , created Baron Verulam in 1618 , and created Viscount St Alban in 1621 ; both peerage titles became extinct upon Francis_Bacon death . Francis_Bacon began
eos Francis_Bacon , 1st Viscount St Alban , KC ( 22 january 1561 - 9 april 1626 ) was an English philosopher , statesman and essayist but Francis_Bacon is best known for leading the scientific revolution with Francis_Bacon new ` observation and experimentation ' theory which is the way science has been conducted ever since . Francis_Bacon was knighted in 1603 , created Baron Verulam in 1618 , and created Viscount St Alban in 1621 ; both peerage titles became extinct upon Francis_Bacon death . Francis_Bacon began Francis_Bacon professional life as a lawyer , but
eos Francis_Bacon was knighted in 1603 , created Baron Verulam in 1618 , and created Viscount St Alban in 1621 ; both peerage titles became extinct upon Francis_Bacon death . Francis_Bacon began Francis_Bacon professional life as a lawyer , but Francis_Bacon has become best known as a philosophical advocate and defender of the scientific revolution .
eos Francis_Bacon works establish and popularize an inductive methodology for scientific inquiry , often called the Baconian method . Induction implies drawing knowledge from the natural world through experimentation , observation , and testing of hypotheses . In the context of
eos 
eos Francis_Drake , Vice Admiral , ( c. 1540 - january 28 1596 ) was an English privateer , navigator , naval pioneer and raider , politician and civil engineer of the Elizabethan era , considered by many a pirate .
eos Francis_Drake , Vice Admiral , ( c. 1540 - january 28 1596 ) was an English privateer , navigator , naval pioneer and raider , politician and civil engineer of the Elizabethan era , considered by many a pirate . Francis_Drake was second - in - command of the English fleet against the Spanish Armada in 1588 .
eos 
eos Francisco_Pizarro ( c. 1475-june 26 , 1541 ) was a Spanish conquistador , conqueror of the Inca Empire and founder of the city of Lima , the modern - day capital of Peru .
eos c. 1475-june 26 , 1541 ) was a Spanish conquistador , conqueror of the Inca Empire and founder of the city of Lima , the modern - day capital of Peru . Francisco_Pizarro was born in Trujillo , ( Extremadura ) , Spain . Sources differ in the birth year they assign to
eos Francisco_Pizarro was born in Trujillo , ( Extremadura ) , Spain . Sources differ in the birth year they assign to Francisco_Pizarro : 1471 , 1475 - 1478 , or unknown .
eos Sources differ in the birth year they assign to Francisco_Pizarro : 1471 , 1475 - 1478 , or unknown . Francisco_Pizarro was an illegitimate son of Gonzalo Pizarro ( senior ) who as colonel of infantry afterwards served in Italy under Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba , and in Navarre , with some distinction .
eos Francisco_Pizarro was an illegitimate son of Gonzalo Pizarro ( senior ) who as colonel of infantry afterwards served in Italy under Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba , and in Navarre , with some distinction . Francisco_Pizarro was the eldest brother of Gonzalo Pizarro ( junior ) , Juan Pizarro , and Hernando Pizarro .
eos Francisco_Pizarro was the second cousin of Hernán Cortés , the Conquistador of Mexico . ( There was another Francisco Pizarro who travelled with Cortés on his journeys . )
eos Francisco_Pizarro was the second cousin of Hernán Cortés , the Conquistador of Mexico . ( There was another Francisco Pizarro who travelled with Cortés on his journeys . ) Francisco_Pizarro parents never married each other when
eos ( There was another Francisco Pizarro who travelled with Cortés on his journeys . ) Francisco_Pizarro parents never married each other when Francisco_Pizarro was little . Francisco_Pizarro father was a royal captain of infantry and so
eos ( There was another Francisco Pizarro who travelled with Cortés on his journeys . ) Francisco_Pizarro parents never married each other when Francisco_Pizarro was little .
eos Francisco_Pizarro parents never married each other when Francisco_Pizarro was little . Francisco_Pizarro father was a royal captain of infantry and so Francisco_Pizarro never saw much of him .
eos Francisco_Pizarro parents never married each other when Francisco_Pizarro was little . Francisco_Pizarro father was a royal captain of infantry and so Francisco_Pizarro never saw much of him . Francisco_Pizarro was cared for by
eos Francisco_Pizarro parents never married each other when Francisco_Pizarro was little . Francisco_Pizarro father was a royal captain of infantry and so Francisco_Pizarro never saw much of him . Francisco_Pizarro was cared for by Francisco_Pizarro mother 's family but
eos Francisco_Pizarro parents never married each other when Francisco_Pizarro was little . Francisco_Pizarro father was a royal captain of infantry and so Francisco_Pizarro never saw much of him . Francisco_Pizarro was cared for by Francisco_Pizarro mother 's family but Francisco_Pizarro appears to have been poorly cared for , and
eos Francisco_Pizarro parents never married each other when Francisco_Pizarro was little . Francisco_Pizarro father was a royal captain of infantry and so Francisco_Pizarro never saw much of him . Francisco_Pizarro was cared for by Francisco_Pizarro mother 's family but Francisco_Pizarro appears to have been poorly cared for , and Francisco_Pizarro education was neglected , leaving
eos Francisco_Pizarro father was a royal captain of infantry and so Francisco_Pizarro never saw much of him . Francisco_Pizarro was cared for by Francisco_Pizarro mother 's family but Francisco_Pizarro appears to have been poorly cared for , and Francisco_Pizarro education was neglected , leaving Francisco_Pizarro illiterate .
eos Francisco_Pizarro was cared for by Francisco_Pizarro mother 's family but Francisco_Pizarro appears to have been poorly cared for , and Francisco_Pizarro education was neglected , leaving Francisco_Pizarro illiterate . Francisco_Pizarro was in Seville shortly after news of the discovery of the New World reached Spain .
eos Francisco_Pizarro was cared for by Francisco_Pizarro mother 's family but Francisco_Pizarro appears to have been poorly cared for , and Francisco_Pizarro education was neglected , leaving Francisco_Pizarro illiterate . Francisco_Pizarro was in Seville shortly after news of the discovery of the New World reached Spain . Francisco_Pizarro sailed to the New World in 1502 , landing in the West Indies and Francisco_Pizarro lived on the island of Hispaniola , where
eos Francisco_Pizarro was in Seville shortly after news of the discovery of the New World reached Spain . Francisco_Pizarro sailed to the New World in 1502 , landing in the West Indies and Francisco_Pizarro lived on the island of Hispaniola , where Francisco_Pizarro took part in various Spanish missions of exploration and conquest .
eos Francisco_Pizarro was in Seville shortly after news of the discovery of the New World reached Spain . Francisco_Pizarro sailed to the New World in 1502 , landing in the West Indies and Francisco_Pizarro lived on the island of Hispaniola , where Francisco_Pizarro took part in various Spanish missions of exploration and conquest . Francisco_Pizarro is heard of in 1510 as having taken part in an expedition from Hispaniola to Urab under Alonso de Ojeda , by whom
eos Francisco_Pizarro sailed to the New World in 1502 , landing in the West Indies and Francisco_Pizarro lived on the island of Hispaniola , where Francisco_Pizarro took part in various Spanish missions of exploration and conquest . Francisco_Pizarro is heard of in 1510 as having taken part in an expedition from Hispaniola to Urab under Alonso de Ojeda , by whom Francisco_Pizarro was entrusted with charge of the unfortunate settlement at San Sebastián . In 1513 ,
eos Francisco_Pizarro sailed to the New World in 1502 , landing in the West Indies and Francisco_Pizarro lived on the island of Hispaniola , where Francisco_Pizarro took part in various Spanish missions of exploration and conquest . Francisco_Pizarro is heard of in 1510 as having taken part in an expedition from Hispaniola to Urab under Alonso de Ojeda , by whom Francisco_Pizarro was entrusted with charge of the unfortunate settlement at San Sebastián . In 1513 , Francisco_Pizarro accompanied Vasco Núñez de Balboa ( whom
eos Francisco_Pizarro is heard of in 1510 as having taken part in an expedition from Hispaniola to Urab under Alonso de Ojeda , by whom Francisco_Pizarro was entrusted with charge of the unfortunate settlement at San Sebastián . In 1513 , Francisco_Pizarro accompanied Vasco Núñez de Balboa ( whom Francisco_Pizarro later helped to bring to the executioner 's block ) in his crossing of the Isthmus of Panama to discover the Pacific and to establish a settlement at Darién , Panama .
eos 
eos "" IPA : fʀɑ̃ˈswa mɔˈʀis mitɛˈʀɑ̃ "" ( october 26 , 1916 - january 8 , 1996 ) was a French politician .
eos fʀɑ̃ˈswa mɔˈʀis mitɛˈʀɑ̃ "" ( october 26 , 1916 - january 8 , 1996 ) was a French politician . Francois_Mitterrand was elected President of France in May 1981 , re - elected in 1988 and Francois_Mitterrand held office until 1995 . As of 2006 ,
eos Francois_Mitterrand was elected President of France in May 1981 , re - elected in 1988 and Francois_Mitterrand held office until 1995 . As of 2006 , Francois_Mitterrand holds the record of longest serving ( 14 years ) President of France .
eos 
eos Frank_Whittle , OM , KBE FRS ( 1 june 1907 - 9 august 1996 ) was a Royal Air Force officer
eos Frank_Whittle , OM , KBE FRS ( 1 june 1907 - 9 august 1996 ) was a Royal Air Force officer Frank_Whittle invented the jet engine . Due to funding and manufacturing problems and a lack of foresight on the part of the British Government in keeping sensitive patents secret , Hans von Ohain of Germany was able to beat
eos Frank_Whittle , OM , KBE FRS ( 1 june 1907 - 9 august 1996 ) was a Royal Air Force officer Frank_Whittle invented the jet engine . Due to funding and manufacturing problems and a lack of foresight on the part of the British Government in keeping sensitive patents secret , Hans von Ohain of Germany was able to beat Frank_Whittle to production models but
eos Frank_Whittle , OM , KBE FRS ( 1 june 1907 - 9 august 1996 ) was a Royal Air Force officer Frank_Whittle invented the jet engine . Due to funding and manufacturing problems and a lack of foresight on the part of the British Government in keeping sensitive patents secret , Hans von Ohain of Germany was able to beat Frank_Whittle to production models but Frank_Whittle work and tireless efforts to produce
eos Frank_Whittle , OM , KBE FRS ( 1 june 1907 - 9 august 1996 ) was a Royal Air Force officer Frank_Whittle invented the jet engine . Due to funding and manufacturing problems and a lack of foresight on the part of the British Government in keeping sensitive patents secret , Hans von Ohain of Germany was able to beat Frank_Whittle to production models but Frank_Whittle work and tireless efforts to produce Frank_Whittle designs given official lack of interest are legendary . By the end of the war ,
eos Due to funding and manufacturing problems and a lack of foresight on the part of the British Government in keeping sensitive patents secret , Hans von Ohain of Germany was able to beat Frank_Whittle to production models but Frank_Whittle work and tireless efforts to produce Frank_Whittle designs given official lack of interest are legendary . By the end of the war , Frank_Whittle efforts and Britain 's superior high - temperature alloys resulted in engines that led the world in performance for the next decade . Frank_Whittle and Ohain met after the war and initially Frank_Whittle was angry with him as Frank_Whittle felt Ohain had stolen
eos Due to funding and manufacturing problems and a lack of foresight on the part of the British Government in keeping sensitive patents secret , Hans von Ohain of Germany was able to beat Frank_Whittle to production models but Frank_Whittle work and tireless efforts to produce Frank_Whittle designs given official lack of interest are legendary . By the end of the war , Frank_Whittle efforts and Britain 's superior high - temperature alloys resulted in engines that led the world in performance for the next decade .
eos Due to funding and manufacturing problems and a lack of foresight on the part of the British Government in keeping sensitive patents secret , Hans von Ohain of Germany was able to beat Frank_Whittle to production models but Frank_Whittle work and tireless efforts to produce Frank_Whittle designs given official lack of interest are legendary . By the end of the war , Frank_Whittle efforts and Britain 's superior high - temperature alloys resulted in engines that led the world in performance for the next decade . Frank_Whittle and Ohain met after the war and initially
eos Due to funding and manufacturing problems and a lack of foresight on the part of the British Government in keeping sensitive patents secret , Hans von Ohain of Germany was able to beat Frank_Whittle to production models but Frank_Whittle work and tireless efforts to produce Frank_Whittle designs given official lack of interest are legendary . By the end of the war , Frank_Whittle efforts and Britain 's superior high - temperature alloys resulted in engines that led the world in performance for the next decade . Frank_Whittle and Ohain met after the war and initially Frank_Whittle was angry with him as
eos By the end of the war , Frank_Whittle efforts and Britain 's superior high - temperature alloys resulted in engines that led the world in performance for the next decade . Frank_Whittle and Ohain met after the war and initially Frank_Whittle was angry with him as Frank_Whittle felt Ohain had stolen Frank_Whittle ideas . Ohain eventually convinced
eos 
eos Freddie_Mercury ( september 5 1946 - november 24 1991 ) was a rock musician , best known as the frontman and lead singer for the English rock band Queen .
eos Freddie_Mercury ( september 5 1946 - november 24 1991 ) was a rock musician , best known as the frontman and lead singer for the English rock band Queen . Freddie_Mercury is remembered for
eos Freddie_Mercury ( september 5 1946 - november 24 1991 ) was a rock musician , best known as the frontman and lead singer for the English rock band Queen . Freddie_Mercury is remembered for Freddie_Mercury powerful vocal abilities and charisma as a live performer . As a songwriter ,
eos Freddie_Mercury is remembered for Freddie_Mercury powerful vocal abilities and charisma as a live performer . As a songwriter , Freddie_Mercury composed many international hits , including ` ` Bohemian Rhapsody '' , ` ` Somebody to Love '' , ` ` We Are the Champions '' and ` ` Crazy Little Thing Called Love . ''
eos 
eos Frederick_Banting , KBE , MC , MD , FRSC ( november 14 , 1891 - february 21 , 1941 ) was a Canadian medical scientist , doctor and Nobel laureate noted as one of the co - discovers of insulin .
eos Frederick_Banting , KBE , MC , MD , FRSC ( november 14 , 1891 - february 21 , 1941 ) was a Canadian medical scientist , doctor and Nobel laureate noted as one of the co - discovers of insulin . Frederick_Banting was born in Alliston , Ontario , Canada . After studying medicine at the University of Toronto and graduating in 1916 ,
eos Frederick_Banting was born in Alliston , Ontario , Canada . After studying medicine at the University of Toronto and graduating in 1916 , Frederick_Banting served in the Canadian Army Medical Corps during World War I
eos After studying medicine at the University of Toronto and graduating in 1916 , Frederick_Banting served in the Canadian Army Medical Corps during World War I Frederick_Banting won the Military Cross during the war . After the war ,
eos I Frederick_Banting won the Military Cross during the war . After the war , Frederick_Banting returned to Canada and between 1919 and 1920 Frederick_Banting completed
eos After the war , Frederick_Banting returned to Canada and between 1919 and 1920 Frederick_Banting completed Frederick_Banting training as an orthopedic surgeon at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto . In july 1920
eos Frederick_Banting completed Frederick_Banting training as an orthopedic surgeon at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto . In july 1920 Frederick_Banting began to practice medicine in London , Ontario and give lectures on endocrinology at the University of Western Ontario . There , on the night of 31 october , 1920 , during Frederick_Banting routine reading of articles in a medical journal ,
eos Frederick_Banting completed Frederick_Banting training as an orthopedic surgeon at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto . In july 1920 Frederick_Banting began to practice medicine in London , Ontario and give lectures on endocrinology at the University of Western Ontario . There , on the night of 31 october , 1920 , during
eos There , on the night of 31 october , 1920 , during Frederick_Banting routine reading of articles in a medical journal , Frederick_Banting wrote down an idea for a method to isolate the internal secretion of the pancreas , the crucial step needed for effective treatment for diabetes . Up to that point , all methods to obtain a useful secretion which could be safely administered to humans had proved unsuccessful . Dissatisfied with
eos There , on the night of 31 october , 1920 , during Frederick_Banting routine reading of articles in a medical journal , Frederick_Banting wrote down an idea for a method to isolate the internal secretion of the pancreas , the crucial step needed for effective treatment for diabetes . Up to that point , all methods to obtain a useful secretion which could be safely administered to humans had proved unsuccessful . Dissatisfied with Frederick_Banting practice and fascinated by
eos There , on the night of 31 october , 1920 , during Frederick_Banting routine reading of articles in a medical journal , Frederick_Banting wrote down an idea for a method to isolate the internal secretion of the pancreas , the crucial step needed for effective treatment for diabetes . Up to that point , all methods to obtain a useful secretion which could be safely administered to humans had proved unsuccessful . Dissatisfied with Frederick_Banting practice and fascinated by Frederick_Banting idea ,
eos Up to that point , all methods to obtain a useful secretion which could be safely administered to humans had proved unsuccessful . Dissatisfied with Frederick_Banting practice and fascinated by Frederick_Banting idea , Frederick_Banting left London and Frederick_Banting moved to Toronto . There , on 17 May , 1921
eos Up to that point , all methods to obtain a useful secretion which could be safely administered to humans had proved unsuccessful . Dissatisfied with Frederick_Banting practice and fascinated by Frederick_Banting idea , Frederick_Banting left London and Frederick_Banting moved to Toronto . There , on 17 May , 1921 Frederick_Banting began
eos Dissatisfied with Frederick_Banting practice and fascinated by Frederick_Banting idea , Frederick_Banting left London and Frederick_Banting moved to Toronto . There , on 17 May , 1921 Frederick_Banting began Frederick_Banting research at the University of Toronto , under the supervision of professor John Macleod .
eos Dissatisfied with Frederick_Banting practice and fascinated by Frederick_Banting idea , Frederick_Banting left London and Frederick_Banting moved to Toronto . There , on 17 May , 1921 Frederick_Banting began Frederick_Banting research at the University of Toronto , under the supervision of professor John Macleod . Frederick_Banting was assigned a single assistant to help
eos Frederick_Banting was assigned a single assistant to help Frederick_Banting , the young graduate student Charles Best . During a summer of intense work ,
eos Frederick_Banting was assigned a single assistant to help Frederick_Banting , the young graduate student Charles Best . During a summer of intense work , Frederick_Banting tested
eos The pancreas would be then removed some weeks later , with the hope that it would then contain a high concentration of uncontaminated secretion of the pancreas . An extract would then be made from it and administered to dogs with diabetes , to test whether it could treat their diabetes through lowering the blood sugar level . After some months of work , it appeared to
eos The pancreas would be then removed some weeks later , with the hope that it would then contain a high concentration of uncontaminated secretion of the pancreas . An extract would then be made from it and administered to dogs with diabetes , to test whether it could treat their diabetes through lowering the blood sugar level . After some months of work , it appeared to Frederick_Banting that
eos The pancreas would be then removed some weeks later , with the hope that it would then contain a high concentration of uncontaminated secretion of the pancreas . An extract would then be made from it and administered to dogs with diabetes , to test whether it could treat their diabetes through lowering the blood sugar level . After some months of work , it appeared to Frederick_Banting that Frederick_Banting method was working , and that
eos The pancreas would be then removed some weeks later , with the hope that it would then contain a high concentration of uncontaminated secretion of the pancreas . An extract would then be made from it and administered to dogs with diabetes , to test whether it could treat their diabetes through lowering the blood sugar level . After some months of work , it appeared to Frederick_Banting that Frederick_Banting method was working , and that Frederick_Banting could keep dogs with diabetes alive with
eos An extract would then be made from it and administered to dogs with diabetes , to test whether it could treat their diabetes through lowering the blood sugar level . After some months of work , it appeared to Frederick_Banting that Frederick_Banting method was working , and that Frederick_Banting could keep dogs with diabetes alive with Frederick_Banting extract .
eos An extract would then be made from it and administered to dogs with diabetes , to test whether it could treat their diabetes through lowering the blood sugar level . After some months of work , it appeared to Frederick_Banting that Frederick_Banting method was working , and that Frederick_Banting could keep dogs with diabetes alive with Frederick_Banting extract . Frederick_Banting enthusiastically reported
eos After some months of work , it appeared to Frederick_Banting that Frederick_Banting method was working , and that Frederick_Banting could keep dogs with diabetes alive with Frederick_Banting extract . Frederick_Banting enthusiastically reported Frederick_Banting findings to Macleod , who had been away on his summer holidays during this time . In retrospect , some claim that
eos After some months of work , it appeared to Frederick_Banting that Frederick_Banting method was working , and that Frederick_Banting could keep dogs with diabetes alive with Frederick_Banting extract . Frederick_Banting enthusiastically reported Frederick_Banting findings to Macleod , who had been away on his summer holidays during this time . In retrospect , some claim that Frederick_Banting experiments were crude and did not prove the validity of
eos People suffered from problems with fat and protein metabolism , leading to blindness and then death only a short time after the onset of the illness . Leonard Thompson was the first person to be administered . In 1923
eos Leonard Thompson was the first person to be administered . In 1923 Frederick_Banting and Macleod received the Nobel Prize in Medicine .
eos In 1923 Frederick_Banting and Macleod received the Nobel Prize in Medicine . Frederick_Banting shared the award money with Best , believing that Best deserved the Prize more than Macleod , who in turn shared his award money with Collip .
eos Frederick_Banting shared the award money with Best , believing that Best deserved the Prize more than Macleod , who in turn shared his award money with Collip . Frederick_Banting was widely esteemed in Canada as the first Canadian to achieve worldwide scientific fame . The Canadian government gave
eos Frederick_Banting shared the award money with Best , believing that Best deserved the Prize more than Macleod , who in turn shared his award money with Collip . Frederick_Banting was widely esteemed in Canada as the first Canadian to achieve worldwide scientific fame . The Canadian government gave Frederick_Banting a lifetime grant for
eos Frederick_Banting was widely esteemed in Canada as the first Canadian to achieve worldwide scientific fame . The Canadian government gave Frederick_Banting a lifetime grant for Frederick_Banting research . In 1934 King George V bestowed a knighthood on
eos Frederick_Banting was widely esteemed in Canada as the first Canadian to achieve worldwide scientific fame . The Canadian government gave Frederick_Banting a lifetime grant for Frederick_Banting research . In 1934 King George V bestowed a knighthood on Frederick_Banting , making
eos 
eos Freeman_Dyson ( born december 15 , 1923 ) is an English - born physicist and mathematician , famous for
eos Freeman_Dyson ( born december 15 , 1923 ) is an English - born physicist and mathematician , famous for Freeman_Dyson work in quantum mechanics , nuclear weapons design and policy , and for
eos Freeman_Dyson ( born december 15 , 1923 ) is an English - born physicist and mathematician , famous for Freeman_Dyson work in quantum mechanics , nuclear weapons design and policy , and for Freeman_Dyson serious theorizing in futurism and science fiction concepts , including the search for extraterrestrial intelligence .
eos Freeman_Dyson ( born december 15 , 1923 ) is an English - born physicist and mathematician , famous for Freeman_Dyson work in quantum mechanics , nuclear weapons design and policy , and for Freeman_Dyson serious theorizing in futurism and science fiction concepts , including the search for extraterrestrial intelligence . Freeman_Dyson is a lifelong opponent of nationalism , and proponent of nuclear disarmament and international cooperation .
eos 
eos Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez , also known as Gabo ( born march 6 , 1928 ) , is a Colombian novelist , journalist , publisher , political activist , and recipient of the 1982 Nobel Prize in Literature . Born in the town of Aracataca in the department of Magdalena ,
eos Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez , also known as Gabo ( born march 6 , 1928 ) , is a Colombian novelist , journalist , publisher , political activist , and recipient of the 1982 Nobel Prize in Literature . Born in the town of Aracataca in the department of Magdalena , Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez has lived mostly in Mexico and Europe and Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez currently spends much of
eos Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez , also known as Gabo ( born march 6 , 1928 ) , is a Colombian novelist , journalist , publisher , political activist , and recipient of the 1982 Nobel Prize in Literature . Born in the town of Aracataca in the department of Magdalena , Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez has lived mostly in Mexico and Europe and Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez currently spends much of Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez time in Mexico City . Widely credited with introducing the global public to magical realism ,
eos Born in the town of Aracataca in the department of Magdalena , Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez has lived mostly in Mexico and Europe and Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez currently spends much of Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez time in Mexico City . Widely credited with introducing the global public to magical realism , Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez has secured both significant critical acclaim and widespread commercial success . A growing consensus of literary scholars holds that
eos Widely credited with introducing the global public to magical realism , Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez has secured both significant critical acclaim and widespread commercial success . A growing consensus of literary scholars holds that Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez ranks alongside Jorge Luis Borges and Julio Cortázar as one of South America 's greatest 20th - century authors .
eos 
eos Claudius Galenus of Pergamum ( 129 - 200 AD ) , better known in English as Galen , was an ancient Greek physician . The forename ` ` Claudius '' is absent in Greek texts ; it was first documented in texts from the Renaissance .
eos 
eos Gao_Xingjian ( pron . "" IPA : káu ɕĭŋ tɕiɛ̂n "" ; "" Chinese : 高行健 , Pinyin : "" "" "" ; born january 4 , 1940 ) , is a Chinese emigré novelist , dramatist and critic ,
eos Gao_Xingjian ( pron . "" IPA : káu ɕĭŋ tɕiɛ̂n "" ; "" Chinese : 高行健 , Pinyin : "" "" "" ; born january 4 , 1940 ) , is a Chinese emigré novelist , dramatist and critic , Gao_Xingjian received the 2000 Nobel Prize in Literature .
eos "" IPA : káu ɕĭŋ tɕiɛ̂n "" ; "" Chinese : 高行健 , Pinyin : "" "" "" ; born january 4 , 1940 ) , is a Chinese emigré novelist , dramatist and critic , Gao_Xingjian received the 2000 Nobel Prize in Literature . Gao_Xingjian is also a noted translator , stage director and painter . Born in Ganzhou , Jiangxi , China ,
eos Gao_Xingjian is also a noted translator , stage director and painter . Born in Ganzhou , Jiangxi , China , Gao_Xingjian is now a French citizen . In 1992
eos Born in Ganzhou , Jiangxi , China , Gao_Xingjian is now a French citizen . In 1992 Gao_Xingjian was awarded the Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French government . Although the general position by the Chinese media and government towards
eos Born in Ganzhou , Jiangxi , China , Gao_Xingjian is now a French citizen . In 1992 Gao_Xingjian was awarded the Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French government . Although the general position by the Chinese media and government towards Gao_Xingjian is that of silence , the Yangcheng Evening News , a state - run newspaper , in 2001 , criticized one of
eos In 1992 Gao_Xingjian was awarded the Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French government . Although the general position by the Chinese media and government towards Gao_Xingjian is that of silence , the Yangcheng Evening News , a state - run newspaper , in 2001 , criticized one of Gao_Xingjian works . A Chinese columnist called
eos In 1992 Gao_Xingjian was awarded the Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French government . Although the general position by the Chinese media and government towards Gao_Xingjian is that of silence , the Yangcheng Evening News , a state - run newspaper , in 2001 , criticized one of Gao_Xingjian works . A Chinese columnist called Gao_Xingjian an ` ` awful writer , '' and said that the idea of
eos Although the general position by the Chinese media and government towards Gao_Xingjian is that of silence , the Yangcheng Evening News , a state - run newspaper , in 2001 , criticized one of Gao_Xingjian works . A Chinese columnist called Gao_Xingjian an ` ` awful writer , '' and said that the idea of Gao_Xingjian winning the Nobel Prize was ` ` ludicrous . ''
eos A Chinese columnist called Gao_Xingjian an ` ` awful writer , '' and said that the idea of Gao_Xingjian winning the Nobel Prize was ` ` ludicrous . '' Gao_Xingjian Swedish translator Göran Malmqvist is a member of the Swedish Academy and thus partly responsible for the award of the Nobel Prize . Ten days before the award decision was made public ,
eos A Chinese columnist called Gao_Xingjian an ` ` awful writer , '' and said that the idea of Gao_Xingjian winning the Nobel Prize was ` ` ludicrous . '' Gao_Xingjian Swedish translator Göran Malmqvist is a member of the Swedish Academy and thus partly responsible for the award of the Nobel Prize . Ten days before the award decision was made public , Gao_Xingjian changed
eos Gao_Xingjian Swedish translator Göran Malmqvist is a member of the Swedish Academy and thus partly responsible for the award of the Nobel Prize . Ten days before the award decision was made public , Gao_Xingjian changed Gao_Xingjian Swedish publisher ( from Forum to Atlantis ) , but Göran Malmqvist has denied leaking information about the award . The Chinese government officially regards
eos Gao_Xingjian Swedish translator Göran Malmqvist is a member of the Swedish Academy and thus partly responsible for the award of the Nobel Prize . Ten days before the award decision was made public , Gao_Xingjian changed Gao_Xingjian Swedish publisher ( from Forum to Atlantis ) , but Göran Malmqvist has denied leaking information about the award . The Chinese government officially regards Gao_Xingjian as an exiled dissident , and all of
eos 
eos Gary_Becker ( born december 2 , 1930 ) is an American economist . A professor at the University of Chicago ,
eos Gary_Becker ( born december 2 , 1930 ) is an American economist . A professor at the University of Chicago , Gary_Becker won the 1992 Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for ` ` having extended the domain of microeconomic analysis to a wide range of human behavior and interaction , including non - market behavior '' .
eos A professor at the University of Chicago , Gary_Becker won the 1992 Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for ` ` having extended the domain of microeconomic analysis to a wide range of human behavior and interaction , including non - market behavior '' . Gary_Becker is also a member of the Hoover Institution and the National Bureau of Economic Research . Born in Pottsville , Pennsylvania ,
eos Gary_Becker is also a member of the Hoover Institution and the National Bureau of Economic Research . Born in Pottsville , Pennsylvania , Gary_Becker earned a BA at Princeton University in 1951 and a PhD at the University of Chicago in 1955 .
eos Gary_Becker is also a member of the Hoover Institution and the National Bureau of Economic Research . Born in Pottsville , Pennsylvania , Gary_Becker earned a BA at Princeton University in 1951 and a PhD at the University of Chicago in 1955 . Gary_Becker taught at Columbia University from 1957 to 1968 , and Gary_Becker then returned to Chicago , where
eos Born in Pottsville , Pennsylvania , Gary_Becker earned a BA at Princeton University in 1951 and a PhD at the University of Chicago in 1955 . Gary_Becker taught at Columbia University from 1957 to 1968 , and Gary_Becker then returned to Chicago , where Gary_Becker still teaches price theory to the new graduate students each year .
eos Gary_Becker taught at Columbia University from 1957 to 1968 , and Gary_Becker then returned to Chicago , where Gary_Becker still teaches price theory to the new graduate students each year . Gary_Becker won the John Bates Clark Medal in 1967 .
eos Gary_Becker won the John Bates Clark Medal in 1967 . Gary_Becker was one of the first economists to branch into what were traditionally considered topics belonging to sociology , including racial discrimination , crime , family organization , and drug addiction .
eos Gary_Becker was one of the first economists to branch into what were traditionally considered topics belonging to sociology , including racial discrimination , crime , family organization , and drug addiction . Gary_Becker is known for arguing that many different types of human behavior can be seen as rational and utility maximizing .
eos Gary_Becker is known for arguing that many different types of human behavior can be seen as rational and utility maximizing . Gary_Becker approach can include altruistic behavior by defining individuals ' utility appropriately .
eos Gary_Becker approach can include altruistic behavior by defining individuals ' utility appropriately . Gary_Becker is also among the foremost exponents of the study of human capital .
eos Gary_Becker is also among the foremost exponents of the study of human capital . Gary_Becker is also credited with the ` ` rotten kid theorem '' . According to the Nobel Prize citation ,
eos * investments in human capital * behavior of the family ( or household ) , including distribution of work and allocation of time in the family * crime and punishment * discrimination on the markets for labor and goods .
eos * crime and punishment * discrimination on the markets for labor and goods . Gary_Becker Nobel lecture , ` ` Nobel Lecture : The Economic Way of Looking at Behavior '' , subsequently published in the Journal of Political Economy , reviews
eos Gary_Becker Nobel lecture , ` ` Nobel Lecture : The Economic Way of Looking at Behavior '' , subsequently published in the Journal of Political Economy , reviews Gary_Becker four key areas of research .
eos Gary_Becker Nobel lecture , ` ` Nobel Lecture : The Economic Way of Looking at Behavior '' , subsequently published in the Journal of Political Economy , reviews Gary_Becker four key areas of research . Gary_Becker explains that
eos Yes , agents are maximizing welfare but it is based on individual conception constrained by income , time , and imperfect memory and calculation capabilities . Much of
eos but it is based on individual conception constrained by income , time , and imperfect memory and calculation capabilities . Much of Gary_Becker research focuses on the impact of the rising value of time as a result of economic growth .
eos 
eos lo : pri : n'tsip ) ( july 25 , 1894 - april 28 , 1918 ) was a Serb member of the Young Bosnia secret society
eos 
eos ( IPA : IPA : ʧiŋgɪs χaːŋ , Mongolian : "" Mongolian : Чингис Хаан "" , "" Chinese : 成吉思汗 "" Chéngjísī Hán , Turkic : Chengez Khan , Chinggis Khan , Chinggis Xaan , Chingis Khan , Jenghis Khan , Chinggis Qan , Cengiz Han etc . ) , was a Mongol political and military leader or Khan ( posthumously Khagan )
eos Born to the name Temüjin in the Borjigin family ( Mongolian : "" Mongolian : Тэмүүжин "" , ) ,
eos ( Mongolian : "" Mongolian : Тэмүүжин "" , ) , Genghis_Khan forged a powerful army based on meritocracy to become one of the most successful military leaders in the whole of history . While
eos ( Mongolian : "" Mongolian : Тэмүүжин "" , ) , Genghis_Khan forged a powerful army based on meritocracy to become one of the most successful military leaders in the whole of history . While Genghis_Khan image in most of the world is that of a ruthless , bloodthirsty conqueror ,
eos ( Mongolian : "" Mongolian : Тэмүүжин "" , ) , Genghis_Khan forged a powerful army based on meritocracy to become one of the most successful military leaders in the whole of history . While Genghis_Khan image in most of the world is that of a ruthless , bloodthirsty conqueror , Genghis_Khan is an iconic and beloved figure in Mongolia , where
eos "" Mongolian : Тэмүүжин "" , ) , Genghis_Khan forged a powerful army based on meritocracy to become one of the most successful military leaders in the whole of history . While Genghis_Khan image in most of the world is that of a ruthless , bloodthirsty conqueror , Genghis_Khan is an iconic and beloved figure in Mongolia , where Genghis_Khan is seen as the father of the Mongol Nation ( see also Mongolia ) . Before becoming a Khan ,
eos 
eos Geoffrey_Chaucer ( c. 1343 - october 25 , 1400 ) was an English author , poet , philosopher , bureaucrat ( courtier ) , and a diplomat .
eos Geoffrey_Chaucer ( c. 1343 - october 25 , 1400 ) was an English author , poet , philosopher , bureaucrat ( courtier ) , and a diplomat . Geoffrey_Chaucer is often referred to as the Father of English Literature . Although
eos Geoffrey_Chaucer ( c. 1343 - october 25 , 1400 ) was an English author , poet , philosopher , bureaucrat ( courtier ) , and a diplomat . Geoffrey_Chaucer is often referred to as the Father of English Literature . Although Geoffrey_Chaucer wrote many works
eos Geoffrey_Chaucer ( c. 1343 - october 25 , 1400 ) was an English author , poet , philosopher , bureaucrat ( courtier ) , and a diplomat . Geoffrey_Chaucer is often referred to as the Father of English Literature . Although Geoffrey_Chaucer wrote many works Geoffrey_Chaucer is best remembered for
eos Geoffrey_Chaucer is often referred to as the Father of English Literature . Although Geoffrey_Chaucer wrote many works Geoffrey_Chaucer is best remembered for Geoffrey_Chaucer unfinished frame narrative The Canterbury Tales .
eos 
eos Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel IPA : ˈgeɔʁk ˈvɪlhɛlm ˈfʁiːdʁɪç ˈheːgəl ( august 27 , 1770 - november 14 , 1831 ) was a German philosopher born in Stuttgart , Württemberg , in present - day southwest Germany .
eos Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel IPA : ˈgeɔʁk ˈvɪlhɛlm ˈfʁiːdʁɪç ˈheːgəl ( august 27 , 1770 - november 14 , 1831 ) was a German philosopher born in Stuttgart , Württemberg , in present - day southwest Germany . Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel influence has been widespread on writers of widely varying positions , including both
eos Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel IPA : ˈgeɔʁk ˈvɪlhɛlm ˈfʁiːdʁɪç ˈheːgəl ( august 27 , 1770 - november 14 , 1831 ) was a German philosopher born in Stuttgart , Württemberg , in present - day southwest Germany . Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel influence has been widespread on writers of widely varying positions , including both Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel admirers ( F. H Bradley , Sartre , Hans Küng , Bruno Bauer ) , and
eos was a German philosopher born in Stuttgart , Württemberg , in present - day southwest Germany . Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel influence has been widespread on writers of widely varying positions , including both Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel admirers ( F. H Bradley , Sartre , Hans Küng , Bruno Bauer ) , and Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel detractors ( Kierkegaard , Schopenhauer , Heidegger , Schelling ) .
eos Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel great achievement was to introduce for the first time in philosophy the idea that History and the concrete are important in getting out of the circle of philosophia perennis , ie , the perennial problems of philosophy . Also , for the first time in the history of philosophy
eos 
eos George_Harrison , MBE ( february 25 , 1943 - november 29 , 2001 ) was a popular English guitarist , singer , songwriter , record producer , and film producer , best known as a member of The Beatles .
eos George_Harrison was the lead guitarist of The Beatles . During the band 's phenomenally successful career , John Lennon and Paul McCartney were its main songwriters . However ,
eos During the band 's phenomenally successful career , John Lennon and Paul McCartney were its main songwriters . However , George_Harrison wrote and/or sang lead on one or two songs each album .
eos During the band 's phenomenally successful career , John Lennon and Paul McCartney were its main songwriters . However , George_Harrison wrote and/or sang lead on one or two songs each album . George_Harrison songs earned
eos During the band 's phenomenally successful career , John Lennon and Paul McCartney were its main songwriters . However , George_Harrison wrote and/or sang lead on one or two songs each album . George_Harrison songs earned George_Harrison growing admiration as a considerable talent in
eos However , George_Harrison wrote and/or sang lead on one or two songs each album . George_Harrison songs earned George_Harrison growing admiration as a considerable talent in George_Harrison own right . Although
eos However , George_Harrison wrote and/or sang lead on one or two songs each album . George_Harrison songs earned George_Harrison growing admiration as a considerable talent in George_Harrison own right . Although George_Harrison wrote some of the Beatles ' best known songs ,
eos George_Harrison songs earned George_Harrison growing admiration as a considerable talent in George_Harrison own right . Although George_Harrison wrote some of the Beatles ' best known songs , George_Harrison was overshadowed by the Lennon / McCartney duo , and George_Harrison subsequently suffered as an artist . While still a Beatle ,
eos Although George_Harrison wrote some of the Beatles ' best known songs , George_Harrison was overshadowed by the Lennon / McCartney duo , and George_Harrison subsequently suffered as an artist . While still a Beatle , George_Harrison became attracted to Indian music and Hinduism , sparking unprecedented interest in Eastern beliefs and music in the Western Hemisphere . Both would subsequently play a prominent role in
eos While still a Beatle , George_Harrison became attracted to Indian music and Hinduism , sparking unprecedented interest in Eastern beliefs and music in the Western Hemisphere . Both would subsequently play a prominent role in George_Harrison life and music . Around this time
eos While still a Beatle , George_Harrison became attracted to Indian music and Hinduism , sparking unprecedented interest in Eastern beliefs and music in the Western Hemisphere . Both would subsequently play a prominent role in George_Harrison life and music . Around this time George_Harrison also became a vegetarian , and
eos While still a Beatle , George_Harrison became attracted to Indian music and Hinduism , sparking unprecedented interest in Eastern beliefs and music in the Western Hemisphere . Both would subsequently play a prominent role in George_Harrison life and music . Around this time George_Harrison also became a vegetarian , and George_Harrison remained one until
eos Both would subsequently play a prominent role in George_Harrison life and music . Around this time George_Harrison also became a vegetarian , and George_Harrison remained one until George_Harrison death . The Beatles ' first vegetarian experience came when
eos Around this time George_Harrison also became a vegetarian , and George_Harrison remained one until George_Harrison death . The Beatles ' first vegetarian experience came when George_Harrison led them to India and the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi .
eos George_Harrison also had an uneven but sometimes very successful solo career after the break - up of The Beatles , scoring major hits with ` ` My Sweet Lord '' ( 1970 ) , ` ` Give Me Love ( Give Me Peace on Earth ) '' ( 1973 ) , ` ` All Those Years Ago '' ( 1981 ) , and ` ` Got My Mind Set on You '' ( 1987 ) .
eos Ago '' ( 1981 ) , and ` ` Got My Mind Set on You '' ( 1987 ) . George_Harrison landmark album , All Things Must Pass , currently holds the title of the best selling album by a solo Beatle .
eos All Things Must Pass , currently holds the title of the best selling album by a solo Beatle . George_Harrison also organized the first large - scale benefit concert , The Concert For Bangladesh , which took place on august 1 , 1971 .
eos George_Harrison also organized the first large - scale benefit concert , The Concert For Bangladesh , which took place on august 1 , 1971 . George_Harrison was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a solo artist in 2004 .
eos George_Harrison was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a solo artist in 2004 . George_Harrison was also a film producer and George_Harrison founded Handmade Films in 1979 . The company 's films include Monty Python 's The Life of Brian ( in which
eos George_Harrison was also a film producer and George_Harrison founded Handmade Films in 1979 . The company 's films include Monty Python 's The Life of Brian ( in which George_Harrison had a very minor cameo ) , Time Bandits , Withnail and I , and Mona Lisa .
eos 
eos George_Maciunas ( november 8 , 1931 - May 9 , 1978 ) was an American artist
eos George_Maciunas ( november 8 , 1931 - May 9 , 1978 ) was an American artist George_Maciunas was a founding member of the Fluxus , an international community of artists , architects , composers , and designers .
eos an American artist George_Maciunas was a founding member of the Fluxus , an international community of artists , architects , composers , and designers . George_Maciunas is generally credited with having invented the name ` ` Fluxus . ''
eos George_Maciunas ( "" Lithuanian : Jurgis Mačiūnas "" , pronounced machunas ) was born in Kaunas , Lithuania , to a Lithuanian father and Russian mother . As a young man ,
eos George_Maciunas ( "" Lithuanian : Jurgis Mačiūnas "" , pronounced machunas ) was born in Kaunas , Lithuania , to a Lithuanian father and Russian mother . As a young man , George_Maciunas moved to the United States where
eos ( "" Lithuanian : Jurgis Mačiūnas "" , pronounced machunas ) was born in Kaunas , Lithuania , to a Lithuanian father and Russian mother . As a young man , George_Maciunas moved to the United States where George_Maciunas studied architecture at Carnegie Mellon University . Later ,
eos ( "" Lithuanian : Jurgis Mačiūnas "" , pronounced machunas ) was born in Kaunas , Lithuania , to a Lithuanian father and Russian mother . As a young man , George_Maciunas moved to the United States where George_Maciunas studied architecture at Carnegie Mellon University . Later , George_Maciunas moved to Germany to escape
eos As a young man , George_Maciunas moved to the United States where George_Maciunas studied architecture at Carnegie Mellon University . Later , George_Maciunas moved to Germany to escape George_Maciunas creditors . It was in Germany at a 1962 festival in Wiesbaden that
eos Later , George_Maciunas moved to Germany to escape George_Maciunas creditors . It was in Germany at a 1962 festival in Wiesbaden that George_Maciunas , Dick Higgins , Nam june Paik , Wolf Vostell , Emmett Williams , Alison Knowles , and Ben Patterson staged the first Fluxus festival .
eos It was in Germany at a 1962 festival in Wiesbaden that George_Maciunas , Dick Higgins , Nam june Paik , Wolf Vostell , Emmett Williams , Alison Knowles , and Ben Patterson staged the first Fluxus festival . George_Maciunas developed several loft buildings in SoHo New York and a farm in Great Barrington , Massachusetts as artist housing projects .
eos George_Maciunas developed several loft buildings in SoHo New York and a farm in Great Barrington , Massachusetts as artist housing projects . George_Maciunas pioneered SoHo as a haven for artists by converting tumbledown buildings into lofts and living space .
eos George_Maciunas developed several loft buildings in SoHo New York and a farm in Great Barrington , Massachusetts as artist housing projects . George_Maciunas pioneered SoHo as a haven for artists by converting tumbledown buildings into lofts and living space . George_Maciunas real estate ventures were usually several steps ahead of the law and in 1975
eos George_Maciunas pioneered SoHo as a haven for artists by converting tumbledown buildings into lofts and living space . George_Maciunas real estate ventures were usually several steps ahead of the law and in 1975 George_Maciunas was seriously injured in an assault arranged by an unpaid contractor related to the mob . The attack left
eos George_Maciunas real estate ventures were usually several steps ahead of the law and in 1975 George_Maciunas was seriously injured in an assault arranged by an unpaid contractor related to the mob . The attack left George_Maciunas blind in one eye . After suffering from cancer ,
eos The attack left George_Maciunas blind in one eye . After suffering from cancer , George_Maciunas died in a hospital in Boston , USA . Three months before
eos The attack left George_Maciunas blind in one eye . After suffering from cancer , George_Maciunas died in a hospital in Boston , USA . Three months before George_Maciunas death ,
eos The attack left George_Maciunas blind in one eye . After suffering from cancer , George_Maciunas died in a hospital in Boston , USA . Three months before George_Maciunas death , George_Maciunas married one of
eos Their wedding was a performance piece called ` ` The Fluxwedding . '' The bride and groom traded clothing .
eos An Maciunas and titled Machunas premiered in august 2005 in the St. Christopher Summer Festival in Vilnius , Lithuania . Machunas was conceived by artist Lucio Pozzi , with music by Frank J Oteri . Several of
eos 
eos George_Monbiot ( born january 27 , 1963 ) is a leftwing journalist , author , academic and environmental and political activist in the United Kingdom
eos 
eos George_Stephenson ( 9 june 1781 - 12 august 1848 ) was an English mechanical engineer
eos George_Stephenson ( 9 june 1781 - 12 august 1848 ) was an English mechanical engineer George_Stephenson designed the famous and historically important steam locomotive named Rocket and George_Stephenson is known as the ` ` Father of Railways '' . The Victorians considered
eos George_Stephenson ( 9 june 1781 - 12 august 1848 ) was an English mechanical engineer George_Stephenson designed the famous and historically important steam locomotive named Rocket and George_Stephenson is known as the ` ` Father of Railways '' . The Victorians considered George_Stephenson a great example of diligent application and thirst for improvement , with self - help advocate Samuel Smiles particularly praising
eos George_Stephenson ( 9 june 1781 - 12 august 1848 ) was an English mechanical engineer George_Stephenson designed the famous and historically important steam locomotive named Rocket and George_Stephenson is known as the ` ` Father of Railways '' . The Victorians considered George_Stephenson a great example of diligent application and thirst for improvement , with self - help advocate Samuel Smiles particularly praising George_Stephenson achievements .
eos 
eos Germaine_Greer ( born january 29 , 1939 ) is an Australian academic , writer , and broadcaster ,
eos Germaine_Greer ( born january 29 , 1939 ) is an Australian academic , writer , and broadcaster , Germaine_Greer is widely regarded as one of the most significant feminist voices of the 20th century .
eos Germaine_Greer ( born january 29 , 1939 ) is an Australian academic , writer , and broadcaster , Germaine_Greer is widely regarded as one of the most significant feminist voices of the 20th century . Germaine_Greer is Professor Emeritus of English literature and Comparative Studies at the University of Warwick in England after having recently retired , and Germaine_Greer is the author of several highly acclaimed books .
eos Germaine_Greer ( born january 29 , 1939 ) is an Australian academic , writer , and broadcaster , Germaine_Greer is widely regarded as one of the most significant feminist voices of the 20th century . Germaine_Greer is Professor Emeritus of English literature and Comparative Studies at the University of Warwick in England after having recently retired , and Germaine_Greer is the author of several highly acclaimed books . Germaine_Greer ground - breaking The Female Eunuch became an international bestseller when it was published in 1970 , turning
eos Germaine_Greer ( born january 29 , 1939 ) is an Australian academic , writer , and broadcaster , Germaine_Greer is widely regarded as one of the most significant feminist voices of the 20th century . Germaine_Greer is Professor Emeritus of English literature and Comparative Studies at the University of Warwick in England after having recently retired , and Germaine_Greer is the author of several highly acclaimed books . Germaine_Greer ground - breaking The Female Eunuch became an international bestseller when it was published in 1970 , turning Germaine_Greer overnight into a household name , and bringing
eos Germaine_Greer is Professor Emeritus of English literature and Comparative Studies at the University of Warwick in England after having recently retired , and Germaine_Greer is the author of several highly acclaimed books . Germaine_Greer ground - breaking The Female Eunuch became an international bestseller when it was published in 1970 , turning Germaine_Greer overnight into a household name , and bringing Germaine_Greer both adulation and criticism .
eos Germaine_Greer ground - breaking The Female Eunuch became an international bestseller when it was published in 1970 , turning Germaine_Greer overnight into a household name , and bringing Germaine_Greer both adulation and criticism . Germaine_Greer ideas have created controversy ever since . Belinda Luscombe in Time Magazine called Germaine_Greer ` ` the ultimate Trojan Horse , gorgeous and witty , built to penetrate the seemingly unassailable fortress of patriarchy and let the rest of us foot soldiers in , '' describing
eos Germaine_Greer ground - breaking The Female Eunuch became an international bestseller when it was published in 1970 , turning Germaine_Greer overnight into a household name , and bringing Germaine_Greer both adulation and criticism . Germaine_Greer ideas have created controversy ever since . Belinda Luscombe in Time Magazine called
eos Germaine_Greer ideas have created controversy ever since . Belinda Luscombe in Time Magazine called Germaine_Greer ` ` the ultimate Trojan Horse , gorgeous and witty , built to penetrate the seemingly unassailable fortress of patriarchy and let the rest of us foot soldiers in , '' describing Germaine_Greer as ` ` a joy to read , an eloquent maniac . '' Angela Carter described
eos Germaine_Greer ideas have created controversy ever since . Belinda Luscombe in Time Magazine called Germaine_Greer ` ` the ultimate Trojan Horse , gorgeous and witty , built to penetrate the seemingly unassailable fortress of patriarchy and let the rest of us foot soldiers in , '' describing Germaine_Greer as ` ` a joy to read , an eloquent maniac . '' Angela Carter described Germaine_Greer as ` ` a clever fool '' , while former British MP Edwina Currie called
eos 
eos Gilles_Kepel is a prominent French scholar and analyst of the Islamic and the Arab world .
eos Gilles_Kepel has written works on Radical Islam including Jihad : The Trail of Political Islam .
eos 
eos Glenn_Gould ( september 25 , 1932 - october 4 , 1982 ) was a celebrated Canadian pianist , noted especially for
eos Glenn_Gould ( september 25 , 1932 - october 4 , 1982 ) was a celebrated Canadian pianist , noted especially for Glenn_Gould recordings of Johann Sebastian Bach 's keyboard music .
eos Glenn_Gould ( september 25 , 1932 - october 4 , 1982 ) was a celebrated Canadian pianist , noted especially for Glenn_Gould recordings of Johann Sebastian Bach 's keyboard music . Glenn_Gould gave up live performance in 1964 , dedicating
eos Glenn_Gould ( september 25 , 1932 - october 4 , 1982 ) was a celebrated Canadian pianist , noted especially for Glenn_Gould recordings of Johann Sebastian Bach 's keyboard music . Glenn_Gould gave up live performance in 1964 , dedicating Glenn_Gould to the recording studio for the rest of
eos 
eos Gore_Vidal ( born october 3 1925 ) is a prolific , versatile American writer of novels , stage plays , screenplays , and essays , and , of late , a liberal political pundit . For nearly sixty years ,
eos 
eos Gregor_Mendel ( july 20 , 1822 - january 6 , 1884 ) was an Augustinian abbot
eos Gregor_Mendel ( july 20 , 1822 - january 6 , 1884 ) was an Augustinian abbot Gregor_Mendel is often called the ` ` father of modern genetics '' for
eos Gregor_Mendel ( july 20 , 1822 - january 6 , 1884 ) was an Augustinian abbot Gregor_Mendel is often called the ` ` father of modern genetics '' for Gregor_Mendel study of the inheritance of traits in pea plants .
eos Gregor_Mendel ( july 20 , 1822 - january 6 , 1884 ) was an Augustinian abbot Gregor_Mendel is often called the ` ` father of modern genetics '' for Gregor_Mendel study of the inheritance of traits in pea plants . Gregor_Mendel showed that the inheritance of traits follows particular laws , which were later named after
eos Gregor_Mendel ( july 20 , 1822 - january 6 , 1884 ) was an Augustinian abbot Gregor_Mendel is often called the ` ` father of modern genetics '' for Gregor_Mendel study of the inheritance of traits in pea plants . Gregor_Mendel showed that the inheritance of traits follows particular laws , which were later named after Gregor_Mendel . The significance of
eos 
eos Gro_Harlem_Brundtland "" IPA : gro hɑɭɛm brʉntlɑnd "" ( born april 20 , 1939 ) is a Norwegian politician , diplomat , and physician , and an international leader in sustainable development and public health .
eos 
eos Guglielmo_Marconi , GCVO ( 25 april 1874 - 20 july 1937 ) was an Italian inventor , best known for
eos Guglielmo_Marconi , GCVO ( 25 april 1874 - 20 july 1937 ) was an Italian inventor , best known for Guglielmo_Marconi development of a practical radiotelegraph system , which served as the foundation for the establishment of numerous affiliated companies worldwide .
eos 
eos Guy_Fawkes ( april 13 1570 - january 31 1606 ) ,
eos Guy_Fawkes ( april 13 1570 - january 31 1606 ) , Guy_Fawkes was also known as Guido Fawkes , born in York , was an English soldier and member of a group of Roman Catholics who attempted to carry out the Gunpowder Plot on 5 november 1605 . The plot was an attempt to assassinate the Protestant King James I ( James VI of Scotland ) and the members of both houses of the Parliament of England , by blowing up Westminster Palace during the formal opening session of the 1605 Parliament , in which the king would address a joint assembly of both the House of Lords and the House of Commons .
eos The plot was an attempt to assassinate the Protestant King James I ( James VI of Scotland ) and the members of both houses of the Parliament of England , by blowing up Westminster Palace during the formal opening session of the 1605 Parliament , in which the king would address a joint assembly of both the House of Lords and the House of Commons . Guy_Fawkes was in large part responsible for the later stages of the plan 's execution .
eos Guy_Fawkes was in large part responsible for the later stages of the plan 's execution . Guy_Fawkes activities were detected , however , before the plan 's completion . Following a severe interrogation involving the use of torture , and a trial in Westminster Hall by Judge John Popham ,
eos Guy_Fawkes was in large part responsible for the later stages of the plan 's execution . Guy_Fawkes activities were detected , however , before the plan 's completion . Following a severe interrogation involving the use of torture , and a trial in Westminster Hall by Judge John Popham , Guy_Fawkes and
eos Guy_Fawkes activities were detected , however , before the plan 's completion . Following a severe interrogation involving the use of torture , and a trial in Westminster Hall by Judge John Popham , Guy_Fawkes and Guy_Fawkes conspirators were executed for treason and attempted murder .
eos 
eos "" "" or simply HC Andersen "" IPA : "" ho̞ se ˈanɔsn̩ "" "" , ( april 2 1805 - august 4 1875 ) was a Danish author and poet most famous for
eos 
eos Hans_Kueng ( born march 19 , 1928 in Sursee , Canton of Lucerne ) , is a Catholic priest , an eminent Swiss theologian , and a prolific author . Since 1995
eos Hans_Kueng ( born march 19 , 1928 in Sursee , Canton of Lucerne ) , is a Catholic priest , an eminent Swiss theologian , and a prolific author . Since 1995 Hans_Kueng has been President of the Foundation for a Global Ethic ( Stiftung Weltethos ) .
eos Hans_Kueng ( born march 19 , 1928 in Sursee , Canton of Lucerne ) , is a Catholic priest , an eminent Swiss theologian , and a prolific author . Since 1995 Hans_Kueng has been President of the Foundation for a Global Ethic ( Stiftung Weltethos ) . Hans_Kueng remains a Catholic priest , but the Vatican has rescinded
eos Since 1995 Hans_Kueng has been President of the Foundation for a Global Ethic ( Stiftung Weltethos ) . Hans_Kueng remains a Catholic priest , but the Vatican has rescinded Hans_Kueng authority to teach Catholic theology . Though
eos Since 1995 Hans_Kueng has been President of the Foundation for a Global Ethic ( Stiftung Weltethos ) . Hans_Kueng remains a Catholic priest , but the Vatican has rescinded Hans_Kueng authority to teach Catholic theology . Though Hans_Kueng had to leave the Catholic faculty ,
eos Hans_Kueng remains a Catholic priest , but the Vatican has rescinded Hans_Kueng authority to teach Catholic theology . Though Hans_Kueng had to leave the Catholic faculty , Hans_Kueng remained at the University as a professor of Ecumenical Theology .
eos Though Hans_Kueng had to leave the Catholic faculty , Hans_Kueng remained at the University as a professor of Ecumenical Theology . Hans_Kueng studied theology and philosophy at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome and Hans_Kueng was ordained in 1954 . Hans_Kueng then continued
eos Though Hans_Kueng had to leave the Catholic faculty , Hans_Kueng remained at the University as a professor of Ecumenical Theology . Hans_Kueng studied theology and philosophy at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome and Hans_Kueng was ordained in 1954 .
eos Hans_Kueng studied theology and philosophy at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome and Hans_Kueng was ordained in 1954 . Hans_Kueng then continued Hans_Kueng education in various European cities , including the Sorbonne in Paris .
eos La doctrine de Karl Barth et une réflexion catholique . '' Published in English in 1964 , it located a number of areas of agreement between Barthian and Catholic theologies of justification , concluding that the differences were not fundamental and did not warrant a division in the Church . ( The book included a letter from Karl Barth , attesting that he agreed with
eos et une réflexion catholique . '' Published in English in 1964 , it located a number of areas of agreement between Barthian and Catholic theologies of justification , concluding that the differences were not fundamental and did not warrant a division in the Church . ( The book included a letter from Karl Barth , attesting that he agreed with Hans_Kueng representation of his theology . ) In 1960
eos ( The book included a letter from Karl Barth , attesting that he agreed with Hans_Kueng representation of his theology . ) In 1960 Hans_Kueng was appointed professor of theology at Eberhard Karls University , Tübingen , Germany . Just like
eos ( The book included a letter from Karl Barth , attesting that he agreed with Hans_Kueng representation of his theology . ) In 1960 Hans_Kueng was appointed professor of theology at Eberhard Karls University , Tübingen , Germany . Just like Hans_Kueng colleague Joseph Ratzinger ( now Pope Benedict XVI ) , in 1962
eos In 1960 Hans_Kueng was appointed professor of theology at Eberhard Karls University , Tübingen , Germany . Just like Hans_Kueng colleague Joseph Ratzinger ( now Pope Benedict XVI ) , in 1962 Hans_Kueng was appointed peritus by Pope John XXIII , serving as an expert theological advisor to members of the Second Vatican Council until its conclusion in 1965 . At
eos At Hans_Kueng instigation , the Catholic Faculty at Tübingen appointed Ratzinger as professor of dogmatics . However , due to the 1968 students revolt , Ratzinger moved to the university of Regensburg , ending the cooperation between the two . In the late 1960s
eos At Hans_Kueng instigation , the Catholic Faculty at Tübingen appointed Ratzinger as professor of dogmatics . However , due to the 1968 students revolt , Ratzinger moved to the university of Regensburg , ending the cooperation between the two . In the late 1960s Hans_Kueng became the first major Roman Catholic theologian after the late 19th century Old Catholic Church schism to reject the doctrine of papal infallibility , in particular in
eos In the late 1960s Hans_Kueng became the first major Roman Catholic theologian after the late 19th century Old Catholic Church schism to reject the doctrine of papal infallibility , in particular in Hans_Kueng book Infallible ? An Inquiry ( 1971 ) . Consequently , on december 18 , 1979 ,
eos In the late 1960s Hans_Kueng became the first major Roman Catholic theologian after the late 19th century Old Catholic Church schism to reject the doctrine of papal infallibility , in particular in Hans_Kueng book Infallible ? An Inquiry ( 1971 ) . Consequently , on december 18 , 1979 , Hans_Kueng was stripped of
eos In the late 1960s Hans_Kueng became the first major Roman Catholic theologian after the late 19th century Old Catholic Church schism to reject the doctrine of papal infallibility , in particular in Hans_Kueng book Infallible ? An Inquiry ( 1971 ) . Consequently , on december 18 , 1979 , Hans_Kueng was stripped of Hans_Kueng license to teach as a Roman Catholic theologian but Hans_Kueng carried on teaching as a tenured professor of ecumenical theology at the University of Tübingen until
eos An Inquiry ( 1971 ) . Consequently , on december 18 , 1979 , Hans_Kueng was stripped of Hans_Kueng license to teach as a Roman Catholic theologian but Hans_Kueng carried on teaching as a tenured professor of ecumenical theology at the University of Tübingen until Hans_Kueng retirement ( Emeritierung ) in 1996 . To this day
eos An Inquiry ( 1971 ) . Consequently , on december 18 , 1979 , Hans_Kueng was stripped of Hans_Kueng license to teach as a Roman Catholic theologian but Hans_Kueng carried on teaching as a tenured professor of ecumenical theology at the University of Tübingen until Hans_Kueng retirement ( Emeritierung ) in 1996 . To this day Hans_Kueng remains a persistent critic of papal authority , which
eos Consequently , on december 18 , 1979 , Hans_Kueng was stripped of Hans_Kueng license to teach as a Roman Catholic theologian but Hans_Kueng carried on teaching as a tenured professor of ecumenical theology at the University of Tübingen until Hans_Kueng retirement ( Emeritierung ) in 1996 . To this day Hans_Kueng remains a persistent critic of papal authority , which Hans_Kueng claims is man - made ( and thus reversible ) rather than instituted by God .
eos To this day Hans_Kueng remains a persistent critic of papal authority , which Hans_Kueng claims is man - made ( and thus reversible ) rather than instituted by God . Hans_Kueng was not excommunicated and Hans_Kueng remains a Roman Catholic priest . In the early 1990s
eos Hans_Kueng was not excommunicated and Hans_Kueng remains a Roman Catholic priest . In the early 1990s Hans_Kueng initiated a project called Weltethos ( Global Ethic ) , which is an attempt at describing what the world religions have in common ( rather than what separates them ) and at drawing up a minimal code of rules of behaviour everyone can accept .
eos Hans_Kueng was not excommunicated and Hans_Kueng remains a Roman Catholic priest . In the early 1990s Hans_Kueng initiated a project called Weltethos ( Global Ethic ) , which is an attempt at describing what the world religions have in common ( rather than what separates them ) and at drawing up a minimal code of rules of behaviour everyone can accept . Hans_Kueng vision of a global ethic was embodied in the document for which
eos An Initial Declaration . This Declaration was signed at the 1993 Parliament of the World 's Religions by many religious and spiritual leaders from around the world . Later
eos An Initial Declaration . This Declaration was signed at the 1993 Parliament of the World 's Religions by many religious and spiritual leaders from around the world . Later Hans_Kueng project would culminate into the UN 's ` ` Dialogue among Civilizations '' to which
eos This Declaration was signed at the 1993 Parliament of the World 's Religions by many religious and spiritual leaders from around the world . Later Hans_Kueng project would culminate into the UN 's ` ` Dialogue among Civilizations '' to which Hans_Kueng was assigned as one of 19 ` ` eminent persons . '' Even though completed shortly after the terrorist attacks of 9/11 ( in november 2001 ) , there was no coverage in the US media , something about which
eos Later Hans_Kueng project would culminate into the UN 's ` ` Dialogue among Civilizations '' to which Hans_Kueng was assigned as one of 19 ` ` eminent persons . '' Even though completed shortly after the terrorist attacks of 9/11 ( in november 2001 ) , there was no coverage in the US media , something about which Hans_Kueng complained . Based on ` ` Studium Generale '' lectures at Tübingen University ,
eos Even though completed shortly after the terrorist attacks of 9/11 ( in november 2001 ) , there was no coverage in the US media , something about which Hans_Kueng complained . Based on ` ` Studium Generale '' lectures at Tübingen University , Hans_Kueng latest publication Der Anfang aller Dinge ( ` ` The beginning of all things '' ) discusses the relationship between science and religion . In an analysis spanning from quantum physics to neuroscience ,
eos Based on ` ` Studium Generale '' lectures at Tübingen University , Hans_Kueng latest publication Der Anfang aller Dinge ( ` ` The beginning of all things '' ) discusses the relationship between science and religion . In an analysis spanning from quantum physics to neuroscience , Hans_Kueng comments on the current debate about evolution in the United States , dismissing those opposed to the teaching of evolution as ` ` naive "" and "" un - enlightened . '' On september 26 , 2005
eos 
eos Harold_Bloom , PhD , ( born july 11 , 1930 ) is an American professor and prominent literary and cultural critic .
eos Harold_Bloom , PhD , ( born july 11 , 1930 ) is an American professor and prominent literary and cultural critic . Harold_Bloom defended 19th - century Romantic poets at a time when their reputations stood at a low ebb , Harold_Bloom has constructed controversial theories of poetic influence , and Harold_Bloom advocates an aesthetic approach to literature against Feminist , Marxist , New Historicist , Post - modernist , and other methods of academic literary criticism .
eos 
eos 
eos Henry_Dunant ( May 8 , 1828 in Geneva - october 30 , 1910 in Heiden ) , also known as Henry Dunant or Henri Dunant , was a Swiss businessman and social activist . During a business trip in 1859 ,
eos Henry_Dunant ( May 8 , 1828 in Geneva - october 30 , 1910 in Heiden ) , also known as Henry Dunant or Henri Dunant , was a Swiss businessman and social activist . During a business trip in 1859 , Henry_Dunant was witness to the aftermath of the Battle of Solferino in modern day Italy .
eos Henry_Dunant ( May 8 , 1828 in Geneva - october 30 , 1910 in Heiden ) , also known as Henry Dunant or Henri Dunant , was a Swiss businessman and social activist . During a business trip in 1859 , Henry_Dunant was witness to the aftermath of the Battle of Solferino in modern day Italy . Henry_Dunant recorded
eos During a business trip in 1859 , Henry_Dunant was witness to the aftermath of the Battle of Solferino in modern day Italy . Henry_Dunant recorded Henry_Dunant memories and experiences in the book ` ` A Memory of Solferino '' which became the inspiration for the creation of the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) . The 1864 Geneva Convention was based on
eos During a business trip in 1859 , Henry_Dunant was witness to the aftermath of the Battle of Solferino in modern day Italy . Henry_Dunant recorded Henry_Dunant memories and experiences in the book ` ` A Memory of Solferino '' which became the inspiration for the creation of the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) . The 1864 Geneva Convention was based on Henry_Dunant ideas and in 1901
eos 
eos Henry_II_of_England ( 5 march 1133 - 6 july 1189 ) ruled as Count of Anjou , Duke of Normandy , and as King of England ( 1154 - 1189 ) and , at various times , Henry_II_of_England controlled parts of Wales , Scotland , eastern Ireland , and western France .
eos Henry_II_of_England ( 5 march 1133 - 6 july 1189 ) ruled as Count of Anjou , Duke of Normandy , and as King of England ( 1154 - 1189 ) and , at various times , Henry_II_of_England controlled parts of Wales , Scotland , eastern Ireland , and western France . Henry_II_of_England sobriquets include ` ` Curt Mantle '' ( because of the practical short cloaks
eos Henry_II_of_England ( 5 march 1133 - 6 july 1189 ) ruled as Count of Anjou , Duke of Normandy , and as King of England ( 1154 - 1189 ) and , at various times , Henry_II_of_England controlled parts of Wales , Scotland , eastern Ireland , and western France . Henry_II_of_England sobriquets include ` ` Curt Mantle '' ( because of the practical short cloaks Henry_II_of_England wore ) , ` ` Fitz Empress '' , and sometimes ` ` The Lion of Justice '' , which had also applied to
eos Henry_II_of_England sobriquets include ` ` Curt Mantle '' ( because of the practical short cloaks Henry_II_of_England wore ) , ` ` Fitz Empress '' , and sometimes ` ` The Lion of Justice '' , which had also applied to Henry_II_of_England grandfather Henry I
eos Henry I Henry_II_of_England ranks as the first of the Plantagenet or Angevin Kings . Following the disputed reign of King Stephen ,
eos I Henry_II_of_England ranks as the first of the Plantagenet or Angevin Kings . Following the disputed reign of King Stephen , Henry_II_of_England reign saw efficient consolidation .
eos 
eos Henry_Louis_Gates_Jr ( born september 16,1950 , Piedmont , West Virginia , United States ) is a literary critic , educator , scholar , writer , editor , and public intellectual .
eos Henry_Louis_Gates_Jr ( born september 16,1950 , Piedmont , West Virginia , United States ) is a literary critic , educator , scholar , writer , editor , and public intellectual . Henry_Louis_Gates_Jr currently serves as the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor at Harvard University , where
eos 
eos Henry_VIII_of_England ( 28 june 1491 - 28 january 1547 ) was King of England and Lord of Ireland from 22 april 1509 until
eos Henry_VIII_of_England ( 28 june 1491 - 28 january 1547 ) was King of England and Lord of Ireland from 22 april 1509 until Henry_VIII_of_England death .
eos Henry_VIII_of_England ( 28 june 1491 - 28 january 1547 ) was King of England and Lord of Ireland from 22 april 1509 until Henry_VIII_of_England death . Henry_VIII_of_England was the second monarch of the Tudor dynasty , succeeding
eos Henry_VIII_of_England ( 28 june 1491 - 28 january 1547 ) was King of England and Lord of Ireland from 22 april 1509 until Henry_VIII_of_England death . Henry_VIII_of_England was the second monarch of the Tudor dynasty , succeeding Henry_VIII_of_England father , Henry VII .
eos Henry_VIII_of_England was the second monarch of the Tudor dynasty , succeeding Henry_VIII_of_England father , Henry VII . Henry_VIII_of_England is famous for having been married six times to have a son , ` ` divorcing '' two by execution , and ultimately breaking with Rome .
eos Henry_VIII_of_England is famous for having been married six times to have a son , ` ` divorcing '' two by execution , and ultimately breaking with Rome . Henry_VIII_of_England wielded perhaps the most untrammelled power of any English monarch , and Henry_VIII_of_England brought about the Dissolution of the Monasteries , and the union of England and Wales . Several significant pieces of legislation were enacted during
eos Henry_VIII_of_England wielded perhaps the most untrammelled power of any English monarch , and Henry_VIII_of_England brought about the Dissolution of the Monasteries , and the union of England and Wales . Several significant pieces of legislation were enacted during Henry_VIII_of_England reign . They included the several Acts which severed the English Church from the Roman Catholic Church and established
eos Several significant pieces of legislation were enacted during Henry_VIII_of_England reign . They included the several Acts which severed the English Church from the Roman Catholic Church and established Henry_VIII_of_England as the supreme head of the Church in England ; the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 - 1542 , which brought the law in Wales in line with that in England ; the Buggery Act 1533 , the first anti - sodomy enactment in England ; and the Witchcraft Act 1542 , which punished ` invoking or conjuring an evil spirit ' with death .
eos They included the several Acts which severed the English Church from the Roman Catholic Church and established Henry_VIII_of_England as the supreme head of the Church in England ; the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 - 1542 , which brought the law in Wales in line with that in England ; the Buggery Act 1533 , the first anti - sodomy enactment in England ; and the Witchcraft Act 1542 , which punished ` invoking or conjuring an evil spirit ' with death . Henry_VIII_of_England is known to have been an avid gambler and dice player . In
eos They included the several Acts which severed the English Church from the Roman Catholic Church and established Henry_VIII_of_England as the supreme head of the Church in England ; the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 - 1542 , which brought the law in Wales in line with that in England ; the Buggery Act 1533 , the first anti - sodomy enactment in England ; and the Witchcraft Act 1542 , which punished ` invoking or conjuring an evil spirit ' with death . Henry_VIII_of_England is known to have been an avid gambler and dice player . In Henry_VIII_of_England youth ,
eos Henry_VIII_of_England is known to have been an avid gambler and dice player . In Henry_VIII_of_England youth , Henry_VIII_of_England excelled at sports , especially jousting , hunting , and royal tennis .
eos Henry_VIII_of_England is known to have been an avid gambler and dice player . In Henry_VIII_of_England youth , Henry_VIII_of_England excelled at sports , especially jousting , hunting , and royal tennis . Henry_VIII_of_England was also an accomplished musician , author , and poet ;
eos Henry_VIII_of_England was also an accomplished musician , author , and poet ; Henry_VIII_of_England best known piece of music is Pastyme With Good Company ( The Kynges Ballade ) .
eos 
eos Henry_V_of_England ( 16 september 1387 - 31 august 1422 ) was one of the great warrior kings of the Middle Ages .
eos Henry_V_of_England ( 16 september 1387 - 31 august 1422 ) was one of the great warrior kings of the Middle Ages . Henry_V_of_England was born at Monmouth , Wales , on 9 august 1386 or 16 september 1387 , and
eos Henry_V_of_England ( 16 september 1387 - 31 august 1422 ) was one of the great warrior kings of the Middle Ages . Henry_V_of_England was born at Monmouth , Wales , on 9 august 1386 or 16 september 1387 , and Henry_V_of_England reigned as King of England from 1413 to 1422 .
eos Henry_V_of_England was born at Monmouth , Wales , on 9 august 1386 or 16 september 1387 , and Henry_V_of_England reigned as King of England from 1413 to 1422 . Henry_V_of_England was son of Henry of Bolingbroke , later Henry IV , and Mary de Bohun , who died before Bolingbroke became king . At the time of
eos Henry_V_of_England was born at Monmouth , Wales , on 9 august 1386 or 16 september 1387 , and Henry_V_of_England reigned as King of England from 1413 to 1422 . Henry_V_of_England was son of Henry of Bolingbroke , later Henry IV , and Mary de Bohun , who died before Bolingbroke became king . At the time of Henry_V_of_England birth during the reign of Richard II ,
eos Henry_V_of_England was son of Henry of Bolingbroke , later Henry IV , and Mary de Bohun , who died before Bolingbroke became king . At the time of Henry_V_of_England birth during the reign of Richard II , Henry_V_of_England was fairly far removed from the throne , preceded by the King and another preceding collateral line of heirs . The precise date and even year of
eos At the time of Henry_V_of_England birth during the reign of Richard II , Henry_V_of_England was fairly far removed from the throne , preceded by the King and another preceding collateral line of heirs . The precise date and even year of Henry_V_of_England birth are therefore not definitely recorded . By the time Henry_V_of_England died , Henry_V_of_England had not only consolidated power as the King of England but Henry_V_of_England had also effectively accomplished what generations of
eos At the time of Henry_V_of_England birth during the reign of Richard II , Henry_V_of_England was fairly far removed from the throne , preceded by the King and another preceding collateral line of heirs . The precise date and even year of Henry_V_of_England birth are therefore not definitely recorded . By the time
eos At the time of Henry_V_of_England birth during the reign of Richard II , Henry_V_of_England was fairly far removed from the throne , preceded by the King and another preceding collateral line of heirs . The precise date and even year of Henry_V_of_England birth are therefore not definitely recorded . By the time Henry_V_of_England died ,
eos 
eos Hernan_Cortes , Marqués del Valle de Oaxaca ( 1485-december 2 , 1547 ) was the conquistador
eos Hernan_Cortes , Marqués del Valle de Oaxaca ( 1485-december 2 , 1547 ) was the conquistador Hernan_Cortes became famous for leading the military expedition that initiated the Spanish Conquest of Mexico .
eos Hernan_Cortes , Marqués del Valle de Oaxaca ( 1485-december 2 , 1547 ) was the conquistador Hernan_Cortes became famous for leading the military expedition that initiated the Spanish Conquest of Mexico . Hernan_Cortes was part of the generation of European colonizers that began the first phase of the Spanish colonization of the Americas .
eos Hernan_Cortes , Marqués del Valle de Oaxaca ( 1485-december 2 , 1547 ) was the conquistador Hernan_Cortes became famous for leading the military expedition that initiated the Spanish Conquest of Mexico . Hernan_Cortes was part of the generation of European colonizers that began the first phase of the Spanish colonization of the Americas . Hernan_Cortes was known as Hernando or Fernando Cortés during
eos Hernan_Cortes , Marqués del Valle de Oaxaca ( 1485-december 2 , 1547 ) was the conquistador Hernan_Cortes became famous for leading the military expedition that initiated the Spanish Conquest of Mexico . Hernan_Cortes was part of the generation of European colonizers that began the first phase of the Spanish colonization of the Americas . Hernan_Cortes was known as Hernando or Fernando Cortés during Hernan_Cortes lifetime and Hernan_Cortes signed all
eos Hernan_Cortes was part of the generation of European colonizers that began the first phase of the Spanish colonization of the Americas . Hernan_Cortes was known as Hernando or Fernando Cortés during Hernan_Cortes lifetime and Hernan_Cortes signed all Hernan_Cortes letters Fernán Cortés . Born in Medellin , Extremadura , in Castile , to a family of lesser nobility ,
eos Hernan_Cortes was known as Hernando or Fernando Cortés during Hernan_Cortes lifetime and Hernan_Cortes signed all Hernan_Cortes letters Fernán Cortés . Born in Medellin , Extremadura , in Castile , to a family of lesser nobility , Hernan_Cortes as a young man chose to win a livelihood in the New World . Hernan_Cortes went to Hispaniola and later to Cuba , where
eos Hernan_Cortes was known as Hernando or Fernando Cortés during Hernan_Cortes lifetime and Hernan_Cortes signed all Hernan_Cortes letters Fernán Cortés . Born in Medellin , Extremadura , in Castile , to a family of lesser nobility , Hernan_Cortes as a young man chose to win a livelihood in the New World .
eos Born in Medellin , Extremadura , in Castile , to a family of lesser nobility , Hernan_Cortes as a young man chose to win a livelihood in the New World . Hernan_Cortes went to Hispaniola and later to Cuba , where Hernan_Cortes received an encomienda and for a period Hernan_Cortes became mayor of a small town . In 1519
eos Born in Medellin , Extremadura , in Castile , to a family of lesser nobility , Hernan_Cortes as a young man chose to win a livelihood in the New World . Hernan_Cortes went to Hispaniola and later to Cuba , where Hernan_Cortes received an encomienda and for a period Hernan_Cortes became mayor of a small town . In 1519 Hernan_Cortes was elected captain of the third expedition to the mainland , an expedition which
eos Hernan_Cortes went to Hispaniola and later to Cuba , where Hernan_Cortes received an encomienda and for a period Hernan_Cortes became mayor of a small town . In 1519 Hernan_Cortes was elected captain of the third expedition to the mainland , an expedition which Hernan_Cortes partly funded .
eos Hernan_Cortes went to Hispaniola and later to Cuba , where Hernan_Cortes received an encomienda and for a period Hernan_Cortes became mayor of a small town . In 1519 Hernan_Cortes was elected captain of the third expedition to the mainland , an expedition which Hernan_Cortes partly funded . Hernan_Cortes enmity with the governor of Cuba Diego Velázquez resulted in the latter calling back the expedition in the last moment , an order which was ignored by
eos In 1519 Hernan_Cortes was elected captain of the third expedition to the mainland , an expedition which Hernan_Cortes partly funded . Hernan_Cortes enmity with the governor of Cuba Diego Velázquez resulted in the latter calling back the expedition in the last moment , an order which was ignored by Hernan_Cortes in an act of disobedience . Arriving on the continent
eos Hernan_Cortes enmity with the governor of Cuba Diego Velázquez resulted in the latter calling back the expedition in the last moment , an order which was ignored by Hernan_Cortes in an act of disobedience . Arriving on the continent Hernan_Cortes executed a successful strategy of allying with some indigenous peoples against others .
eos Hernan_Cortes enmity with the governor of Cuba Diego Velázquez resulted in the latter calling back the expedition in the last moment , an order which was ignored by Hernan_Cortes in an act of disobedience . Arriving on the continent Hernan_Cortes executed a successful strategy of allying with some indigenous peoples against others . Hernan_Cortes also successfully used a native woman , Doña Marina , as interpreter and later she became mother of a son to
eos Arriving on the continent Hernan_Cortes executed a successful strategy of allying with some indigenous peoples against others . Hernan_Cortes also successfully used a native woman , Doña Marina , as interpreter and later she became mother of a son to Hernan_Cortes . When the Governor of Cuba sent emissaries to arrest
eos Arriving on the continent Hernan_Cortes executed a successful strategy of allying with some indigenous peoples against others . Hernan_Cortes also successfully used a native woman , Doña Marina , as interpreter and later she became mother of a son to Hernan_Cortes . When the Governor of Cuba sent emissaries to arrest Hernan_Cortes
eos When the Governor of Cuba sent emissaries to arrest Hernan_Cortes Hernan_Cortes fought them and Hernan_Cortes won and Hernan_Cortes used the extra troops as reinforcements . Instead
eos When the Governor of Cuba sent emissaries to arrest Hernan_Cortes Hernan_Cortes fought them and Hernan_Cortes won and Hernan_Cortes used the extra troops as reinforcements . Instead Hernan_Cortes wrote letters directly to the king asking to be acknowledged for
eos Hernan_Cortes used the extra troops as reinforcements . Instead Hernan_Cortes wrote letters directly to the king asking to be acknowledged for Hernan_Cortes successes instead of punished for mutiny . When the Aztec empire was overthrown
eos Instead Hernan_Cortes wrote letters directly to the king asking to be acknowledged for Hernan_Cortes successes instead of punished for mutiny . When the Aztec empire was overthrown Hernan_Cortes was awarded the title of Marques del Valle de Oaxaca , while the more prestigious titles of Viceroy was given to relatives of the king .
eos Instead Hernan_Cortes wrote letters directly to the king asking to be acknowledged for Hernan_Cortes successes instead of punished for mutiny . When the Aztec empire was overthrown Hernan_Cortes was awarded the title of Marques del Valle de Oaxaca , while the more prestigious titles of Viceroy was given to relatives of the king . Hernan_Cortes returned to Spain where
eos When the Aztec empire was overthrown Hernan_Cortes was awarded the title of Marques del Valle de Oaxaca , while the more prestigious titles of Viceroy was given to relatives of the king . Hernan_Cortes returned to Spain where Hernan_Cortes died peacefully but embittered . Due to the controversial undertakings of
eos When the Aztec empire was overthrown Hernan_Cortes was awarded the title of Marques del Valle de Oaxaca , while the more prestigious titles of Viceroy was given to relatives of the king . Hernan_Cortes returned to Spain where Hernan_Cortes died peacefully but embittered . Due to the controversial undertakings of Hernan_Cortes and the scarcity of reliable sources of information about
eos When the Aztec empire was overthrown Hernan_Cortes was awarded the title of Marques del Valle de Oaxaca , while the more prestigious titles of Viceroy was given to relatives of the king . Hernan_Cortes returned to Spain where Hernan_Cortes died peacefully but embittered . Due to the controversial undertakings of Hernan_Cortes and the scarcity of reliable sources of information about Hernan_Cortes it has become difficult to assert anything definitive about
eos Hernan_Cortes returned to Spain where Hernan_Cortes died peacefully but embittered . Due to the controversial undertakings of Hernan_Cortes and the scarcity of reliable sources of information about Hernan_Cortes it has become difficult to assert anything definitive about Hernan_Cortes personality and motivations . Early heroification of the conquistadors did not encourage deep examination of
eos Due to the controversial undertakings of Hernan_Cortes and the scarcity of reliable sources of information about Hernan_Cortes it has become difficult to assert anything definitive about Hernan_Cortes personality and motivations . Early heroification of the conquistadors did not encourage deep examination of Hernan_Cortes . Later reconsideration of the conquistadors ' character in the context of modern anti - colonial sentiment and greatly expanded concern for human rights , as typified by the Black Legend , also did little to expand our understanding of
eos 
eos Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson , 1st Viscount Nelson , KB ( 29 september 1758 - 21 october 1805 ) was an English admiral famous for
eos Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson , 1st Viscount Nelson , KB ( 29 september 1758 - 21 october 1805 ) was an English admiral famous for Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson participation in the Napoleonic Wars , most notably in the Battle of Trafalgar , where
eos Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson , 1st Viscount Nelson , KB ( 29 september 1758 - 21 october 1805 ) was an English admiral famous for Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson participation in the Napoleonic Wars , most notably in the Battle of Trafalgar , where Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson lost
eos Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson , 1st Viscount Nelson , KB ( 29 september 1758 - 21 october 1805 ) was an English admiral famous for Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson participation in the Napoleonic Wars , most notably in the Battle of Trafalgar , where Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson lost Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson life . It was as a result of these wars that
eos Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson , 1st Viscount Nelson , KB ( 29 september 1758 - 21 october 1805 ) was an English admiral famous for Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson participation in the Napoleonic Wars , most notably in the Battle of Trafalgar , where Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson lost Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson life . It was as a result of these wars that Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson became the greatest naval hero in the history of the United Kingdom , eclipsing Admiral Robert Blake in fame .
eos It was as a result of these wars that Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson became the greatest naval hero in the history of the United Kingdom , eclipsing Admiral Robert Blake in fame . Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson biography by the poet Robert Southey appeared in 1813 , while the wars were still being fought .
eos It was as a result of these wars that Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson became the greatest naval hero in the history of the United Kingdom , eclipsing Admiral Robert Blake in fame . Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson biography by the poet Robert Southey appeared in 1813 , while the wars were still being fought . Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson love affair with Emma , Lady Hamilton , the wife of the British Ambassador to Naples , is also well - known , and
eos 
eos Howard_Gardner ( born in 1943 in Scranton , Pennsylvania ) is a psychologist
eos Howard_Gardner ( born in 1943 in Scranton , Pennsylvania ) is a psychologist Howard_Gardner is based at Harvard University .
eos Howard_Gardner ( born in 1943 in Scranton , Pennsylvania ) is a psychologist Howard_Gardner is based at Harvard University . Howard_Gardner is best known for
eos a psychologist Howard_Gardner is based at Harvard University . Howard_Gardner is best known for Howard_Gardner theory of multiple intelligences . In 1981 ,
eos 
eos Hristo_Stoichkov ( "" Bulgarian : Христо Стоичков "" ) ( born february 8 , 1966 , in Plovdiv , Bulgaria ) is a football manager and former striker
eos Hristo_Stoichkov ( "" Bulgarian : Христо Стоичков "" ) ( born february 8 , 1966 , in Plovdiv , Bulgaria ) is a football manager and former striker Hristo_Stoichkov was a member of the Bulgaria national team that finished fourth at the 1994 FIFA World Cup . Apart from
eos Hristo_Stoichkov ( "" Bulgarian : Христо Стоичков "" ) ( born february 8 , 1966 , in Plovdiv , Bulgaria ) is a football manager and former striker Hristo_Stoichkov was a member of the Bulgaria national team that finished fourth at the 1994 FIFA World Cup . Apart from Hristo_Stoichkov footballing talent ,
eos Hristo_Stoichkov ( "" Bulgarian : Христо Стоичков "" ) ( born february 8 , 1966 , in Plovdiv , Bulgaria ) is a football manager and former striker Hristo_Stoichkov was a member of the Bulgaria national team that finished fourth at the 1994 FIFA World Cup . Apart from Hristo_Stoichkov footballing talent , Hristo_Stoichkov was notable for
eos 
eos Hugo_Grotius ( Huig de Groot , or Hugo de Groot ; Delft , 10 april 1583 - Rostock , 28 august 1645 ) worked as a jurist in the Dutch Republic and Hugo_Grotius laid the foundations for international law , based on natural law .
eos 
eos Ingmar_Bergman ( "" IPA : ˈbɛrjman "" in Swedish ) ( born july 14 , 1918 ) is a Swedish stage and film director
eos 
eos Isaac_Brock KB ( 6 october , 1769 - october 13 , 1812 ) was a British Major - General and administrator .
eos Isaac_Brock KB ( 6 october , 1769 - october 13 , 1812 ) was a British Major - General and administrator . Isaac_Brock is best remembered as a brilliant leader and strategist for
eos Isaac_Brock KB ( 6 october , 1769 - october 13 , 1812 ) was a British Major - General and administrator . Isaac_Brock is best remembered as a brilliant leader and strategist for Isaac_Brock actions while stationed in the Canadian colonies .
eos Isaac_Brock KB ( 6 october , 1769 - october 13 , 1812 ) was a British Major - General and administrator . Isaac_Brock is best remembered as a brilliant leader and strategist for Isaac_Brock actions while stationed in the Canadian colonies . Isaac_Brock efforts earned
eos Isaac_Brock is best remembered as a brilliant leader and strategist for Isaac_Brock actions while stationed in the Canadian colonies . Isaac_Brock efforts earned Isaac_Brock a knighthood , accolades , and the moniker The Hero of Upper Canada .
eos Isaac_Brock efforts earned Isaac_Brock a knighthood , accolades , and the moniker The Hero of Upper Canada . Isaac_Brock was assigned to Canada in 1802 , and Isaac_Brock became responsible for defending the territory from the United States during the War of 1812 . While many in Canada and in Britain believed war could be averted ,
eos While many in Canada and in Britain believed war could be averted , Isaac_Brock began readying the army and militia for what was to come . When war broke out , the populace was prepared - and quick victories at Fort Mackinac and Detroit crippled American invasion efforts . During Isaac_Brock tenure
eos While many in Canada and in Britain believed war could be averted , Isaac_Brock began readying the army and militia for what was to come . When war broke out , the populace was prepared - and quick victories at Fort Mackinac and Detroit crippled American invasion efforts . During
eos When war broke out , the populace was prepared - and quick victories at Fort Mackinac and Detroit crippled American invasion efforts . During Isaac_Brock tenure Isaac_Brock faced desertions and near mutinies , Isaac_Brock was injured in battle and Isaac_Brock nearly died from fever .
eos When war broke out , the populace was prepared - and quick victories at Fort Mackinac and Detroit crippled American invasion efforts . During Isaac_Brock tenure Isaac_Brock faced desertions and near mutinies , Isaac_Brock was injured in battle and Isaac_Brock nearly died from fever . Isaac_Brock heroics earned
eos When war broke out , the populace was prepared - and quick victories at Fort Mackinac and Detroit crippled American invasion efforts . During Isaac_Brock tenure Isaac_Brock faced desertions and near mutinies , Isaac_Brock was injured in battle and Isaac_Brock nearly died from fever . Isaac_Brock heroics earned Isaac_Brock membership in the Order of the Bath , and
eos During Isaac_Brock tenure Isaac_Brock faced desertions and near mutinies , Isaac_Brock was injured in battle and Isaac_Brock nearly died from fever . Isaac_Brock heroics earned Isaac_Brock membership in the Order of the Bath , and Isaac_Brock had the privilege of serving alongside Lord Nelson and Tecumseh .
eos 
eos Isabella_of_Castile ( april 22 1451 - november 26 1504 ) was Queen regnant of Castile and Leon .
eos Isabella_of_Castile ( april 22 1451 - november 26 1504 ) was Queen regnant of Castile and Leon . Isabella_of_Castile and
eos 
eos Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel , FRS ( 9 april 1806 - 15 september 1859 ) ( IPA : "" IPA : "" ˈɪzəmbɑ ( ɹ ) d ˈkɪŋdəm brʊˈnɛl "" "" ) , was an English engineer .
eos ( IPA : "" IPA : "" ˈɪzəmbɑ ( ɹ ) d ˈkɪŋdəm brʊˈnɛl "" "" ) , was an English engineer . Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel is best known for the creation of the Great Western Railway , a series of famous steamships , and numerous important bridges . Though
eos Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel is best known for the creation of the Great Western Railway , a series of famous steamships , and numerous important bridges . Though Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel projects were not always successful , they often contained innovative solutions to long - standing engineering problems . During
eos Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel is best known for the creation of the Great Western Railway , a series of famous steamships , and numerous important bridges . Though Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel projects were not always successful , they often contained innovative solutions to long - standing engineering problems . During Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel short career ,
eos Though Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel projects were not always successful , they often contained innovative solutions to long - standing engineering problems . During Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel short career , Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel achieved many engineering ` ` firsts '' , including assisting in the building of the first tunnel under a navigable river and development of the first propeller - driven ocean - going iron ship , which was at the time also the largest ship ever built .
eos During Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel short career , Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel achieved many engineering ` ` firsts '' , including assisting in the building of the first tunnel under a navigable river and development of the first propeller - driven ocean - going iron ship , which was at the time also the largest ship ever built . Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel suffered several years of ill health , with kidney problems , before succumbing to a stroke at the age of 53 .
eos Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel suffered several years of ill health , with kidney problems , before succumbing to a stroke at the age of 53 . Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel was said to smoke up to 40 cigars a day , and get by on only four hours of sleep a night . In 2006 , a major programme of events celebrated
eos Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel suffered several years of ill health , with kidney problems , before succumbing to a stroke at the age of 53 . Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel was said to smoke up to 40 cigars a day , and get by on only four hours of sleep a night . In 2006 , a major programme of events celebrated Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel life and work on the bicentenary of
eos 
eos J.-K._Rowling , OBE ( born july 31 , 1965 ) is an English fiction writer
eos J.-K._Rowling , OBE ( born july 31 , 1965 ) is an English fiction writer J.-K._Rowling writes under the pen name J K. Rowling .
eos J.-K._Rowling , OBE ( born july 31 , 1965 ) is an English fiction writer J.-K._Rowling writes under the pen name J K. Rowling . J.-K._Rowling is most famously known as the author of the Harry Potter fantasy series , which has gained international attention , won multiple awards , and sold over 300 million copies worldwide . In february 2004 , Forbes magazine estimated
eos J.-K._Rowling , OBE ( born july 31 , 1965 ) is an English fiction writer J.-K._Rowling writes under the pen name J K. Rowling . J.-K._Rowling is most famously known as the author of the Harry Potter fantasy series , which has gained international attention , won multiple awards , and sold over 300 million copies worldwide . In february 2004 , Forbes magazine estimated J.-K._Rowling fortune at £ 576 million ( just over US$ 1 billion ) , making
eos 
eos J._R._R._Tolkien CBE ( 3 january 1892 - 2 september 1973 ) was a British writer and university professor
eos J._R._R._Tolkien CBE ( 3 january 1892 - 2 september 1973 ) was a British writer and university professor J._R._R._Tolkien is best known as the author of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings .
eos J._R._R._Tolkien CBE ( 3 january 1892 - 2 september 1973 ) was a British writer and university professor J._R._R._Tolkien is best known as the author of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings . J._R._R._Tolkien was an Oxford professor of Anglo - Saxon language ( 1925 to 1945 ) and English language and literature ( 1945 to 1959 ) .
eos J._R._R._Tolkien was an Oxford professor of Anglo - Saxon language ( 1925 to 1945 ) and English language and literature ( 1945 to 1959 ) . J._R._R._Tolkien was a strongly committed Roman Catholic .
eos J._R._R._Tolkien was a strongly committed Roman Catholic . J._R._R._Tolkien was a close friend of C S. Lewis ; they were both members of the informal literary discussion group known as the Inklings . In addition to The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings ,
eos J._R._R._Tolkien was a strongly committed Roman Catholic . J._R._R._Tolkien was a close friend of C S. Lewis ; they were both members of the informal literary discussion group known as the Inklings . In addition to The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings , J._R._R._Tolkien published fiction includes The Silmarillion and other posthumously published books about what
eos J._R._R._Tolkien was a close friend of C S. Lewis ; they were both members of the informal literary discussion group known as the Inklings . In addition to The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings , J._R._R._Tolkien published fiction includes The Silmarillion and other posthumously published books about what J._R._R._Tolkien called a legendarium , a connected body of tales , fictional histories , invented languages , and other literary essays about an imagined world called Arda , and Middle - earth ( derived from middangeard , the lands inhabitable by Men ) in particular , loosely identified as an ` ` alternative '' remote past of our own world . Most of these works were compiled from
eos J._R._R._Tolkien was a close friend of C S. Lewis ; they were both members of the informal literary discussion group known as the Inklings . In addition to The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings , J._R._R._Tolkien published fiction includes The Silmarillion and other posthumously published books about what J._R._R._Tolkien called a legendarium , a connected body of tales , fictional histories , invented languages , and other literary essays about an imagined world called Arda , and Middle - earth ( derived from middangeard , the lands inhabitable by Men ) in particular , loosely identified as an ` ` alternative '' remote past of our own world . Most of these works were compiled from J._R._R._Tolkien notes by
eos In addition to The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings , J._R._R._Tolkien published fiction includes The Silmarillion and other posthumously published books about what J._R._R._Tolkien called a legendarium , a connected body of tales , fictional histories , invented languages , and other literary essays about an imagined world called Arda , and Middle - earth ( derived from middangeard , the lands inhabitable by Men ) in particular , loosely identified as an ` ` alternative '' remote past of our own world . Most of these works were compiled from J._R._R._Tolkien notes by J._R._R._Tolkien son Christopher Tolkien . The enduring popularity and influence of
eos In addition to The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings , J._R._R._Tolkien published fiction includes The Silmarillion and other posthumously published books about what J._R._R._Tolkien called a legendarium , a connected body of tales , fictional histories , invented languages , and other literary essays about an imagined world called Arda , and Middle - earth ( derived from middangeard , the lands inhabitable by Men ) in particular , loosely identified as an ` ` alternative '' remote past of our own world . Most of these works were compiled from J._R._R._Tolkien notes by J._R._R._Tolkien son Christopher Tolkien . The enduring popularity and influence of J._R._R._Tolkien works have led to
eos In addition to The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings , J._R._R._Tolkien published fiction includes The Silmarillion and other posthumously published books about what J._R._R._Tolkien called a legendarium , a connected body of tales , fictional histories , invented languages , and other literary essays about an imagined world called Arda , and Middle - earth ( derived from middangeard , the lands inhabitable by Men ) in particular , loosely identified as an ` ` alternative '' remote past of our own world . Most of these works were compiled from J._R._R._Tolkien notes by J._R._R._Tolkien son Christopher Tolkien . The enduring popularity and influence of J._R._R._Tolkien works have led to J._R._R._Tolkien being popularly identified as the ` ` father of modern fantasy literature '' ; though this title is strictly inaccurate since there were predecessors such as William Morris , Robert E Howard and E R. Eddison ,
eos Most of these works were compiled from J._R._R._Tolkien notes by J._R._R._Tolkien son Christopher Tolkien . The enduring popularity and influence of J._R._R._Tolkien works have led to J._R._R._Tolkien being popularly identified as the ` ` father of modern fantasy literature '' ; though this title is strictly inaccurate since there were predecessors such as William Morris , Robert E Howard and E R. Eddison , J._R._R._Tolkien did have an indisputable and lasting effect on the field and related media . Many fantasy settings like Dungeons and Dragons and Warcraft owe something , directly or indirectly , to
eos The enduring popularity and influence of J._R._R._Tolkien works have led to J._R._R._Tolkien being popularly identified as the ` ` father of modern fantasy literature '' ; though this title is strictly inaccurate since there were predecessors such as William Morris , Robert E Howard and E R. Eddison , J._R._R._Tolkien did have an indisputable and lasting effect on the field and related media . Many fantasy settings like Dungeons and Dragons and Warcraft owe something , directly or indirectly , to J._R._R._Tolkien .
eos The enduring popularity and influence of J._R._R._Tolkien works have led to J._R._R._Tolkien being popularly identified as the ` ` father of modern fantasy literature '' ; though this title is strictly inaccurate since there were predecessors such as William Morris , Robert E Howard and E R. Eddison , J._R._R._Tolkien did have an indisputable and lasting effect on the field and related media . Many fantasy settings like Dungeons and Dragons and Warcraft owe something , directly or indirectly , to J._R._R._Tolkien . J._R._R._Tolkien other published fiction includes stories not directly related to the legendarium , some of them originally told to
eos 
eos J._S._Woodsworth ( july 29 , 1874 - march 21 , 1942 ) was a pioneer in the Canadian social democratic movement . Following more than two decades ministering to the poor and the working class ,
eos 
eos Jagdish_Bhagwati ( born 1934 ) is a prominent economist noted for
eos Jagdish_Bhagwati ( born 1934 ) is a prominent economist noted for Jagdish_Bhagwati defense of free trade against the critics of globalization .
eos 
eos James_Clerk_Maxwell ( 13 june 1831 - 5 november 1879 ) was a Scottish mathematical physicist , born in Edinburgh .
eos James_Clerk_Maxwell ( 13 june 1831 - 5 november 1879 ) was a Scottish mathematical physicist , born in Edinburgh . James_Clerk_Maxwell formulated a set of equations expressing the basic laws of electricity and magnetism and James_Clerk_Maxwell developed the Maxwell distribution in the kinetic theory of gases .
eos James_Clerk_Maxwell formulated a set of equations expressing the basic laws of electricity and magnetism and James_Clerk_Maxwell developed the Maxwell distribution in the kinetic theory of gases . James_Clerk_Maxwell was the last representative of a younger branch of the well - known Scottish family of Clerk of Penicuik .
eos James_Clerk_Maxwell was the last representative of a younger branch of the well - known Scottish family of Clerk of Penicuik . James_Clerk_Maxwell is also credited with developing the first permanent colour photograph in 1861 .
eos James_Clerk_Maxwell was the last representative of a younger branch of the well - known Scottish family of Clerk of Penicuik . James_Clerk_Maxwell is also credited with developing the first permanent colour photograph in 1861 . James_Clerk_Maxwell had one of the finest mathematical minds of any theoretical physicist of
eos James_Clerk_Maxwell is also credited with developing the first permanent colour photograph in 1861 . James_Clerk_Maxwell had one of the finest mathematical minds of any theoretical physicist of James_Clerk_Maxwell time .
eos James_Clerk_Maxwell had one of the finest mathematical minds of any theoretical physicist of James_Clerk_Maxwell time . James_Clerk_Maxwell is widely regarded as the nineteenth century scientist who had the greatest influence on twentieth century physics , making contributions to the fundamental models of nature . In 1931 , on the centennial anniversary of James_Clerk_Maxwell birthday , Einstein described
eos James_Clerk_Maxwell had one of the finest mathematical minds of any theoretical physicist of James_Clerk_Maxwell time . James_Clerk_Maxwell is widely regarded as the nineteenth century scientist who had the greatest influence on twentieth century physics , making contributions to the fundamental models of nature . In 1931 , on the centennial anniversary of
eos James_Clerk_Maxwell is widely regarded as the nineteenth century scientist who had the greatest influence on twentieth century physics , making contributions to the fundamental models of nature . In 1931 , on the centennial anniversary of James_Clerk_Maxwell birthday , Einstein described James_Clerk_Maxwell work as the ` ` most profound and the most fruitful that physics has experienced since the time of Newton . '' Algebraic mathematics with elements of geometry are a feature of much of
eos In 1931 , on the centennial anniversary of James_Clerk_Maxwell birthday , Einstein described James_Clerk_Maxwell work as the ` ` most profound and the most fruitful that physics has experienced since the time of Newton . '' Algebraic mathematics with elements of geometry are a feature of much of James_Clerk_Maxwell work .
eos Algebraic mathematics with elements of geometry are a feature of much of James_Clerk_Maxwell work . James_Clerk_Maxwell demonstrated that electric and magnetic forces are two complementary aspects of electromagnetism .
eos James_Clerk_Maxwell demonstrated that electric and magnetic forces are two complementary aspects of electromagnetism . James_Clerk_Maxwell showed that electric and magnetic fields travel through space , in the form of waves , at a constant velocity of 3.0 × 10 ^ 8 m / s .
eos 
eos James_Cook FRS RN ( october 27 , 1728 ( OS ) - february 14 , 1779 ) was an English explorer , navigator and cartographer . Ultimately rising to the rank of Captain in the Royal Navy ,
eos James_Cook FRS RN ( october 27 , 1728 ( OS ) - february 14 , 1779 ) was an English explorer , navigator and cartographer . Ultimately rising to the rank of Captain in the Royal Navy , James_Cook made three voyages to the Pacific Ocean , achieving the first European contact with the eastern coastline of Australia , the European discovery of the Hawaiian Islands , and the first recorded circumnavigation and mapping of Newfoundland and New Zealand . After service in the British merchant navy as a teenager ,
eos Ultimately rising to the rank of Captain in the Royal Navy , James_Cook made three voyages to the Pacific Ocean , achieving the first European contact with the eastern coastline of Australia , the European discovery of the Hawaiian Islands , and the first recorded circumnavigation and mapping of Newfoundland and New Zealand . After service in the British merchant navy as a teenager , James_Cook joined the Royal Navy in 1755 , seeing action in the Seven Years ' War , and subsequently surveying and mapping much of the entrance to the Saint Lawrence River during the siege of Quebec . This allowed General Wolfe to make his famous stealth attack on the Plains of Abraham , and helped to bring
eos Ultimately rising to the rank of Captain in the Royal Navy , James_Cook made three voyages to the Pacific Ocean , achieving the first European contact with the eastern coastline of Australia , the European discovery of the Hawaiian Islands , and the first recorded circumnavigation and mapping of Newfoundland and New Zealand . After service in the British merchant navy as a teenager , James_Cook joined the Royal Navy in 1755 , seeing action in the Seven Years ' War , and subsequently surveying and mapping much of the entrance to the Saint Lawrence River during the siege of Quebec . This allowed General Wolfe to make his famous stealth attack on the Plains of Abraham , and helped to bring James_Cook to the attention of the Admiralty and Royal Society at a crucial moment both in
eos Ultimately rising to the rank of Captain in the Royal Navy , James_Cook made three voyages to the Pacific Ocean , achieving the first European contact with the eastern coastline of Australia , the European discovery of the Hawaiian Islands , and the first recorded circumnavigation and mapping of Newfoundland and New Zealand . After service in the British merchant navy as a teenager , James_Cook joined the Royal Navy in 1755 , seeing action in the Seven Years ' War , and subsequently surveying and mapping much of the entrance to the Saint Lawrence River during the siege of Quebec . This allowed General Wolfe to make his famous stealth attack on the Plains of Abraham , and helped to bring James_Cook to the attention of the Admiralty and Royal Society at a crucial moment both in James_Cook personal career and in the direction of British overseas discovery , and led to
eos Ultimately rising to the rank of Captain in the Royal Navy , James_Cook made three voyages to the Pacific Ocean , achieving the first European contact with the eastern coastline of Australia , the European discovery of the Hawaiian Islands , and the first recorded circumnavigation and mapping of Newfoundland and New Zealand . After service in the British merchant navy as a teenager , James_Cook joined the Royal Navy in 1755 , seeing action in the Seven Years ' War , and subsequently surveying and mapping much of the entrance to the Saint Lawrence River during the siege of Quebec . This allowed General Wolfe to make his famous stealth attack on the Plains of Abraham , and helped to bring James_Cook to the attention of the Admiralty and Royal Society at a crucial moment both in James_Cook personal career and in the direction of British overseas discovery , and led to James_Cook commission as commander of the HM Bark Endeavour and the first of
eos After service in the British merchant navy as a teenager , James_Cook joined the Royal Navy in 1755 , seeing action in the Seven Years ' War , and subsequently surveying and mapping much of the entrance to the Saint Lawrence River during the siege of Quebec . This allowed General Wolfe to make his famous stealth attack on the Plains of Abraham , and helped to bring James_Cook to the attention of the Admiralty and Royal Society at a crucial moment both in James_Cook personal career and in the direction of British overseas discovery , and led to James_Cook commission as commander of the HM Bark Endeavour and the first of James_Cook three Pacific voyages in 1766 .
eos This allowed General Wolfe to make his famous stealth attack on the Plains of Abraham , and helped to bring James_Cook to the attention of the Admiralty and Royal Society at a crucial moment both in James_Cook personal career and in the direction of British overseas discovery , and led to James_Cook commission as commander of the HM Bark Endeavour and the first of James_Cook three Pacific voyages in 1766 . James_Cook accurately charted many areas and James_Cook recorded several islands and coastlines on European maps for the first time .
eos This allowed General Wolfe to make his famous stealth attack on the Plains of Abraham , and helped to bring James_Cook to the attention of the Admiralty and Royal Society at a crucial moment both in James_Cook personal career and in the direction of British overseas discovery , and led to James_Cook commission as commander of the HM Bark Endeavour and the first of James_Cook three Pacific voyages in 1766 . James_Cook accurately charted many areas and James_Cook recorded several islands and coastlines on European maps for the first time . James_Cook huge achievements can be attributed to a combination of excellent seamanship ,
eos This allowed General Wolfe to make his famous stealth attack on the Plains of Abraham , and helped to bring James_Cook to the attention of the Admiralty and Royal Society at a crucial moment both in James_Cook personal career and in the direction of British overseas discovery , and led to James_Cook commission as commander of the HM Bark Endeavour and the first of James_Cook three Pacific voyages in 1766 . James_Cook accurately charted many areas and James_Cook recorded several islands and coastlines on European maps for the first time . James_Cook huge achievements can be attributed to a combination of excellent seamanship , James_Cook superior surveying and cartographic skills , courage in exploring dangerous locations to confirm the facts ( eg dipping into the Antarctic circle repeatedly and exploring around the Great Barrier Reef ) , ability to lead men in adverse conditions , and boldness both with regard to the extent of
eos This allowed General Wolfe to make his famous stealth attack on the Plains of Abraham , and helped to bring James_Cook to the attention of the Admiralty and Royal Society at a crucial moment both in James_Cook personal career and in the direction of British overseas discovery , and led to James_Cook commission as commander of the HM Bark Endeavour and the first of James_Cook three Pacific voyages in 1766 . James_Cook accurately charted many areas and James_Cook recorded several islands and coastlines on European maps for the first time . James_Cook huge achievements can be attributed to a combination of excellent seamanship , James_Cook superior surveying and cartographic skills , courage in exploring dangerous locations to confirm the facts ( eg dipping into the Antarctic circle repeatedly and exploring around the Great Barrier Reef ) , ability to lead men in adverse conditions , and boldness both with regard to the extent of James_Cook explorations and
eos This allowed General Wolfe to make his famous stealth attack on the Plains of Abraham , and helped to bring James_Cook to the attention of the Admiralty and Royal Society at a crucial moment both in James_Cook personal career and in the direction of British overseas discovery , and led to James_Cook commission as commander of the HM Bark Endeavour and the first of James_Cook three Pacific voyages in 1766 . James_Cook accurately charted many areas and James_Cook recorded several islands and coastlines on European maps for the first time . James_Cook huge achievements can be attributed to a combination of excellent seamanship , James_Cook superior surveying and cartographic skills , courage in exploring dangerous locations to confirm the facts ( eg dipping into the Antarctic circle repeatedly and exploring around the Great Barrier Reef ) , ability to lead men in adverse conditions , and boldness both with regard to the extent of James_Cook explorations and James_Cook willingness to exceed the instructions given to
eos James_Cook accurately charted many areas and James_Cook recorded several islands and coastlines on European maps for the first time . James_Cook huge achievements can be attributed to a combination of excellent seamanship , James_Cook superior surveying and cartographic skills , courage in exploring dangerous locations to confirm the facts ( eg dipping into the Antarctic circle repeatedly and exploring around the Great Barrier Reef ) , ability to lead men in adverse conditions , and boldness both with regard to the extent of James_Cook explorations and James_Cook willingness to exceed the instructions given to James_Cook by the Admiralty .
eos James_Cook accurately charted many areas and James_Cook recorded several islands and coastlines on European maps for the first time . James_Cook huge achievements can be attributed to a combination of excellent seamanship , James_Cook superior surveying and cartographic skills , courage in exploring dangerous locations to confirm the facts ( eg dipping into the Antarctic circle repeatedly and exploring around the Great Barrier Reef ) , ability to lead men in adverse conditions , and boldness both with regard to the extent of James_Cook explorations and James_Cook willingness to exceed the instructions given to James_Cook by the Admiralty . James_Cook died in Hawaii in a fracas with Hawaiians during
eos 
eos James_Joyce ( Irish Seamus Seoighe ; 2 february 1882 - 13 january 1941 ) was an Irish writer and poet , widely considered to be one of the most influential writers of the 20th century .
eos James_Joyce ( Irish Seamus Seoighe ; 2 february 1882 - 13 january 1941 ) was an Irish writer and poet , widely considered to be one of the most influential writers of the 20th century . James_Joyce is best known for
eos James_Joyce ( Irish Seamus Seoighe ; 2 february 1882 - 13 january 1941 ) was an Irish writer and poet , widely considered to be one of the most influential writers of the 20th century . James_Joyce is best known for James_Joyce landmark novel Ulysses ( 1922 ) .
eos James_Joyce is best known for James_Joyce landmark novel Ulysses ( 1922 ) . James_Joyce other major works are the short story collection Dubliners ( 1914 ) , the novels A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man ( 1916 ) and Finnegans Wake ( 1939 ) . Although most of
eos James_Joyce is best known for James_Joyce landmark novel Ulysses ( 1922 ) . James_Joyce other major works are the short story collection Dubliners ( 1914 ) , the novels A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man ( 1916 ) and Finnegans Wake ( 1939 ) . Although most of James_Joyce adult life was spent outside the country ,
eos James_Joyce is best known for James_Joyce landmark novel Ulysses ( 1922 ) . James_Joyce other major works are the short story collection Dubliners ( 1914 ) , the novels A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man ( 1916 ) and Finnegans Wake ( 1939 ) . Although most of James_Joyce adult life was spent outside the country , James_Joyce Irish experiences are essential to
eos James_Joyce is best known for James_Joyce landmark novel Ulysses ( 1922 ) . James_Joyce other major works are the short story collection Dubliners ( 1914 ) , the novels A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man ( 1916 ) and Finnegans Wake ( 1939 ) . Although most of James_Joyce adult life was spent outside the country , James_Joyce Irish experiences are essential to James_Joyce writings and provide all of the settings for
eos James_Joyce other major works are the short story collection Dubliners ( 1914 ) , the novels A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man ( 1916 ) and Finnegans Wake ( 1939 ) . Although most of James_Joyce adult life was spent outside the country , James_Joyce Irish experiences are essential to James_Joyce writings and provide all of the settings for James_Joyce fiction and much of their subject matter . James_Joyce fictional universe is firmly rooted in Dublin and reflects
eos James_Joyce other major works are the short story collection Dubliners ( 1914 ) , the novels A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man ( 1916 ) and Finnegans Wake ( 1939 ) . Although most of James_Joyce adult life was spent outside the country , James_Joyce Irish experiences are essential to James_Joyce writings and provide all of the settings for James_Joyce fiction and much of their subject matter . James_Joyce fictional universe is firmly rooted in Dublin and reflects James_Joyce family life and the events and friends ( and enemies ) from
eos James_Joyce other major works are the short story collection Dubliners ( 1914 ) , the novels A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man ( 1916 ) and Finnegans Wake ( 1939 ) . Although most of James_Joyce adult life was spent outside the country , James_Joyce Irish experiences are essential to James_Joyce writings and provide all of the settings for James_Joyce fiction and much of their subject matter .
eos Although most of James_Joyce adult life was spent outside the country , James_Joyce Irish experiences are essential to James_Joyce writings and provide all of the settings for James_Joyce fiction and much of their subject matter . James_Joyce fictional universe is firmly rooted in Dublin and reflects James_Joyce family life and the events and friends ( and enemies ) from James_Joyce school and college days . Due to this ,
eos 
eos James_Lovelock CH CBE FRS , ( born july 26 , 1919 ) is an independent scientist , author , researcher , environmentalist and futurologist
eos James_Lovelock CH CBE FRS , ( born july 26 , 1919 ) is an independent scientist , author , researcher , environmentalist and futurologist James_Lovelock lives in Cornwall , in the south west of Great Britain .
eos James_Lovelock CH CBE FRS , ( born july 26 , 1919 ) is an independent scientist , author , researcher , environmentalist and futurologist James_Lovelock lives in Cornwall , in the south west of Great Britain . James_Lovelock is most famous for proposing and popularizing the Gaia hypothesis , in which
eos 
eos James_Naismith , MA , MD , DD , ( november 6 , 1861 - november 28 , 1939 ) was the inventor of the sport of basketball and the first to introduce the use of a helmet in American football .
eos James_Naismith , MA , MD , DD , ( november 6 , 1861 - november 28 , 1939 ) was the inventor of the sport of basketball and the first to introduce the use of a helmet in American football . James_Naismith was also the first basketball coach to assemble a team of 5 players .
eos 
eos James_Parkinson ( april 11 , 1755 - december 21 , 1824 ) was an English physician , geologist , paleontologist , and political activist .
eos James_Parkinson ( april 11 , 1755 - december 21 , 1824 ) was an English physician , geologist , paleontologist , and political activist . James_Parkinson is most famous for
eos James_Parkinson ( april 11 , 1755 - december 21 , 1824 ) was an English physician , geologist , paleontologist , and political activist . James_Parkinson is most famous for James_Parkinson 1817 work , Palsy , in which
eos James_Parkinson ( april 11 , 1755 - december 21 , 1824 ) was an English physician , geologist , paleontologist , and political activist . James_Parkinson is most famous for James_Parkinson 1817 work , Palsy , in which James_Parkinson was the first to describe paralysis agitans , a condition that would later acquire
eos James_Parkinson ( april 11 , 1755 - december 21 , 1824 ) was an English physician , geologist , paleontologist , and political activist . James_Parkinson is most famous for James_Parkinson 1817 work , Palsy , in which James_Parkinson was the first to describe paralysis agitans , a condition that would later acquire James_Parkinson namesake known as Parkinson 's Disease .
eos James_Parkinson is most famous for James_Parkinson 1817 work , Palsy , in which James_Parkinson was the first to describe paralysis agitans , a condition that would later acquire James_Parkinson namesake known as Parkinson 's Disease . James_Parkinson was born in Shoreditch , London , England .
eos James_Parkinson was born in Shoreditch , London , England . James_Parkinson was the son of John Parkinson , an apothecary and surgeon practicing in Hoxton Square in London . In 1784
eos James_Parkinson was the son of John Parkinson , an apothecary and surgeon practicing in Hoxton Square in London . In 1784 James_Parkinson was approved by the Corporation of London as a surgeon . On May 21 , 1783 , James_Parkinson married Mary Dale , with whom
eos James_Parkinson was the son of John Parkinson , an apothecary and surgeon practicing in Hoxton Square in London . In 1784 James_Parkinson was approved by the Corporation of London as a surgeon . On May 21 , 1783 ,
eos In 1784 James_Parkinson was approved by the Corporation of London as a surgeon . On May 21 , 1783 , James_Parkinson married Mary Dale , with whom James_Parkinson subsequently had six children . Soon after
eos In 1784 James_Parkinson was approved by the Corporation of London as a surgeon . On May 21 , 1783 , James_Parkinson married Mary Dale , with whom James_Parkinson subsequently had six children . Soon after James_Parkinson got married ,
eos In 1784 James_Parkinson was approved by the Corporation of London as a surgeon . On May 21 , 1783 , James_Parkinson married Mary Dale , with whom James_Parkinson subsequently had six children . Soon after James_Parkinson got married , James_Parkinson succeeded
eos On May 21 , 1783 , James_Parkinson married Mary Dale , with whom James_Parkinson subsequently had six children . Soon after James_Parkinson got married , James_Parkinson succeeded James_Parkinson father in his practice in Hoxton Square .
eos On May 21 , 1783 , James_Parkinson married Mary Dale , with whom James_Parkinson subsequently had six children . Soon after James_Parkinson got married , James_Parkinson succeeded James_Parkinson father in his practice in Hoxton Square . James_Parkinson believed that any worthwhile physician should know shorthand , at which
eos Soon after James_Parkinson got married , James_Parkinson succeeded James_Parkinson father in his practice in Hoxton Square . James_Parkinson believed that any worthwhile physician should know shorthand , at which James_Parkinson was adept . In addition to
eos Soon after James_Parkinson got married , James_Parkinson succeeded James_Parkinson father in his practice in Hoxton Square . James_Parkinson believed that any worthwhile physician should know shorthand , at which James_Parkinson was adept . In addition to James_Parkinson flourishing medical practice ,
eos James_Parkinson believed that any worthwhile physician should know shorthand , at which James_Parkinson was adept . In addition to James_Parkinson flourishing medical practice , James_Parkinson had an avid interest in geology and paleontology , as well as the politics of the day .
eos In addition to James_Parkinson flourishing medical practice , James_Parkinson had an avid interest in geology and paleontology , as well as the politics of the day . James_Parkinson was a strong advocate for the under - privileged , and an outspoken critic of the Pitt - government .
eos In addition to James_Parkinson flourishing medical practice , James_Parkinson had an avid interest in geology and paleontology , as well as the politics of the day . James_Parkinson was a strong advocate for the under - privileged , and an outspoken critic of the Pitt - government . James_Parkinson early career was marred by
eos In addition to James_Parkinson flourishing medical practice , James_Parkinson had an avid interest in geology and paleontology , as well as the politics of the day . James_Parkinson was a strong advocate for the under - privileged , and an outspoken critic of the Pitt - government . James_Parkinson early career was marred by James_Parkinson being involved in a variety of social and revolutionary causes , and some historians think it most likely that
eos James_Parkinson was a strong advocate for the under - privileged , and an outspoken critic of the Pitt - government . James_Parkinson early career was marred by James_Parkinson being involved in a variety of social and revolutionary causes , and some historians think it most likely that James_Parkinson was a strong proponent for the French Revolution .
eos James_Parkinson early career was marred by James_Parkinson being involved in a variety of social and revolutionary causes , and some historians think it most likely that James_Parkinson was a strong proponent for the French Revolution . James_Parkinson published nearly twenty political pamphlets in the post - French Revolution period , whilst Britain was in political chaos . Writing under
eos James_Parkinson early career was marred by James_Parkinson being involved in a variety of social and revolutionary causes , and some historians think it most likely that James_Parkinson was a strong proponent for the French Revolution . James_Parkinson published nearly twenty political pamphlets in the post - French Revolution period , whilst Britain was in political chaos . Writing under James_Parkinson own name and
eos James_Parkinson published nearly twenty political pamphlets in the post - French Revolution period , whilst Britain was in political chaos . Writing under James_Parkinson own name and James_Parkinson pseudonym ` ` Old Hubert '' ,
eos Writing under James_Parkinson own name and James_Parkinson pseudonym ` ` Old Hubert '' , James_Parkinson called for radical social reforms .
eos , James_Parkinson called for radical social reforms . James_Parkinson called for representation of the people in the House of Commons , the institution of annual parliaments , and universal suffrage .
eos James_Parkinson called for representation of the people in the House of Commons , the institution of annual parliaments , and universal suffrage . James_Parkinson was a member of several secret political societies , including the London Corresponding Society for Reform of Parliamentary Representation . In 1794
eos James_Parkinson called for representation of the people in the House of Commons , the institution of annual parliaments , and universal suffrage . James_Parkinson was a member of several secret political societies , including the London Corresponding Society for Reform of Parliamentary Representation . In 1794 James_Parkinson membership in the organization led to
eos James_Parkinson was a member of several secret political societies , including the London Corresponding Society for Reform of Parliamentary Representation . In 1794 James_Parkinson membership in the organization led to James_Parkinson being examined under oath before the Privy Council to give evidence about a plot to assassinate King George III .
eos James_Parkinson was a member of several secret political societies , including the London Corresponding Society for Reform of Parliamentary Representation . In 1794 James_Parkinson membership in the organization led to James_Parkinson being examined under oath before the Privy Council to give evidence about a plot to assassinate King George III . James_Parkinson refused to testify regarding
eos James_Parkinson was a member of several secret political societies , including the London Corresponding Society for Reform of Parliamentary Representation . In 1794 James_Parkinson membership in the organization led to James_Parkinson being examined under oath before the Privy Council to give evidence about a plot to assassinate King George III . James_Parkinson refused to testify regarding James_Parkinson part in ` ` The Pop - Gun Plot '' , until
eos James_Parkinson was a member of several secret political societies , including the London Corresponding Society for Reform of Parliamentary Representation . In 1794 James_Parkinson membership in the organization led to James_Parkinson being examined under oath before the Privy Council to give evidence about a plot to assassinate King George III . James_Parkinson refused to testify regarding James_Parkinson part in ` ` The Pop - Gun Plot '' , until James_Parkinson was certain
eos James_Parkinson was a member of several secret political societies , including the London Corresponding Society for Reform of Parliamentary Representation . In 1794 James_Parkinson membership in the organization led to James_Parkinson being examined under oath before the Privy Council to give evidence about a plot to assassinate King George III . James_Parkinson refused to testify regarding James_Parkinson part in ` ` The Pop - Gun Plot '' , until James_Parkinson was certain James_Parkinson would not be forced to incriminate
eos James_Parkinson refused to testify regarding James_Parkinson part in ` ` The Pop - Gun Plot '' , until James_Parkinson was certain James_Parkinson would not be forced to incriminate James_Parkinson . The plan was to use a poisoned dart fired from a ` ` pop gun '' to bring the king 's reign to a premature conclusion . Fortunately for
eos James_Parkinson refused to testify regarding James_Parkinson part in ` ` The Pop - Gun Plot '' , until James_Parkinson was certain James_Parkinson would not be forced to incriminate James_Parkinson . The plan was to use a poisoned dart fired from a ` ` pop gun '' to bring the king 's reign to a premature conclusion . Fortunately for James_Parkinson , the whole affair was soon forgotten , and no charges were ever brought against
eos The plan was to use a poisoned dart fired from a ` ` pop gun '' to bring the king 's reign to a premature conclusion . Fortunately for James_Parkinson , the whole affair was soon forgotten , and no charges were ever brought against James_Parkinson .
eos The plan was to use a poisoned dart fired from a ` ` pop gun '' to bring the king 's reign to a premature conclusion . Fortunately for James_Parkinson , the whole affair was soon forgotten , and no charges were ever brought against James_Parkinson . James_Parkinson turned away from
eos Fortunately for James_Parkinson , the whole affair was soon forgotten , and no charges were ever brought against James_Parkinson . James_Parkinson turned away from James_Parkinson tumultuous political career , and between 1799 and 1807 James_Parkinson published a number of medical works , including a work on gout in 1805 .
eos James_Parkinson turned away from James_Parkinson tumultuous political career , and between 1799 and 1807 James_Parkinson published a number of medical works , including a work on gout in 1805 . James_Parkinson was also responsible for the earliest writings on the subject of peritonitis in English medical literature .
eos James_Parkinson was also responsible for the earliest writings on the subject of peritonitis in English medical literature . James_Parkinson was also interested in improving the general health and well - being of the population .
eos James_Parkinson was also responsible for the earliest writings on the subject of peritonitis in English medical literature . James_Parkinson was also interested in improving the general health and well - being of the population . James_Parkinson wrote several medical doctrines that exposed a similar zeal for the health and welfare of the people that was expressed by
eos James_Parkinson was also interested in improving the general health and well - being of the population . James_Parkinson wrote several medical doctrines that exposed a similar zeal for the health and welfare of the people that was expressed by James_Parkinson political activism .
eos James_Parkinson wrote several medical doctrines that exposed a similar zeal for the health and welfare of the people that was expressed by James_Parkinson political activism . James_Parkinson was a crusader for legal protection for the mentally ill , as well as their doctors and families . In 1812
eos James_Parkinson wrote several medical doctrines that exposed a similar zeal for the health and welfare of the people that was expressed by James_Parkinson political activism . James_Parkinson was a crusader for legal protection for the mentally ill , as well as their doctors and families . In 1812 James_Parkinson assisted
eos James_Parkinson was a crusader for legal protection for the mentally ill , as well as their doctors and families . In 1812 James_Parkinson assisted James_Parkinson son with the first described case of appendicitis in English , and the first instance in which perforation was shown to be the cause of death .
eos In 1812 James_Parkinson assisted James_Parkinson son with the first described case of appendicitis in English , and the first instance in which perforation was shown to be the cause of death . James_Parkinson interest gradually turned from medicine to nature , specifically the relatively new field of geology , and paleontology .
eos James_Parkinson interest gradually turned from medicine to nature , specifically the relatively new field of geology , and paleontology . James_Parkinson began collecting specimens and drawings of fossils in the latter part of the eighteenth century .
eos James_Parkinson interest gradually turned from medicine to nature , specifically the relatively new field of geology , and paleontology . James_Parkinson began collecting specimens and drawings of fossils in the latter part of the eighteenth century . James_Parkinson took
eos James_Parkinson began collecting specimens and drawings of fossils in the latter part of the eighteenth century . James_Parkinson took James_Parkinson children and friends on excursions to collect or observe fossil plants and animals .
eos James_Parkinson began collecting specimens and drawings of fossils in the latter part of the eighteenth century . James_Parkinson took James_Parkinson children and friends on excursions to collect or observe fossil plants and animals . James_Parkinson attempts to learn more about fossil identification and interpretation were frustrated by a lack of available literature , and so
eos James_Parkinson began collecting specimens and drawings of fossils in the latter part of the eighteenth century . James_Parkinson took James_Parkinson children and friends on excursions to collect or observe fossil plants and animals . James_Parkinson attempts to learn more about fossil identification and interpretation were frustrated by a lack of available literature , and so James_Parkinson took the decision to improve matters by writing
eos James_Parkinson took James_Parkinson children and friends on excursions to collect or observe fossil plants and animals . James_Parkinson attempts to learn more about fossil identification and interpretation were frustrated by a lack of available literature , and so James_Parkinson took the decision to improve matters by writing James_Parkinson own introduction to the study of fossils . In 1804 the first volume of
eos Gideon Mantell praised it as ` ` the first attempt to give a familiar and scientific account "" of fossils "" '' . A second volume was published in 1808 , and a third in 1811 .
eos James_Parkinson illustrated each volume , sometimes in color . The plates were later re - used by Gideon Mantell . In 1822
eos The plates were later re - used by Gideon Mantell . In 1822 James_Parkinson published the shorter ` ` Elements of Oryctology : an Introduction to the Study of Fossil Organic Remains , especially of those found in British Strata '' .
eos In 1822 James_Parkinson published the shorter ` ` Elements of Oryctology : an Introduction to the Study of Fossil Organic Remains , especially of those found in British Strata '' . James_Parkinson belonged to a school of thought , Catastrophism , that concerned itself with the belief that the Earth 's geology and biosphere were shaped by recent large - scale cataclysms .
eos In 1822 James_Parkinson published the shorter ` ` Elements of Oryctology : an Introduction to the Study of Fossil Organic Remains , especially of those found in British Strata '' . James_Parkinson belonged to a school of thought , Catastrophism , that concerned itself with the belief that the Earth 's geology and biosphere were shaped by recent large - scale cataclysms . James_Parkinson cited the Noachian deluge of Genesis as an example , and
eos James_Parkinson belonged to a school of thought , Catastrophism , that concerned itself with the belief that the Earth 's geology and biosphere were shaped by recent large - scale cataclysms . James_Parkinson cited the Noachian deluge of Genesis as an example , and James_Parkinson firmly believed that creation and extinction were processes guided by the hand of God .
eos James_Parkinson cited the Noachian deluge of Genesis as an example , and James_Parkinson firmly believed that creation and extinction were processes guided by the hand of God . James_Parkinson view on Creation was that each ` day ' was actually a much longer period , that lasted perhaps tens of thousands of years in length . On november 13 , 1807 ,
eos The gathering included such great names as Sir Humphry Davy , Arthur Aikin , and George Bellas Greenough . This was to be the first meeting of the Geological Society of London .
eos 
eos Jane_Austen ( 16 december , 1775 - 18 july , 1817 ) was an English novelist .
eos Jane_Austen ( 16 december , 1775 - 18 july , 1817 ) was an English novelist . Jane_Austen insights into women 's lives and
eos Jane_Austen ( 16 december , 1775 - 18 july , 1817 ) was an English novelist . Jane_Austen insights into women 's lives and Jane_Austen mastery of form and irony have made
eos Jane_Austen ( 16 december , 1775 - 18 july , 1817 ) was an English novelist . Jane_Austen insights into women 's lives and Jane_Austen mastery of form and irony have made Jane_Austen one of the most noted and influential novelists of
eos Jane_Austen ( 16 december , 1775 - 18 july , 1817 ) was an English novelist . Jane_Austen insights into women 's lives and Jane_Austen mastery of form and irony have made Jane_Austen one of the most noted and influential novelists of Jane_Austen era despite being only moderately successful during
eos 
eos Jean-Jacques_Rousseau ( june 28 , 1712 - july 2 , 1778 ) was a Genevan philosopher of the Enlightenment
eos Jean-Jacques_Rousseau ( june 28 , 1712 - july 2 , 1778 ) was a Genevan philosopher of the Enlightenment Jean-Jacques_Rousseau political ideas influenced the French Revolution , the development of socialist theory , and the growth of nationalism .
eos Jean-Jacques_Rousseau ( june 28 , 1712 - july 2 , 1778 ) was a Genevan philosopher of the Enlightenment Jean-Jacques_Rousseau political ideas influenced the French Revolution , the development of socialist theory , and the growth of nationalism . Jean-Jacques_Rousseau also made important contributions to music both as a theorist and as a composer . With
eos Jean-Jacques_Rousseau ( june 28 , 1712 - july 2 , 1778 ) was a Genevan philosopher of the Enlightenment Jean-Jacques_Rousseau political ideas influenced the French Revolution , the development of socialist theory , and the growth of nationalism . Jean-Jacques_Rousseau also made important contributions to music both as a theorist and as a composer . With Jean-Jacques_Rousseau Confessions and other writings ,
eos Jean-Jacques_Rousseau also made important contributions to music both as a theorist and as a composer . With Jean-Jacques_Rousseau Confessions and other writings , Jean-Jacques_Rousseau practically invented modern autobiography and Jean-Jacques_Rousseau encouraged a new focus on the building of subjectivity that would bear fruit in the work of thinkers as diverse as Hegel and Freud .
eos 
eos Jean_Beliveau , CC , CQ , Dhc ( b. august 31 , 1931 in Trois - Rivières , Quebec , Canada ) was a professional ice hockey player .
eos ( b. august 31 , 1931 in Trois - Rivières , Quebec , Canada ) was a professional ice hockey player . Jean_Beliveau is a Canadian icon , and one of the most respected figures to have ever played the game . A star at an early age ,
eos Jean_Beliveau is a Canadian icon , and one of the most respected figures to have ever played the game . A star at an early age , Jean_Beliveau won the Quebec Senior Hockey League scoring championship with the Quebec Aces in 1953 then Jean_Beliveau joined the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . Three years later , in 1956 ,
eos A star at an early age , Jean_Beliveau won the Quebec Senior Hockey League scoring championship with the Quebec Aces in 1953 then Jean_Beliveau joined the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . Three years later , in 1956 , Jean_Beliveau won both the Art Ross Memorial Trophy as the league 's scoring champion and the Hart Memorial Trophy as its most valuable player . During
eos A star at an early age , Jean_Beliveau won the Quebec Senior Hockey League scoring championship with the Quebec Aces in 1953 then Jean_Beliveau joined the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . Three years later , in 1956 , Jean_Beliveau won both the Art Ross Memorial Trophy as the league 's scoring champion and the Hart Memorial Trophy as its most valuable player . During Jean_Beliveau 18 year career in Montreal ,
eos During Jean_Beliveau 18 year career in Montreal , Jean_Beliveau played on 10 Stanley Cup winning teams and Jean_Beliveau was team captain for five of them . A powerful skater , Jean_Beliveau had a polished air of composed confidence that made
eos During Jean_Beliveau 18 year career in Montreal , Jean_Beliveau played on 10 Stanley Cup winning teams and Jean_Beliveau was team captain for five of them . A powerful skater ,
eos was team captain for five of them . A powerful skater , Jean_Beliveau had a polished air of composed confidence that made Jean_Beliveau a natural leader both on and off the ice . Admired and respected by fans , teammates and
eos was team captain for five of them . A powerful skater , Jean_Beliveau had a polished air of composed confidence that made Jean_Beliveau a natural leader both on and off the ice . Admired and respected by fans , teammates and Jean_Beliveau opponents ,
eos was team captain for five of them . A powerful skater , Jean_Beliveau had a polished air of composed confidence that made Jean_Beliveau a natural leader both on and off the ice . Admired and respected by fans , teammates and Jean_Beliveau opponents , Jean_Beliveau was the first player to win the Conn Smythe Trophy for
eos A powerful skater , Jean_Beliveau had a polished air of composed confidence that made Jean_Beliveau a natural leader both on and off the ice . Admired and respected by fans , teammates and Jean_Beliveau opponents , Jean_Beliveau was the first player to win the Conn Smythe Trophy for Jean_Beliveau performance in the 1965 Stanley Cup playoffs .
eos A powerful skater , Jean_Beliveau had a polished air of composed confidence that made Jean_Beliveau a natural leader both on and off the ice . Admired and respected by fans , teammates and Jean_Beliveau opponents , Jean_Beliveau was the first player to win the Conn Smythe Trophy for Jean_Beliveau performance in the 1965 Stanley Cup playoffs . Jean_Beliveau retired at the end of the 1970 - 71 NHL season as
eos Admired and respected by fans , teammates and Jean_Beliveau opponents , Jean_Beliveau was the first player to win the Conn Smythe Trophy for Jean_Beliveau performance in the 1965 Stanley Cup playoffs . Jean_Beliveau retired at the end of the 1970 - 71 NHL season as Jean_Beliveau team 's all - time leading scorer and the NHL 's all - time leading playoff scorer .
eos Jean_Beliveau retired at the end of the 1970 - 71 NHL season as Jean_Beliveau team 's all - time leading scorer and the NHL 's all - time leading playoff scorer . Jean_Beliveau scored 507 goals and Jean_Beliveau had 712 assists for 1,219 points in 1,125 NHL regular - season games plus 70 goals and 97 assists for 176 points in 162 playoff games .
eos Jean_Beliveau scored 507 goals and Jean_Beliveau had 712 assists for 1,219 points in 1,125 NHL regular - season games plus 70 goals and 97 assists for 176 points in 162 playoff games . Jean_Beliveau jersey number ( # 4 ) was retired on october 9 , 1971 . In 1972 ,
eos Jean_Beliveau jersey number ( # 4 ) was retired on october 9 , 1971 . In 1972 , Jean_Beliveau was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame . After
eos Jean_Beliveau jersey number ( # 4 ) was retired on october 9 , 1971 . In 1972 , Jean_Beliveau was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame . After Jean_Beliveau playing days were over ,
eos In 1972 , Jean_Beliveau was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame . After Jean_Beliveau playing days were over , Jean_Beliveau remained with the Canadiens team as an executive and goodwill ambassador while doing charitable work through the ` ` Jean Béliveau Foundation '' established in 1971 . In 1993
eos After Jean_Beliveau playing days were over , Jean_Beliveau remained with the Canadiens team as an executive and goodwill ambassador while doing charitable work through the ` ` Jean Béliveau Foundation '' established in 1971 . In 1993 Jean_Beliveau transferred the foundation to the ` ` Society for Disabled Children . ''
eos In 1993 Jean_Beliveau transferred the foundation to the ` ` Society for Disabled Children . '' Jean_Beliveau has been given many awards including several honorary doctorates from Canadian universities , plus the Loyola Medal in 1995 .
eos In 1993 Jean_Beliveau transferred the foundation to the ` ` Society for Disabled Children . '' Jean_Beliveau has been given many awards including several honorary doctorates from Canadian universities , plus the Loyola Medal in 1995 . Jean_Beliveau was made a member of the National Order of Quebec and Jean_Beliveau is a Companion of the Order of Canada ,
eos Jean_Beliveau has been given many awards including several honorary doctorates from Canadian universities , plus the Loyola Medal in 1995 . Jean_Beliveau was made a member of the National Order of Quebec and Jean_Beliveau is a Companion of the Order of Canada , Jean_Beliveau country 's highest civilian award .
eos Jean_Beliveau was made a member of the National Order of Quebec and Jean_Beliveau is a Companion of the Order of Canada , Jean_Beliveau country 's highest civilian award . Jean_Beliveau was appointed as a companion to the Order of Canada on May 6 , 1998 ( according to Canada '' ) . In 1994
eos Jean_Beliveau was appointed as a companion to the Order of Canada on May 6 , 1998 ( according to Canada '' ) . In 1994 Jean_Beliveau was offered the position of Governor General of Canada but Jean_Beliveau declined the position for personal reasons . In 2001
eos Jean_Beliveau was appointed as a companion to the Order of Canada on May 6 , 1998 ( according to Canada '' ) . In 1994 Jean_Beliveau was offered the position of Governor General of Canada but Jean_Beliveau declined the position for personal reasons . In 2001 Jean_Beliveau name was added to Canada 's Walk of Fame , the same year
eos Jean_Beliveau was appointed as a companion to the Order of Canada on May 6 , 1998 ( according to Canada '' ) . In 1994 Jean_Beliveau was offered the position of Governor General of Canada but Jean_Beliveau declined the position for personal reasons . In 2001 Jean_Beliveau name was added to Canada 's Walk of Fame , the same year Jean_Beliveau was honored with
eos In 1994 Jean_Beliveau was offered the position of Governor General of Canada but Jean_Beliveau declined the position for personal reasons . In 2001 Jean_Beliveau name was added to Canada 's Walk of Fame , the same year Jean_Beliveau was honored with Jean_Beliveau portrait on a Canadian postage stamp . In november 2004 ,
eos 
eos Jean_Chretien , usually known as Jean Chrétien , PC , QC , BA , LLL , LLD ( born january 11 , 1934 ) , served as the twentieth Prime Minister of Canada from november 4 , 1993 to december 12 , 2003 .
eos 
eos Jean_Monnet ( november 9 , 1888 - march 16 , 1979 ) is regarded by many as the architect of European Unity . Never elected to public office ,
eos 
eos 
eos Jesus ( 8 - 2 BC / BCE to 29 - 36 ADC ) , also known as Jesus of Nazareth , is the central figure of Christianity .
eos ( 8 - 2 BC / BCE to 29 - 36 ADC ) , also known as Jesus of Nazareth , is the central figure of Christianity . Jesus is commonly referred to as Jesus Christ , where ` ` Christ '' is a title derived from the Greek christos , meaning ` ` Anointed One '' , which corresponds to the Hebrew - derived ` ` Messiah '' . The main sources of information regarding
eos The main sources of information regarding Jesus life and teachings are the four canonical Gospels of the New Testament : Matthew , Mark , Luke , and John . Most scholars in the fields of biblical studies and history agree that
eos The main sources of information regarding Jesus life and teachings are the four canonical Gospels of the New Testament : Matthew , Mark , Luke , and John . Most scholars in the fields of biblical studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee ,
eos Matthew , Mark , Luke , and John . Most scholars in the fields of biblical studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee , Jesus was regarded as a healer , Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist , and Jesus was crucified in Jerusalem on orders of the Roman Governor Pontius Pilate under the accusation of sedition against the Roman Empire . A small minority of scholars and authors question the evidence regarding the historical existence of
eos Most scholars in the fields of biblical studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee , Jesus was regarded as a healer , Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist , and Jesus was crucified in Jerusalem on orders of the Roman Governor Pontius Pilate under the accusation of sedition against the Roman Empire . A small minority of scholars and authors question the evidence regarding the historical existence of Jesus . Christian views of Jesus ( see Christology ) center on the belief in
eos Most scholars in the fields of biblical studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee , Jesus was regarded as a healer , Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist , and Jesus was crucified in Jerusalem on orders of the Roman Governor Pontius Pilate under the accusation of sedition against the Roman Empire . A small minority of scholars and authors question the evidence regarding the historical existence of Jesus . Christian views of Jesus ( see Christology ) center on the belief in Jesus as the Messiah or Christ promised in the Old Testament and in
eos Most scholars in the fields of biblical studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee , Jesus was regarded as a healer , Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist , and Jesus was crucified in Jerusalem on orders of the Roman Governor Pontius Pilate under the accusation of sedition against the Roman Empire . A small minority of scholars and authors question the evidence regarding the historical existence of Jesus . Christian views of Jesus ( see Christology ) center on the belief in Jesus as the Messiah or Christ promised in the Old Testament and in Jesus resurrection after
eos Most scholars in the fields of biblical studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee , Jesus was regarded as a healer , Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist , and Jesus was crucified in Jerusalem on orders of the Roman Governor Pontius Pilate under the accusation of sedition against the Roman Empire . A small minority of scholars and authors question the evidence regarding the historical existence of Jesus . Christian views of
eos A small minority of scholars and authors question the evidence regarding the historical existence of Jesus . Christian views of Jesus ( see Christology ) center on the belief in Jesus as the Messiah or Christ promised in the Old Testament and in Jesus resurrection after Jesus crucifixion . Christians typically believe in
eos Christian views of Jesus ( see Christology ) center on the belief in Jesus as the Messiah or Christ promised in the Old Testament and in Jesus resurrection after Jesus crucifixion . Christians typically believe in Jesus as the Son of God sent to provide salvation and reconciliation with God by atoning for the sins of humanity . Trinitarian Christians ( the majority ) believe that
eos Christian views of Jesus ( see Christology ) center on the belief in Jesus as the Messiah or Christ promised in the Old Testament and in Jesus resurrection after Jesus crucifixion . Christians typically believe in Jesus as the Son of God sent to provide salvation and reconciliation with God by atoning for the sins of humanity . Trinitarian Christians ( the majority ) believe that Jesus is God incarnate , while Nontrinitarian Christians profess various other interpretations regarding
eos Christians typically believe in Jesus as the Son of God sent to provide salvation and reconciliation with God by atoning for the sins of humanity . Trinitarian Christians ( the majority ) believe that Jesus is God incarnate , while Nontrinitarian Christians profess various other interpretations regarding Jesus divinity . Other common Christian beliefs include
eos 
eos Jim_Carrey ( born january 17 1962 in Newmarket , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian comedian and film actor .
eos Jim_Carrey ( born january 17 1962 in Newmarket , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian comedian and film actor . Jim_Carrey is best - known for
eos Pet Detective , Ace Ventura : When Nature Calls , Dumb & amp ; Dumber , The Mask , Liar Liar , and Bruce Almighty .
eos When Nature Calls , Dumb & amp ; Dumber , The Mask , Liar Liar , and Bruce Almighty . Jim_Carrey has also achieved critical success in dramatic roles in films such as The Truman Show , The Majestic , Man on the Moon , and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind . Will Ferrell called
eos 
eos Joan_of_Arc , also known as Jeanne d'Arc , ( c. 1412 - 30 May 1431 ) was a national heroine of France and Joan_of_Arc is a saint of the Roman Catholic Church .
eos Joan_of_Arc , also known as Jeanne d'Arc , ( c. 1412 - 30 May 1431 ) was a national heroine of France and Joan_of_Arc is a saint of the Roman Catholic Church . Joan_of_Arc asserted that
eos Joan_of_Arc , also known as Jeanne d'Arc , ( c. 1412 - 30 May 1431 ) was a national heroine of France and Joan_of_Arc is a saint of the Roman Catholic Church . Joan_of_Arc asserted that Joan_of_Arc had visions from God which told
eos Joan_of_Arc , also known as Jeanne d'Arc , ( c. 1412 - 30 May 1431 ) was a national heroine of France and Joan_of_Arc is a saint of the Roman Catholic Church . Joan_of_Arc asserted that Joan_of_Arc had visions from God which told Joan_of_Arc to recover
eos Joan_of_Arc , also known as Jeanne d'Arc , ( c. 1412 - 30 May 1431 ) was a national heroine of France and Joan_of_Arc is a saint of the Roman Catholic Church . Joan_of_Arc asserted that Joan_of_Arc had visions from God which told Joan_of_Arc to recover Joan_of_Arc homeland from English domination late in the Hundred Years ' War . The uncrowned King Charles VII sent
eos Joan_of_Arc asserted that Joan_of_Arc had visions from God which told Joan_of_Arc to recover Joan_of_Arc homeland from English domination late in the Hundred Years ' War . The uncrowned King Charles VII sent Joan_of_Arc to the siege at Orléans as part of a relief mission .
eos Joan_of_Arc asserted that Joan_of_Arc had visions from God which told Joan_of_Arc to recover Joan_of_Arc homeland from English domination late in the Hundred Years ' War . The uncrowned King Charles VII sent Joan_of_Arc to the siege at Orléans as part of a relief mission . Joan_of_Arc gained prominence when
eos Joan_of_Arc gained prominence when Joan_of_Arc overcame the light regard of veteran commanders and Joan_of_Arc lifted the siege in only nine days . Several more swift victories led to Charles VII 's coronation at Reims and settled the disputed succession to the throne . The renewed French confidence outlasted
eos Several more swift victories led to Charles VII 's coronation at Reims and settled the disputed succession to the throne . The renewed French confidence outlasted Joan_of_Arc own brief career .
eos Several more swift victories led to Charles VII 's coronation at Reims and settled the disputed succession to the throne . The renewed French confidence outlasted Joan_of_Arc own brief career . Joan_of_Arc refused to leave the field when
eos The renewed French confidence outlasted Joan_of_Arc own brief career . Joan_of_Arc refused to leave the field when Joan_of_Arc was wounded during an attempt to recapture Paris that autumn . Hampered by court intrigues ,
eos Joan_of_Arc refused to leave the field when Joan_of_Arc was wounded during an attempt to recapture Paris that autumn . Hampered by court intrigues , Joan_of_Arc led only minor companies from then onward and Joan_of_Arc fell prisoner at a skirmish near Compiègne the following spring . A politically motivated trial convicted
eos A politically motivated trial convicted Joan_of_Arc of heresy . The English regent John of Lancaster , 1st Duke of Bedford had
eos The English regent John of Lancaster , 1st Duke of Bedford had Joan_of_Arc burnt at the stake in Rouen .
eos The English regent John of Lancaster , 1st Duke of Bedford had Joan_of_Arc burnt at the stake in Rouen . Joan_of_Arc had been the heroine of
eos Joan_of_Arc had been the heroine of Joan_of_Arc country at the age of seventeen and Joan_of_Arc died at just nineteen . Some twenty - four years later Pope Callixtus III reopened the case and a new finding overturned the original conviction .
eos Some twenty - four years later Pope Callixtus III reopened the case and a new finding overturned the original conviction . Joan_of_Arc piety to the end impressed the retrial court . Pope Benedict XV canonized
eos Joan_of_Arc piety to the end impressed the retrial court . Pope Benedict XV canonized Joan_of_Arc on 16 May , 1920 .
eos Pope Benedict XV canonized Joan_of_Arc on 16 May , 1920 . Joan_of_Arc has remained an important figure in Western culture . From Napoleon to the present , French politicians of all leanings have invoked
eos Joan_of_Arc has remained an important figure in Western culture . From Napoleon to the present , French politicians of all leanings have invoked Joan_of_Arc memory . Major writers and composers who have created works about
eos From Napoleon to the present , French politicians of all leanings have invoked Joan_of_Arc memory . Major writers and composers who have created works about Joan_of_Arc include Shakespeare , Voltaire , Schiller , Verdi , Tchaikovsky , Twain , Shaw , Brecht and Honegger . Depictions of
eos 
eos Johannes_Gutenberg ( c 1398 - c february 3 , 1468 ) was a German goldsmith and inventor
eos Johannes_Gutenberg ( c 1398 - c february 3 , 1468 ) was a German goldsmith and inventor Johannes_Gutenberg invented the European technology of printing with movable type in 1447 . Movable type technology was known in Korea and China by at least 1234 , but
eos Johannes_Gutenberg ( c 1398 - c february 3 , 1468 ) was a German goldsmith and inventor Johannes_Gutenberg invented the European technology of printing with movable type in 1447 . Movable type technology was known in Korea and China by at least 1234 , but Johannes_Gutenberg printing technology was most likely an independent invention .
eos Movable type technology was known in Korea and China by at least 1234 , but Johannes_Gutenberg printing technology was most likely an independent invention . Johannes_Gutenberg main contribution may have been in the combination of the use of movable type , the art of making such type , the use of oil - based ink , and the wooden printing press , which was presumably derived from the various presses in use at the time , including those for book - binding and those used in wine - making and in olive - oil production .
eos Johannes_Gutenberg technology for making type is traditionally considered to have included a type metal alloy and a mould for casting type accurately . The use of movable type constituted an improvement on the block printing already in use .
eos ( Similar techniques were used at the time for the production of printed textiles . ) Combining these elements into a production system permitted the rapid printing of written materials , which fed the information - hungry world of Renaissance Europe .
eos Combining these elements into a production system permitted the rapid printing of written materials , which fed the information - hungry world of Renaissance Europe . Johannes_Gutenberg printing technology rapidly spread throughout Europe and is generally thought to have been a key development leading to the European Renaissance . Consequently ,
eos Combining these elements into a production system permitted the rapid printing of written materials , which fed the information - hungry world of Renaissance Europe . Johannes_Gutenberg printing technology rapidly spread throughout Europe and is generally thought to have been a key development leading to the European Renaissance . Consequently , Johannes_Gutenberg remains a towering figure in the popular image ; in 1999 , the A&amp;E Network ranked
eos 
eos Johannes_Kepler ( december 27 , 1571 - november 15 , 1630 ) , a key figure in the scientific revolution , was a German mathematician , astronomer , astrologer , and an early writer of science fiction stories .
eos Johannes_Kepler ( december 27 , 1571 - november 15 , 1630 ) , a key figure in the scientific revolution , was a German mathematician , astronomer , astrologer , and an early writer of science fiction stories . Johannes_Kepler is best known for
eos Johannes_Kepler ( december 27 , 1571 - november 15 , 1630 ) , a key figure in the scientific revolution , was a German mathematician , astronomer , astrologer , and an early writer of science fiction stories . Johannes_Kepler is best known for Johannes_Kepler laws of planetary motion , based on
eos Johannes_Kepler ( december 27 , 1571 - november 15 , 1630 ) , a key figure in the scientific revolution , was a German mathematician , astronomer , astrologer , and an early writer of science fiction stories . Johannes_Kepler is best known for Johannes_Kepler laws of planetary motion , based on Johannes_Kepler works Astronomia nova , Harmonice Mundi and the textbook Epitome of Copernican Astronomy . Through
eos Johannes_Kepler ( december 27 , 1571 - november 15 , 1630 ) , a key figure in the scientific revolution , was a German mathematician , astronomer , astrologer , and an early writer of science fiction stories . Johannes_Kepler is best known for Johannes_Kepler laws of planetary motion , based on Johannes_Kepler works Astronomia nova , Harmonice Mundi and the textbook Epitome of Copernican Astronomy . Through Johannes_Kepler career
eos Johannes_Kepler is best known for Johannes_Kepler laws of planetary motion , based on Johannes_Kepler works Astronomia nova , Harmonice Mundi and the textbook Epitome of Copernican Astronomy . Through Johannes_Kepler career Johannes_Kepler was a mathematics teacher at a Graz seminary school ( later the University of Graz , Austria ) , an assistant to Tycho Brahe , court mathematician to Emperor Rudolf II , mathematics teacher in Linz , Austria , and court astrologer to General Wallenstein .
eos Johannes_Kepler is best known for Johannes_Kepler laws of planetary motion , based on Johannes_Kepler works Astronomia nova , Harmonice Mundi and the textbook Epitome of Copernican Astronomy . Through Johannes_Kepler career Johannes_Kepler was a mathematics teacher at a Graz seminary school ( later the University of Graz , Austria ) , an assistant to Tycho Brahe , court mathematician to Emperor Rudolf II , mathematics teacher in Linz , Austria , and court astrologer to General Wallenstein . Johannes_Kepler also did fundamental work in the field of optics and Johannes_Kepler helped to legitimize the telescopic discoveries of
eos Through Johannes_Kepler career Johannes_Kepler was a mathematics teacher at a Graz seminary school ( later the University of Graz , Austria ) , an assistant to Tycho Brahe , court mathematician to Emperor Rudolf II , mathematics teacher in Linz , Austria , and court astrologer to General Wallenstein . Johannes_Kepler also did fundamental work in the field of optics and Johannes_Kepler helped to legitimize the telescopic discoveries of Johannes_Kepler contemporary Galileo Galilei .
eos Through Johannes_Kepler career Johannes_Kepler was a mathematics teacher at a Graz seminary school ( later the University of Graz , Austria ) , an assistant to Tycho Brahe , court mathematician to Emperor Rudolf II , mathematics teacher in Linz , Austria , and court astrologer to General Wallenstein . Johannes_Kepler also did fundamental work in the field of optics and Johannes_Kepler helped to legitimize the telescopic discoveries of Johannes_Kepler contemporary Galileo Galilei . Johannes_Kepler is sometimes referred to as ` ` the first theoretical astrophysicist '' , although Carl Sagan also referred to
eos 
eos John_A._Macdonald , GCB , KCMG , PC , QC , DCL , LLD ( january 11 , 1815 - june 6 , 1891 ) was the first Prime Minister of Canada , from july 1 , 1867 to november 5 , 1873 , and also from october 17 , 1878 to june 6 , 1891 .
eos John_A._Macdonald , GCB , KCMG , PC , QC , DCL , LLD ( january 11 , 1815 - june 6 , 1891 ) was the first Prime Minister of Canada , from july 1 , 1867 to november 5 , 1873 , and also from october 17 , 1878 to june 6 , 1891 . John_A._Macdonald was born on january 11 , 1815 in Glasgow , Scotland .
eos John_A._Macdonald was born on january 11 , 1815 in Glasgow , Scotland . John_A._Macdonald parents were Hugh Macdonald , an unsuccessful merchant , and his wife Helen Shaw , who met in Scotland in 1811 . After the failure of
eos John_A._Macdonald was born on january 11 , 1815 in Glasgow , Scotland . John_A._Macdonald parents were Hugh Macdonald , an unsuccessful merchant , and his wife Helen Shaw , who met in Scotland in 1811 . After the failure of John_A._Macdonald father 's business ventures ,
eos After the failure of John_A._Macdonald father 's business ventures , John_A._Macdonald family emigrated to Kingston , Upper Canada in 1820 along with thousands of others seeking affordable land and promises of new prosperity . Hugh 's fortunes were to rise there .
eos Hugh 's fortunes were to rise there . John_A._Macdonald was educated in the area 's finest schools .
eos Hugh 's fortunes were to rise there . John_A._Macdonald was educated in the area 's finest schools . John_A._Macdonald became a lawyer in 1834 and John_A._Macdonald set up
eos John_A._Macdonald was educated in the area 's finest schools . John_A._Macdonald became a lawyer in 1834 and John_A._Macdonald set up John_A._Macdonald own law practice in Kingston .
eos John_A._Macdonald was educated in the area 's finest schools . John_A._Macdonald became a lawyer in 1834 and John_A._Macdonald set up John_A._Macdonald own law practice in Kingston . John_A._Macdonald earned the esteem of many by
eos John_A._Macdonald became a lawyer in 1834 and John_A._Macdonald set up John_A._Macdonald own law practice in Kingston . John_A._Macdonald earned the esteem of many by John_A._Macdonald unsuccessful but solid defence of the American raiders who were captured at the Battle of the Windmill ( 1838 , near Prescott , Ontario ) in the Rebellions of 1837 . In 1843 , at the age of 28 ,
eos John_A._Macdonald became a lawyer in 1834 and John_A._Macdonald set up John_A._Macdonald own law practice in Kingston . John_A._Macdonald earned the esteem of many by John_A._Macdonald unsuccessful but solid defence of the American raiders who were captured at the Battle of the Windmill ( 1838 , near Prescott , Ontario ) in the Rebellions of 1837 . In 1843 , at the age of 28 , John_A._Macdonald married
eos Soon after the wedding , Isabella became terribly sick with a mysterious illness . She depended on medication and spent most of her time in bed . They had two children : John Alexander , who died when he was 13 months old , and Hugh John , who was raised by
eos They had two children : John Alexander , who died when he was 13 months old , and Hugh John , who was raised by John_A._Macdonald sister Margaret and her husband , James Williamson , after Isabella 's death in 1857 . Hugh John went on to become premier of the Province of Manitoba . In 1867 , at the age of 52 ,
eos They had two children : John Alexander , who died when he was 13 months old , and Hugh John , who was raised by John_A._Macdonald sister Margaret and her husband , James Williamson , after Isabella 's death in 1857 . Hugh John went on to become premier of the Province of Manitoba . In 1867 , at the age of 52 , John_A._Macdonald married
eos In 1867 , at the age of 52 , John_A._Macdonald married John_A._Macdonald second wife Susan Agnes Bernard ( 1836 - 1920 ) . They had one daughter , Margaret Mary Theodora Macdonald ( 1869 - 1933 ) , who was born with hydrocephalus and suffered from physical and mental disabilities .
eos 
eos John_Cale ( born december 4 , 1942 ) is a Welsh musician , songwriter and record producer .
eos John_Cale ( born december 4 , 1942 ) is a Welsh musician , songwriter and record producer . John_Cale is best known for
eos John_Cale ( born december 4 , 1942 ) is a Welsh musician , songwriter and record producer . John_Cale is best known for John_Cale work in rock music ( including being a founding member of the Velvet Underground ) , but
eos 
eos John_Candy ( october 31 , 1950 - march 4 , 1994 ) was a Canadian comedian and actor .
eos John_Candy ( october 31 , 1950 - march 4 , 1994 ) was a Canadian comedian and actor . John_Candy rose to fame as a member of the Toronto branch of The Second City , often playing lovable losers and characters with bad luck but big hearts .
eos John_Candy ( october 31 , 1950 - march 4 , 1994 ) was a Canadian comedian and actor . John_Candy rose to fame as a member of the Toronto branch of The Second City , often playing lovable losers and characters with bad luck but big hearts . John_Candy television and film roles were mostly comedic , such as
eos John_Candy ( october 31 , 1950 - march 4 , 1994 ) was a Canadian comedian and actor . John_Candy rose to fame as a member of the Toronto branch of The Second City , often playing lovable losers and characters with bad luck but big hearts . John_Candy television and film roles were mostly comedic , such as John_Candy memorable characters in Stripes , The Blues Brothers , Uncle Buck , and Planes , Trains & amp ; Automobiles , but
eos John_Candy rose to fame as a member of the Toronto branch of The Second City , often playing lovable losers and characters with bad luck but big hearts . John_Candy television and film roles were mostly comedic , such as John_Candy memorable characters in Stripes , The Blues Brothers , Uncle Buck , and Planes , Trains & amp ; Automobiles , but John_Candy also played serious characters in films like JFK and Cool Runnings .
eos 
eos John_Dalton ( september 6 , 1766 - july 27 , 1844 ) was an English chemist and physicist , born at Eaglesfield , near Cockermouth in Cumberland . John_Dalton is most well known for John_Dalton advocacy of the atomic theory and John_Dalton research into color blindness sometimes called Daltonism in John_Dalton honor . Around about 1790 John_Dalton seems to have thought of taking up law or medicine , but John_Dalton projects were not met with encouragement from John_Dalton relatives and John_Dalton remained at Kendal until , in the spring of 1793 ,
eos John_Dalton ( september 6 , 1766 - july 27 , 1844 ) was an English chemist and physicist , born at Eaglesfield , near Cockermouth in Cumberland .
eos John_Dalton ( september 6 , 1766 - july 27 , 1844 ) was an English chemist and physicist , born at Eaglesfield , near Cockermouth in Cumberland . John_Dalton is most well known for
eos John_Dalton ( september 6 , 1766 - july 27 , 1844 ) was an English chemist and physicist , born at Eaglesfield , near Cockermouth in Cumberland . John_Dalton is most well known for John_Dalton advocacy of the atomic theory and
eos John_Dalton ( september 6 , 1766 - july 27 , 1844 ) was an English chemist and physicist , born at Eaglesfield , near Cockermouth in Cumberland . John_Dalton is most well known for John_Dalton advocacy of the atomic theory and John_Dalton research into color blindness sometimes called Daltonism in
eos John_Dalton ( september 6 , 1766 - july 27 , 1844 ) was an English chemist and physicist , born at Eaglesfield , near Cockermouth in Cumberland . John_Dalton is most well known for John_Dalton advocacy of the atomic theory and John_Dalton research into color blindness sometimes called Daltonism in John_Dalton honor . Around about 1790
eos John_Dalton ( september 6 , 1766 - july 27 , 1844 ) was an English chemist and physicist , born at Eaglesfield , near Cockermouth in Cumberland . John_Dalton is most well known for John_Dalton advocacy of the atomic theory and John_Dalton research into color blindness sometimes called Daltonism in John_Dalton honor . Around about 1790 John_Dalton seems to have thought of taking up law or medicine , but
eos John_Dalton ( september 6 , 1766 - july 27 , 1844 ) was an English chemist and physicist , born at Eaglesfield , near Cockermouth in Cumberland . John_Dalton is most well known for John_Dalton advocacy of the atomic theory and John_Dalton research into color blindness sometimes called Daltonism in John_Dalton honor . Around about 1790 John_Dalton seems to have thought of taking up law or medicine , but John_Dalton projects were not met with encouragement from
eos John_Dalton ( september 6 , 1766 - july 27 , 1844 ) was an English chemist and physicist , born at Eaglesfield , near Cockermouth in Cumberland . John_Dalton is most well known for John_Dalton advocacy of the atomic theory and John_Dalton research into color blindness sometimes called Daltonism in John_Dalton honor . Around about 1790 John_Dalton seems to have thought of taking up law or medicine , but John_Dalton projects were not met with encouragement from John_Dalton relatives and
eos John_Dalton is most well known for John_Dalton advocacy of the atomic theory and John_Dalton research into color blindness sometimes called Daltonism in John_Dalton honor . Around about 1790 John_Dalton seems to have thought of taking up law or medicine , but John_Dalton projects were not met with encouragement from John_Dalton relatives and John_Dalton remained at Kendal until , in the spring of 1793 , John_Dalton moved to Manchester . Mainly through John Gough , a blind philosopher to whose aid
eos John_Dalton is most well known for John_Dalton advocacy of the atomic theory and John_Dalton research into color blindness sometimes called Daltonism in John_Dalton honor . Around about 1790 John_Dalton seems to have thought of taking up law or medicine , but John_Dalton projects were not met with encouragement from John_Dalton relatives and John_Dalton remained at Kendal until , in the spring of 1793 , John_Dalton moved to Manchester . Mainly through John Gough , a blind philosopher to whose aid John_Dalton owed much of
eos John_Dalton is most well known for John_Dalton advocacy of the atomic theory and John_Dalton research into color blindness sometimes called Daltonism in John_Dalton honor . Around about 1790 John_Dalton seems to have thought of taking up law or medicine , but John_Dalton projects were not met with encouragement from John_Dalton relatives and John_Dalton remained at Kendal until , in the spring of 1793 , John_Dalton moved to Manchester . Mainly through John Gough , a blind philosopher to whose aid John_Dalton owed much of John_Dalton scientific knowledge ,
eos Around about 1790 John_Dalton seems to have thought of taking up law or medicine , but John_Dalton projects were not met with encouragement from John_Dalton relatives and John_Dalton remained at Kendal until , in the spring of 1793 , John_Dalton moved to Manchester . Mainly through John Gough , a blind philosopher to whose aid John_Dalton owed much of John_Dalton scientific knowledge , John_Dalton was appointed teacher of mathematics and natural philosophy at the Manchester Academy .
eos Around about 1790 John_Dalton seems to have thought of taking up law or medicine , but John_Dalton projects were not met with encouragement from John_Dalton relatives and John_Dalton remained at Kendal until , in the spring of 1793 , John_Dalton moved to Manchester . Mainly through John Gough , a blind philosopher to whose aid John_Dalton owed much of John_Dalton scientific knowledge , John_Dalton was appointed teacher of mathematics and natural philosophy at the Manchester Academy . John_Dalton remained in that position until the relocation of the college to York in 1803 , when
eos 
eos John_F._Kennedy ( May 29 , 1917 - november 22 , 1963 ) , also referred to as John F Kennedy , JFK , John Kennedy , or Jack Kennedy , was the 35th President of the United States .
eos John_F._Kennedy ( May 29 , 1917 - november 22 , 1963 ) , also referred to as John F Kennedy , JFK , John Kennedy , or Jack Kennedy , was the 35th President of the United States . John_F._Kennedy served from 1961 until
eos John_F._Kennedy ( May 29 , 1917 - november 22 , 1963 ) , also referred to as John F Kennedy , JFK , John Kennedy , or Jack Kennedy , was the 35th President of the United States . John_F._Kennedy served from 1961 until John_F._Kennedy assassination in 1963 .
eos John_F._Kennedy ( May 29 , 1917 - november 22 , 1963 ) , also referred to as John F Kennedy , JFK , John Kennedy , or Jack Kennedy , was the 35th President of the United States . John_F._Kennedy served from 1961 until John_F._Kennedy assassination in 1963 . John_F._Kennedy leadership during the ramming of
eos John_F._Kennedy served from 1961 until John_F._Kennedy assassination in 1963 . John_F._Kennedy leadership during the ramming of John_F._Kennedy PT-109 during World War II led to being cited for bravery and heroism in the South Pacific .
eos John_F._Kennedy leadership during the ramming of John_F._Kennedy PT-109 during World War II led to being cited for bravery and heroism in the South Pacific . John_F._Kennedy represented Massachusetts during 1947 - 1960 , as both a member of the US House of Representatives and US Senate .
eos John_F._Kennedy represented Massachusetts during 1947 - 1960 , as both a member of the US House of Representatives and US Senate . John_F._Kennedy was elected President in 1960 in one of the closest elections in American history .
eos John_F._Kennedy was elected President in 1960 in one of the closest elections in American history . John_F._Kennedy is the only Roman Catholic to be elected President of the United States as of 2006 . Major events during
eos John_F._Kennedy is the only Roman Catholic to be elected President of the United States as of 2006 . Major events during John_F._Kennedy presidency included the Bay of Pigs invasion , the Cuban Missile Crisis , the building of the Berlin Wall , the Space Race , early events of the Vietnam War , and the American Civil Rights Movement .
eos John_F._Kennedy was assassinated on november 22 , 1963 . Official investigations have repeatedly determined Lee Harvey Oswald was the assassin , but critics allege that Oswald acted as part of a conspiracy or was not involved at all and was framed .
eos John_F._Kennedy was assassinated on november 22 , 1963 . Official investigations have repeatedly determined Lee Harvey Oswald was the assassin , but critics allege that Oswald acted as part of a conspiracy or was not involved at all and was framed . John_F._Kennedy assassination is considered to be a defining moment in US history due to its traumatic impact on the nation as well as on the political history of the ensuing decades ,
eos 
eos John_Harrison ( march 24 1693-march 24 1776 ) was an English clockmaker ,
eos 
eos John_III_Sobieski ( 17 august 1629 - 17 june 1696 ; "" English : John III Sobieski "" ) was one of the most notable monarchs of the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth , the King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1674 until
eos John_III_Sobieski ( 17 august 1629 - 17 june 1696 ; "" English : John III Sobieski "" ) was one of the most notable monarchs of the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth , the King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1674 until John_III_Sobieski death .
eos "" English : John III Sobieski "" ) was one of the most notable monarchs of the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth , the King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1674 until John_III_Sobieski death . John_III_Sobieski 22-year - reign was marked by a period of the Commonwealth 's stabilisation , much needed after the turmoil of the Deluge and Chmielnicki 's Uprising . Popular among
eos "" English : John III Sobieski "" ) was one of the most notable monarchs of the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth , the King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1674 until John_III_Sobieski death . John_III_Sobieski 22-year - reign was marked by a period of the Commonwealth 's stabilisation , much needed after the turmoil of the Deluge and Chmielnicki 's Uprising . Popular among John_III_Sobieski subjects ,
eos "" English : John III Sobieski "" ) was one of the most notable monarchs of the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth , the King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1674 until John_III_Sobieski death . John_III_Sobieski 22-year - reign was marked by a period of the Commonwealth 's stabilisation , much needed after the turmoil of the Deluge and Chmielnicki 's Uprising . Popular among John_III_Sobieski subjects , John_III_Sobieski was also a brilliant military commander , most famous for
eos John_III_Sobieski 22-year - reign was marked by a period of the Commonwealth 's stabilisation , much needed after the turmoil of the Deluge and Chmielnicki 's Uprising . Popular among John_III_Sobieski subjects , John_III_Sobieski was also a brilliant military commander , most famous for John_III_Sobieski victory over the Turks in the 1683 Battle of Vienna . For
eos John_III_Sobieski 22-year - reign was marked by a period of the Commonwealth 's stabilisation , much needed after the turmoil of the Deluge and Chmielnicki 's Uprising . Popular among John_III_Sobieski subjects , John_III_Sobieski was also a brilliant military commander , most famous for John_III_Sobieski victory over the Turks in the 1683 Battle of Vienna . For John_III_Sobieski victories over the Ottoman Empire ,
eos 
eos John_Locke ( august 29 , 1632 - october 28 , 1704 ) was an influential English philosopher . In epistemology ,
eos John_Locke ( august 29 , 1632 - october 28 , 1704 ) was an influential English philosopher . In epistemology , John_Locke has often been classified as a British Empiricist , along with David Hume and George Berkeley .
eos John_Locke ( august 29 , 1632 - october 28 , 1704 ) was an influential English philosopher . In epistemology , John_Locke has often been classified as a British Empiricist , along with David Hume and George Berkeley . John_Locke is equally important as a social contract theorist , as
eos John_Locke is equally important as a social contract theorist , as John_Locke developed an alternative to the Hobbesian state of nature and John_Locke argued a government could only be legitimate if it received the consent of the governed through a social contract and protected the natural rights of life , liberty , and estate . If such consent was not given , argued
eos argued a government could only be legitimate if it received the consent of the governed through a social contract and protected the natural rights of life , liberty , and estate . If such consent was not given , argued John_Locke , citizens had a right of rebellion .
eos If such consent was not given , argued John_Locke , citizens had a right of rebellion . John_Locke is one of the few major philosophers who became a minister of government .
eos If such consent was not given , argued John_Locke , citizens had a right of rebellion . John_Locke is one of the few major philosophers who became a minister of government . John_Locke ideas had an enormous influence on the development of political philosophy , and
eos John_Locke is one of the few major philosophers who became a minister of government . John_Locke ideas had an enormous influence on the development of political philosophy , and John_Locke is widely regarded as one of the most influential Enlightenment thinkers and contributors to liberal theory .
eos 
eos John_Lydon ( born january 31 , 1956 ) , also known as Johnny Rotten , is an English rock musician .
eos John_Lydon ( born january 31 , 1956 ) , also known as Johnny Rotten , is an English rock musician . John_Lydon is the lead singer of the Sex Pistols and the former lead singer of Public Image Ltd. . With
eos John_Lydon ( born january 31 , 1956 ) , also known as Johnny Rotten , is an English rock musician . John_Lydon is the lead singer of the Sex Pistols and the former lead singer of Public Image Ltd. . With John_Lydon sarcastic and provocative public persona ,
eos John_Lydon is the lead singer of the Sex Pistols and the former lead singer of Public Image Ltd. . With John_Lydon sarcastic and provocative public persona , John_Lydon participated in laying down a new template for rebellious youth and band frontmen .
eos With John_Lydon sarcastic and provocative public persona , John_Lydon participated in laying down a new template for rebellious youth and band frontmen . John_Lydon musical innovations have also been influential .
eos 
eos John_Maxwell_Coetzee ( IPA pronunciation : "" IPA : "" kutseː "" "" ; born 9 february 1940 ) , often called JM Coetzee , is a South African author ( now living in Australia ) and academic . A novelist and literary critic as well as a translator ,
eos 
eos John_Maynard_Keynes , 1st Baron Keynes , CB ( pronounced ` ` canes '' , IPA "" IPA : / keɪnz / "" ) ( 5 june 1883 - 21 april 1946 ) was a British economist
eos IPA "" IPA : / keɪnz / "" ) ( 5 june 1883 - 21 april 1946 ) was a British economist John_Maynard_Keynes ideas , called Keynesian economics , had a major impact on modern economic and political theory as well as on many governments ' fiscal policies .
eos ( 5 june 1883 - 21 april 1946 ) was a British economist John_Maynard_Keynes ideas , called Keynesian economics , had a major impact on modern economic and political theory as well as on many governments ' fiscal policies . John_Maynard_Keynes is particularly remembered for advocating interventionist government policy , by which the government would use fiscal and monetary measures to mitigate the adverse effects of economic recessions , depressions and booms . Economists consider
eos John_Maynard_Keynes is particularly remembered for advocating interventionist government policy , by which the government would use fiscal and monetary measures to mitigate the adverse effects of economic recessions , depressions and booms . Economists consider John_Maynard_Keynes one of the main founders of modern theoretical macroeconomics .
eos 
eos John_Molson ( december 28 , 1763 - january 11 , 1836 ) was an Anglo - Quebecer
eos John_Molson ( december 28 , 1763 - january 11 , 1836 ) was an Anglo - Quebecer John_Molson was a major brewer and entrepreneur in Canada , starting the Molson Brewing Company . Born in England ,
eos an Anglo - Quebecer John_Molson was a major brewer and entrepreneur in Canada , starting the Molson Brewing Company . Born in England , John_Molson emigrated to Canada as a young man and in 1782 John_Molson built Lower Canada 's first distillery .
eos Born in England , John_Molson emigrated to Canada as a young man and in 1782 John_Molson built Lower Canada 's first distillery . John_Molson also established the Champlain and Saint Lawrence Railroad , the first railway into Canada , and John_Molson introduced steam power into Montreal industry .
eos John_Molson also established the Champlain and Saint Lawrence Railroad , the first railway into Canada , and John_Molson introduced steam power into Montreal industry . John_Molson was a member of the Unitarian Church and also a Freemason . Among
eos John_Molson also established the Champlain and Saint Lawrence Railroad , the first railway into Canada , and John_Molson introduced steam power into Montreal industry . John_Molson was a member of the Unitarian Church and also a Freemason . Among John_Molson many contributions to Montreal , in 1825
eos John_Molson was a member of the Unitarian Church and also a Freemason . Among John_Molson many contributions to Montreal , in 1825 John_Molson paid for the construction of the Royal Theatre on rue Saint - Paul that provided musical and theatrical entertainment similar to the music halls of France and England . On november 4 , 1986 , the government of Canada honored
eos John_Molson was a member of the Unitarian Church and also a Freemason . Among John_Molson many contributions to Montreal , in 1825 John_Molson paid for the construction of the Royal Theatre on rue Saint - Paul that provided musical and theatrical entertainment similar to the music halls of France and England . On november 4 , 1986 , the government of Canada honored John_Molson with
eos On november 4 , 1986 , the government of Canada honored John_Molson with John_Molson image on a postage stamp . Effective january 2001 , the faculty of Commerce and Administration at Montreal 's Concordia University was renamed to the John Molson School of Business .
eos Effective january 2001 , the faculty of Commerce and Administration at Montreal 's Concordia University was renamed to the John Molson School of Business . John_Molson son William Molson founded Molsons Bank .
eos 
eos John_Peel , OBE ( 30 august , 1939 - 25 october 2004 ) , known professionally as John Peel , was an English disc jockey , radio presenter , and journalist . Known for
eos John_Peel , OBE ( 30 august , 1939 - 25 october 2004 ) , known professionally as John Peel , was an English disc jockey , radio presenter , and journalist . Known for John_Peel eclectic taste in music and
eos John_Peel , OBE ( 30 august , 1939 - 25 october 2004 ) , known professionally as John Peel , was an English disc jockey , radio presenter , and journalist . Known for John_Peel eclectic taste in music and John_Peel honest and warm broadcasting style ,
eos John_Peel , OBE ( 30 august , 1939 - 25 october 2004 ) , known professionally as John Peel , was an English disc jockey , radio presenter , and journalist . Known for John_Peel eclectic taste in music and John_Peel honest and warm broadcasting style , John_Peel was a popular and respected DJ and broadcaster .
eos Known for John_Peel eclectic taste in music and John_Peel honest and warm broadcasting style , John_Peel was a popular and respected DJ and broadcaster . John_Peel was one of the first to play reggae and punk on British radio .
eos John_Peel was one of the first to play reggae and punk on British radio . John_Peel significant influence on alternative rock , Pop , British hip hop and dance music is acknowledged .
eos John_Peel was one of the first to play reggae and punk on British radio . John_Peel significant influence on alternative rock , Pop , British hip hop and dance music is acknowledged . John_Peel was one of the original DJs of BBC Radio 1 in 1967 and the only original DJ remaining on that station at the time of
eos 
eos John_Wesley ( june 17 , 1703 - march 2 , 1791 ) was an 18th - century Anglican clergyman and Christian theologian
eos John_Wesley ( june 17 , 1703 - march 2 , 1791 ) was an 18th - century Anglican clergyman and Christian theologian John_Wesley was an early leader in the Methodist movement . Methodism had three rises , the first at Oxford University with the founding of the so - called ` ` Holy Club '' , the second while
eos John_Wesley ( june 17 , 1703 - march 2 , 1791 ) was an 18th - century Anglican clergyman and Christian theologian John_Wesley was an early leader in the Methodist movement . Methodism had three rises , the first at Oxford University with the founding of the so - called ` ` Holy Club '' , the second while John_Wesley was parish priest in Savannah , Georgia , and the third in London after
eos John_Wesley ( june 17 , 1703 - march 2 , 1791 ) was an 18th - century Anglican clergyman and Christian theologian John_Wesley was an early leader in the Methodist movement . Methodism had three rises , the first at Oxford University with the founding of the so - called ` ` Holy Club '' , the second while John_Wesley was parish priest in Savannah , Georgia , and the third in London after John_Wesley return to England . The movement took form from its third rise in the early 1740s with
eos The movement took form from its third rise in the early 1740s with John_Wesley , along with others , itinerant field preaching and the subsequent founding of religious societies for the formation of believers . This was the first widely successful evangelical movement in the United Kingdom .
eos This was the first widely successful evangelical movement in the United Kingdom . John_Wesley Methodist connection included societies throughout England , Scotland , Wales , and Ireland before spreading to other parts of the English - speaking world and beyond .
eos This was the first widely successful evangelical movement in the United Kingdom . John_Wesley Methodist connection included societies throughout England , Scotland , Wales , and Ireland before spreading to other parts of the English - speaking world and beyond . John_Wesley divided
eos John_Wesley Methodist connection included societies throughout England , Scotland , Wales , and Ireland before spreading to other parts of the English - speaking world and beyond . John_Wesley divided John_Wesley religious societies further into classes and bands for intensive accountability and religious instruction . Methodists , under
eos John_Wesley divided John_Wesley religious societies further into classes and bands for intensive accountability and religious instruction . Methodists , under John_Wesley direction , became leaders in many social justice issues of the day including prison reform and abolitionism movements .
eos John_Wesley divided John_Wesley religious societies further into classes and bands for intensive accountability and religious instruction . Methodists , under John_Wesley direction , became leaders in many social justice issues of the day including prison reform and abolitionism movements . John_Wesley strength as a theologian lay in
eos Methodists , under John_Wesley direction , became leaders in many social justice issues of the day including prison reform and abolitionism movements . John_Wesley strength as a theologian lay in John_Wesley ability to combine seemingly opposing theological stances .
eos Methodists , under John_Wesley direction , became leaders in many social justice issues of the day including prison reform and abolitionism movements . John_Wesley strength as a theologian lay in John_Wesley ability to combine seemingly opposing theological stances . John_Wesley greatest theological achievement was
eos Methodists , under John_Wesley direction , became leaders in many social justice issues of the day including prison reform and abolitionism movements . John_Wesley strength as a theologian lay in John_Wesley ability to combine seemingly opposing theological stances . John_Wesley greatest theological achievement was John_Wesley promotion of what
eos John_Wesley strength as a theologian lay in John_Wesley ability to combine seemingly opposing theological stances . John_Wesley greatest theological achievement was John_Wesley promotion of what John_Wesley termed ` ` Christian perfection '' , or holiness of heart and life .
eos John_Wesley greatest theological achievement was John_Wesley promotion of what John_Wesley termed ` ` Christian perfection '' , or holiness of heart and life . John_Wesley insisted that in this life , the Christian could come to a state where the love of God , or perfect love , reigned supreme in one 's heart .
eos John_Wesley greatest theological achievement was John_Wesley promotion of what John_Wesley termed ` ` Christian perfection '' , or holiness of heart and life . John_Wesley insisted that in this life , the Christian could come to a state where the love of God , or perfect love , reigned supreme in one 's heart . John_Wesley evangelical theology , especially
eos John_Wesley greatest theological achievement was John_Wesley promotion of what John_Wesley termed ` ` Christian perfection '' , or holiness of heart and life . John_Wesley insisted that in this life , the Christian could come to a state where the love of God , or perfect love , reigned supreme in one 's heart . John_Wesley evangelical theology , especially John_Wesley understanding of Christian perfection , was firmly grounded in
eos John_Wesley insisted that in this life , the Christian could come to a state where the love of God , or perfect love , reigned supreme in one 's heart . John_Wesley evangelical theology , especially John_Wesley understanding of Christian perfection , was firmly grounded in John_Wesley sacramental theology .
eos John_Wesley evangelical theology , especially John_Wesley understanding of Christian perfection , was firmly grounded in John_Wesley sacramental theology . John_Wesley continually insisted on the general use of the means of grace ( prayer , Scripture meditation , and Holy Communion , etc . ) as the means by which God transformed the believer . Throughout
eos John_Wesley evangelical theology , especially John_Wesley understanding of Christian perfection , was firmly grounded in John_Wesley sacramental theology . John_Wesley continually insisted on the general use of the means of grace ( prayer , Scripture meditation , and Holy Communion , etc . ) as the means by which God transformed the believer . Throughout John_Wesley life ,
eos John_Wesley evangelical theology , especially John_Wesley understanding of Christian perfection , was firmly grounded in John_Wesley sacramental theology . John_Wesley continually insisted on the general use of the means of grace ( prayer , Scripture meditation , and Holy Communion , etc . ) as the means by which God transformed the believer . Throughout John_Wesley life , John_Wesley remained within the Church of England and John_Wesley insisted that
eos John_Wesley continually insisted on the general use of the means of grace ( prayer , Scripture meditation , and Holy Communion , etc . ) as the means by which God transformed the believer . Throughout John_Wesley life , John_Wesley remained within the Church of England and John_Wesley insisted that John_Wesley movement was well within the bounds of the Anglican Church .
eos John_Wesley continually insisted on the general use of the means of grace ( prayer , Scripture meditation , and Holy Communion , etc . ) as the means by which God transformed the believer . Throughout John_Wesley life , John_Wesley remained within the Church of England and John_Wesley insisted that John_Wesley movement was well within the bounds of the Anglican Church . John_Wesley maverick use of church policy put
eos John_Wesley continually insisted on the general use of the means of grace ( prayer , Scripture meditation , and Holy Communion , etc . ) as the means by which God transformed the believer . Throughout John_Wesley life , John_Wesley remained within the Church of England and John_Wesley insisted that John_Wesley movement was well within the bounds of the Anglican Church . John_Wesley maverick use of church policy put John_Wesley at odds with many within the Church of England , though toward the end of
eos Throughout John_Wesley life , John_Wesley remained within the Church of England and John_Wesley insisted that John_Wesley movement was well within the bounds of the Anglican Church . John_Wesley maverick use of church policy put John_Wesley at odds with many within the Church of England , though toward the end of John_Wesley life
eos 
eos Joseph_E._Stiglitz ( born february 9 , 1943 ) is an American economist and a member of Columbia University faculty .
eos Joseph_E._Stiglitz ( born february 9 , 1943 ) is an American economist and a member of Columbia University faculty . Joseph_E._Stiglitz is a recipient of the John Bates Clark Medal ( 1979 ) and the Nobel Prize in Economics ( 2001 ) . Former Senior Vice President and Chief Economist of the World Bank ,
eos Joseph_E._Stiglitz ( born february 9 , 1943 ) is an American economist and a member of Columbia University faculty . Joseph_E._Stiglitz is a recipient of the John Bates Clark Medal ( 1979 ) and the Nobel Prize in Economics ( 2001 ) . Former Senior Vice President and Chief Economist of the World Bank , Joseph_E._Stiglitz is famous for
eos Joseph_E._Stiglitz is a recipient of the John Bates Clark Medal ( 1979 ) and the Nobel Prize in Economics ( 2001 ) . Former Senior Vice President and Chief Economist of the World Bank , Joseph_E._Stiglitz is famous for Joseph_E._Stiglitz critical view of globalization and international institutions like the International Monetary Fund or the World Bank . In 2000
eos Former Senior Vice President and Chief Economist of the World Bank , Joseph_E._Stiglitz is famous for Joseph_E._Stiglitz critical view of globalization and international institutions like the International Monetary Fund or the World Bank . In 2000 Joseph_E._Stiglitz founded the Initiative for Policy Dialogue ( IPD ) , a think tank on international development based at Columbia University . Since 2001
eos In 2000 Joseph_E._Stiglitz founded the Initiative for Policy Dialogue ( IPD ) , a think tank on international development based at Columbia University . Since 2001 Joseph_E._Stiglitz has been a member of the Columbia faculty , and Joseph_E._Stiglitz has held the rank of University Professor since 2003 .
eos 
eos Joseph_Lister_1st_Baron_Lister , 1st Baron Lister , OM , FRS ( 5 april 1827 , Upton , Essex -10 february 1912 ) was an English surgeon
eos Joseph_Lister_1st_Baron_Lister , 1st Baron Lister , OM , FRS ( 5 april 1827 , Upton , Essex -10 february 1912 ) was an English surgeon Joseph_Lister_1st_Baron_Lister promoted the idea of sterile surgery while working at the Glasgow Royal Infirmary .
eos 
eos Joseph_Stalin ( "" Georgian : იოსებ ჯუღაშვილი "" ; "" Russian : Ио́сиф Виссарио́нович Джугашвили "" , Iosif Vissarionovich Dzhugashvili december 18 , 1878 - march 5 , 1953 ) , better known by the adopted name of Joseph Stalin , alternatively transliterated Josef Stalin , was the de facto leader and in the Western view , dictator of the Soviet Union from about 1928 to
eos Joseph_Stalin ( "" Georgian : იოსებ ჯუღაშვილი "" ; "" Russian : Ио́сиф Виссарио́нович Джугашвили "" , Iosif Vissarionovich Dzhugashvili december 18 , 1878 - march 5 , 1953 ) , better known by the adopted name of Joseph Stalin , alternatively transliterated Josef Stalin , was the de facto leader and in the Western view , dictator of the Soviet Union from about 1928 to Joseph_Stalin death in 1953 .
eos Joseph_Stalin ( "" Georgian : იოსებ ჯუღაშვილი "" ; "" Russian : Ио́сиф Виссарио́нович Джугашвили "" , Iosif Vissarionovich Dzhugashvili december 18 , 1878 - march 5 , 1953 ) , better known by the adopted name of Joseph Stalin , alternatively transliterated Josef Stalin , was the de facto leader and in the Western view , dictator of the Soviet Union from about 1928 to Joseph_Stalin death in 1953 . Joseph_Stalin held the title General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union ( 1922 - 1953 ) , a position that did not originally have significant influence , but through
eos Joseph_Stalin ( "" Georgian : იოსებ ჯუღაშვილი "" ; "" Russian : Ио́сиф Виссарио́нович Джугашвили "" , Iosif Vissarionovich Dzhugashvili december 18 , 1878 - march 5 , 1953 ) , better known by the adopted name of Joseph Stalin , alternatively transliterated Josef Stalin , was the de facto leader and in the Western view , dictator of the Soviet Union from about 1928 to Joseph_Stalin death in 1953 . Joseph_Stalin held the title General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union ( 1922 - 1953 ) , a position that did not originally have significant influence , but through Joseph_Stalin ascendancy , became that of party leader . Between 1934 and 1953 that position was , nominally , just one of several Central Committee Secretaries , but
eos 
eos 11 May 1929 , Wilkes - Barre , Pennsylvania ) was a Slovak inventor , architect , botanist , painter , patriot , and Roman Catholic pastor .
eos Wilkes - Barre , Pennsylvania ) was a Slovak inventor , architect , botanist , painter , patriot , and Roman Catholic pastor . Jozef_Murgas contributed to wireless telegraphy and Jozef_Murgas help develop mobile communications and wireless transmission of information and human voice .
eos 
eos Juergen_Habermas ( born june 18 , 1929 in Düsseldorf ) is a German philosopher and sociologist in the tradition of critical theory and American pragmatism , best known for
eos Juergen_Habermas ( born june 18 , 1929 in Düsseldorf ) is a German philosopher and sociologist in the tradition of critical theory and American pragmatism , best known for Juergen_Habermas concept of the public sphere based in
eos Juergen_Habermas ( born june 18 , 1929 in Düsseldorf ) is a German philosopher and sociologist in the tradition of critical theory and American pragmatism , best known for Juergen_Habermas concept of the public sphere based in Juergen_Habermas theory and pragmatics of communicative action .
eos Juergen_Habermas ( born june 18 , 1929 in Düsseldorf ) is a German philosopher and sociologist in the tradition of critical theory and American pragmatism , best known for Juergen_Habermas concept of the public sphere based in Juergen_Habermas theory and pragmatics of communicative action . Juergen_Habermas work , sometimes labeled as Neo - Marxist , focuses on the foundations of social theory and epistemology ; the analysis of advanced capitalist industrial society and of democracy ; the rule of law in a critical social - evolutionary context ; and contemporary - especially German - politics .
eos 
eos Julia_Kristeva ( "" Bulgarian : Юлия Кръстева "" ) ( born 24 june 1941 ) is a Bulgarian - French philosopher , psychoanalyst , feminist , and , most recently , novelist ,
eos Julia_Kristeva ( "" Bulgarian : Юлия Кръстева "" ) ( born 24 june 1941 ) is a Bulgarian - French philosopher , psychoanalyst , feminist , and , most recently , novelist , Julia_Kristeva has lived in France since the mid-1960s .
eos Julia_Kristeva ( "" Bulgarian : Юлия Кръстева "" ) ( born 24 june 1941 ) is a Bulgarian - French philosopher , psychoanalyst , feminist , and , most recently , novelist , Julia_Kristeva has lived in France since the mid-1960s . Julia_Kristeva works have an important place in post - structuralist thought . Born in Sliven , Bulgaria ,
eos Julia_Kristeva ( "" Bulgarian : Юлия Кръстева "" ) ( born 24 june 1941 ) is a Bulgarian - French philosopher , psychoanalyst , feminist , and , most recently , novelist , Julia_Kristeva has lived in France since the mid-1960s . Julia_Kristeva works have an important place in post - structuralist thought . Born in Sliven , Bulgaria , Julia_Kristeva moved to France in december 1965 , when
eos Julia_Kristeva works have an important place in post - structuralist thought . Born in Sliven , Bulgaria , Julia_Kristeva moved to France in december 1965 , when Julia_Kristeva was 24 , escaping Stalinist Bulgarian communism .
eos Julia_Kristeva works have an important place in post - structuralist thought . Born in Sliven , Bulgaria , Julia_Kristeva moved to France in december 1965 , when Julia_Kristeva was 24 , escaping Stalinist Bulgarian communism . Julia_Kristeva continued
eos Born in Sliven , Bulgaria , Julia_Kristeva moved to France in december 1965 , when Julia_Kristeva was 24 , escaping Stalinist Bulgarian communism . Julia_Kristeva continued Julia_Kristeva education at several French universities .
eos Julia_Kristeva continued Julia_Kristeva education at several French universities . Julia_Kristeva arrived there just in time to experience the rapidly waning influence of structuralism , which was being challenged by Michel Foucault and Jacques Derrida , among others . In some ways ,
eos Julia_Kristeva arrived there just in time to experience the rapidly waning influence of structuralism , which was being challenged by Michel Foucault and Jacques Derrida , among others . In some ways , Julia_Kristeva work can be seen as trying to adapt a psychoanalytic approach to these poststructuralist critiques .
eos Julia_Kristeva arrived there just in time to experience the rapidly waning influence of structuralism , which was being challenged by Michel Foucault and Jacques Derrida , among others . In some ways , Julia_Kristeva work can be seen as trying to adapt a psychoanalytic approach to these poststructuralist critiques . Julia_Kristeva travelled to China in the 1970s and Julia_Kristeva wrote About Chinese Women ( 1977 ) about
eos In some ways , Julia_Kristeva work can be seen as trying to adapt a psychoanalytic approach to these poststructuralist critiques . Julia_Kristeva travelled to China in the 1970s and Julia_Kristeva wrote About Chinese Women ( 1977 ) about Julia_Kristeva experiences . For example ,
eos Julia_Kristeva travelled to China in the 1970s and Julia_Kristeva wrote About Chinese Women ( 1977 ) about Julia_Kristeva experiences . For example , Julia_Kristeva view of the subject , and its construction , shares many similarities with Sigmund Freud and Jacques Lacan . However ,
eos For example , Julia_Kristeva view of the subject , and its construction , shares many similarities with Sigmund Freud and Jacques Lacan . However , Julia_Kristeva rejects any formal systematical ( or structuralist ) understanding of the subject in favor of a subject perpetually ` ` in process '' or ` ` in crisis . '' In this way ,
eos However , Julia_Kristeva rejects any formal systematical ( or structuralist ) understanding of the subject in favor of a subject perpetually ` ` in process '' or ` ` in crisis . '' In this way , Julia_Kristeva contributes to the poststructuralist critique of essentialized structures , while preserving a psychoanalytic approach . One of
eos However , Julia_Kristeva rejects any formal systematical ( or structuralist ) understanding of the subject in favor of a subject perpetually ` ` in process '' or ` ` in crisis . '' In this way , Julia_Kristeva contributes to the poststructuralist critique of essentialized structures , while preserving a psychoanalytic approach . One of Julia_Kristeva most important propositions is
eos In this way , Julia_Kristeva contributes to the poststructuralist critique of essentialized structures , while preserving a psychoanalytic approach . One of Julia_Kristeva most important propositions is Julia_Kristeva idea of the semiotic .
eos One of Julia_Kristeva most important propositions is Julia_Kristeva idea of the semiotic . Julia_Kristeva use of the term ` semiotic ' here should not be confused with the discipline of semiotics suggested by Ferdinand de Saussure . For
eos It is an emotional force , tied to our instincts , which exists in the fissures and prosody of language rather than in the denotative meanings of words . In this sense , the semiotic is opposed to the symbolic , which refers to a more denotative mathematical correspondence of words to meaning .
eos It is an emotional force , tied to our instincts , which exists in the fissures and prosody of language rather than in the denotative meanings of words . In this sense , the semiotic is opposed to the symbolic , which refers to a more denotative mathematical correspondence of words to meaning . Julia_Kristeva is also noted for
eos In this sense , the semiotic is opposed to the symbolic , which refers to a more denotative mathematical correspondence of words to meaning . Julia_Kristeva is also noted for Julia_Kristeva work on the concepts of abjection and intertextuality .
eos 
eos Julie_Andrews , DBE ( born october 1 , 1935 ) is an Emmy , Grammy and Academy Award - winning English actress , singer , and author ,
eos Julie_Andrews , DBE ( born october 1 , 1935 ) is an Emmy , Grammy and Academy Award - winning English actress , singer , and author , Julie_Andrews became famous for
eos Julie_Andrews , DBE ( born october 1 , 1935 ) is an Emmy , Grammy and Academy Award - winning English actress , singer , and author , Julie_Andrews became famous for Julie_Andrews starring roles in the Broadway musical My Fair Lady and the musical films Mary Poppins ( 1964 ) and The Sound of Music ( 1965 ) . Currently ,
eos My Fair Lady and the musical films Mary Poppins ( 1964 ) and The Sound of Music ( 1965 ) . Currently , Julie_Andrews is the Official Ambassador of the Happiest Homecoming on Earth for Disneyland and Julie_Andrews recently made
eos 
eos Julius_Caesar ( IPA : "" IPA : "" ˈgaːius ˈjuːlius ˈkaisar "" "" ;) , july 12 or july 13 , 100 BC - march 15 , 44 BC ) was a Roman military and political leader and one of the most influential men in world history .
eos Julius_Caesar ( IPA : "" IPA : "" ˈgaːius ˈjuːlius ˈkaisar "" "" ;) , july 12 or july 13 , 100 BC - march 15 , 44 BC ) was a Roman military and political leader and one of the most influential men in world history . Julius_Caesar played a critical role in the transformation of the Roman Republic into what became the Roman Empire after
eos "" IPA : "" ˈgaːius ˈjuːlius ˈkaisar "" "" ;) , july 12 or july 13 , 100 BC - march 15 , 44 BC ) was a Roman military and political leader and one of the most influential men in world history . Julius_Caesar played a critical role in the transformation of the Roman Republic into what became the Roman Empire after Julius_Caesar death .
eos "" IPA : "" ˈgaːius ˈjuːlius ˈkaisar "" "" ;) , july 12 or july 13 , 100 BC - march 15 , 44 BC ) was a Roman military and political leader and one of the most influential men in world history . Julius_Caesar played a critical role in the transformation of the Roman Republic into what became the Roman Empire after Julius_Caesar death . Julius_Caesar conquest of Gaul extended the Roman world all the way to the Atlantic Ocean , and
eos Julius_Caesar played a critical role in the transformation of the Roman Republic into what became the Roman Empire after Julius_Caesar death . Julius_Caesar conquest of Gaul extended the Roman world all the way to the Atlantic Ocean , and Julius_Caesar was also responsible for the first Roman invasion of Britain in 55 BC .
eos Julius_Caesar played a critical role in the transformation of the Roman Republic into what became the Roman Empire after Julius_Caesar death . Julius_Caesar conquest of Gaul extended the Roman world all the way to the Atlantic Ocean , and Julius_Caesar was also responsible for the first Roman invasion of Britain in 55 BC . Julius_Caesar was widely considered to be one of the foremost military geniuses of
eos Julius_Caesar conquest of Gaul extended the Roman world all the way to the Atlantic Ocean , and Julius_Caesar was also responsible for the first Roman invasion of Britain in 55 BC . Julius_Caesar was widely considered to be one of the foremost military geniuses of Julius_Caesar time , as well as a brilliant politician and one of the ancient world 's strongest leaders . Leading
eos Julius_Caesar was widely considered to be one of the foremost military geniuses of Julius_Caesar time , as well as a brilliant politician and one of the ancient world 's strongest leaders . Leading Julius_Caesar legions across the Rubicon , Julius_Caesar sparked civil war in 49 BC that left
eos Julius_Caesar was widely considered to be one of the foremost military geniuses of Julius_Caesar time , as well as a brilliant politician and one of the ancient world 's strongest leaders . Leading Julius_Caesar legions across the Rubicon ,
eos Leading Julius_Caesar legions across the Rubicon , Julius_Caesar sparked civil war in 49 BC that left Julius_Caesar the undisputed master of the Roman world . After assuming control of the government ,
eos , Julius_Caesar sparked civil war in 49 BC that left Julius_Caesar the undisputed master of the Roman world . After assuming control of the government , Julius_Caesar began extensive reforms of Roman society and government .
eos , Julius_Caesar sparked civil war in 49 BC that left Julius_Caesar the undisputed master of the Roman world . After assuming control of the government , Julius_Caesar began extensive reforms of Roman society and government . Julius_Caesar was proclaimed dictator for life , and
eos After assuming control of the government , Julius_Caesar began extensive reforms of Roman society and government . Julius_Caesar was proclaimed dictator for life , and Julius_Caesar heavily centralized the bureaucracy of the Republic . This forced the hand of a friend of
eos After assuming control of the government , Julius_Caesar began extensive reforms of Roman society and government . Julius_Caesar was proclaimed dictator for life , and Julius_Caesar heavily centralized the bureaucracy of the Republic . This forced the hand of a friend of Julius_Caesar , Marcus Junius Brutus , who then conspired with others to murder
eos This forced the hand of a friend of Julius_Caesar , Marcus Junius Brutus , who then conspired with others to murder Julius_Caesar and restore the Republic . This dramatic assassination occurred on the Ides of march ( march 15th ) in 44 BC and led to another Roman civil war . In 42 BC , two years after
eos This forced the hand of a friend of Julius_Caesar , Marcus Junius Brutus , who then conspired with others to murder Julius_Caesar and restore the Republic . This dramatic assassination occurred on the Ides of march ( march 15th ) in 44 BC and led to another Roman civil war . In 42 BC , two years after Julius_Caesar assassination , the Roman Senate officially sanctified
eos This dramatic assassination occurred on the Ides of march ( march 15th ) in 44 BC and led to another Roman civil war . In 42 BC , two years after Julius_Caesar assassination , the Roman Senate officially sanctified Julius_Caesar as one of the Roman deities .
eos This dramatic assassination occurred on the Ides of march ( march 15th ) in 44 BC and led to another Roman civil war . In 42 BC , two years after Julius_Caesar assassination , the Roman Senate officially sanctified Julius_Caesar as one of the Roman deities . Julius_Caesar military campaigns are known in detail from
eos This dramatic assassination occurred on the Ides of march ( march 15th ) in 44 BC and led to another Roman civil war . In 42 BC , two years after Julius_Caesar assassination , the Roman Senate officially sanctified Julius_Caesar as one of the Roman deities . Julius_Caesar military campaigns are known in detail from Julius_Caesar own written Commentaries ( Commentarii ) , and many details of
eos In 42 BC , two years after Julius_Caesar assassination , the Roman Senate officially sanctified Julius_Caesar as one of the Roman deities . Julius_Caesar military campaigns are known in detail from Julius_Caesar own written Commentaries ( Commentarii ) , and many details of Julius_Caesar life are recorded by later historians , such as Appian , Suetonius , Plutarch , Cassius Dio and Strabo . Other information can be gleaned from other contemporary sources , such as the letters and speeches of
eos 
eos Justinian_I ( Latin : Flavius Petrus Sabbatius Iustinianus , Greek : Ιουστινιανός ; May 11 , 483-november 13 , 565 ) was Eastern Roman Emperor from august 1 , 527 until
eos ( Latin : Flavius Petrus Sabbatius Iustinianus , Greek : Ιουστινιανός ; May 11 , 483-november 13 , 565 ) was Eastern Roman Emperor from august 1 , 527 until Justinian_I death . One of the most important rulers of Late Antiquity ,
eos ( Latin : Flavius Petrus Sabbatius Iustinianus , Greek : Ιουστινιανός ; May 11 , 483-november 13 , 565 ) was Eastern Roman Emperor from august 1 , 527 until Justinian_I death . One of the most important rulers of Late Antiquity , Justinian_I is best remembered for
eos ( Latin : Flavius Petrus Sabbatius Iustinianus , Greek : Ιουστινιανός ; May 11 , 483-november 13 , 565 ) was Eastern Roman Emperor from august 1 , 527 until Justinian_I death . One of the most important rulers of Late Antiquity , Justinian_I is best remembered for Justinian_I reform of the legal code through the commission of Tribonian , the military expansion of imperial territory that was achieved during
eos ( Latin : Flavius Petrus Sabbatius Iustinianus , Greek : Ιουστινιανός ; May 11 , 483-november 13 , 565 ) was Eastern Roman Emperor from august 1 , 527 until Justinian_I death . One of the most important rulers of Late Antiquity , Justinian_I is best remembered for Justinian_I reform of the legal code through the commission of Tribonian , the military expansion of imperial territory that was achieved during Justinian_I reign , primarily through the campaigns of Belisarius , and
eos ( Latin : Flavius Petrus Sabbatius Iustinianus , Greek : Ιουστινιανός ; May 11 , 483-november 13 , 565 ) was Eastern Roman Emperor from august 1 , 527 until Justinian_I death . One of the most important rulers of Late Antiquity , Justinian_I is best remembered for Justinian_I reform of the legal code through the commission of Tribonian , the military expansion of imperial territory that was achieved during Justinian_I reign , primarily through the campaigns of Belisarius , and Justinian_I marriage and partnership with
eos Greek : Ιουστινιανός ; May 11 , 483-november 13 , 565 ) was Eastern Roman Emperor from august 1 , 527 until Justinian_I death . One of the most important rulers of Late Antiquity , Justinian_I is best remembered for Justinian_I reform of the legal code through the commission of Tribonian , the military expansion of imperial territory that was achieved during Justinian_I reign , primarily through the campaigns of Belisarius , and Justinian_I marriage and partnership with Justinian_I wife Empress Theodora .
eos Justinian_I is also known as ` ` The last Roman Emperor '' and Justinian_I was the emperor who reconquered the city of Rome from the Ostrogoths .
eos 
eos Justus_von_Liebig ( May 12 , 1803 in Darmstadt , Germany - april 18 , 1873 in Munich , Germany ) was a German chemist
eos Justus_von_Liebig ( May 12 , 1803 in Darmstadt , Germany - april 18 , 1873 in Munich , Germany ) was a German chemist Justus_von_Liebig made major contributions to agricultural and biological chemistry , and Justus_von_Liebig worked on the organization of organic chemistry . As a professor ,
eos Justus_von_Liebig ( May 12 , 1803 in Darmstadt , Germany - april 18 , 1873 in Munich , Germany ) was a German chemist Justus_von_Liebig made major contributions to agricultural and biological chemistry , and Justus_von_Liebig worked on the organization of organic chemistry . As a professor , Justus_von_Liebig devised the modern laboratory - oriented teaching method , and for such innovations ,
eos Justus_von_Liebig ( May 12 , 1803 in Darmstadt , Germany - april 18 , 1873 in Munich , Germany ) was a German chemist Justus_von_Liebig made major contributions to agricultural and biological chemistry , and Justus_von_Liebig worked on the organization of organic chemistry . As a professor , Justus_von_Liebig devised the modern laboratory - oriented teaching method , and for such innovations , Justus_von_Liebig is regarded as one of the greatest chemistry teachers of all time .
eos Justus_von_Liebig ( May 12 , 1803 in Darmstadt , Germany - april 18 , 1873 in Munich , Germany ) was a German chemist Justus_von_Liebig made major contributions to agricultural and biological chemistry , and Justus_von_Liebig worked on the organization of organic chemistry . As a professor , Justus_von_Liebig devised the modern laboratory - oriented teaching method , and for such innovations , Justus_von_Liebig is regarded as one of the greatest chemistry teachers of all time . Justus_von_Liebig is known as the ` ` father of the fertilizer industry '' for
eos Justus_von_Liebig ( May 12 , 1803 in Darmstadt , Germany - april 18 , 1873 in Munich , Germany ) was a German chemist Justus_von_Liebig made major contributions to agricultural and biological chemistry , and Justus_von_Liebig worked on the organization of organic chemistry . As a professor , Justus_von_Liebig devised the modern laboratory - oriented teaching method , and for such innovations , Justus_von_Liebig is regarded as one of the greatest chemistry teachers of all time . Justus_von_Liebig is known as the ` ` father of the fertilizer industry '' for Justus_von_Liebig discovery of nitrogen as an essential plant nutrient , and
eos As a professor , Justus_von_Liebig devised the modern laboratory - oriented teaching method , and for such innovations , Justus_von_Liebig is regarded as one of the greatest chemistry teachers of all time . Justus_von_Liebig is known as the ` ` father of the fertilizer industry '' for Justus_von_Liebig discovery of nitrogen as an essential plant nutrient , and Justus_von_Liebig formulation of the Law of the Minimum which described the effect of individual nutrients on crops .
eos 
eos 
eos Kemal_Dervis is a Turkish economist and politician .
eos Kemal_Dervis is a Turkish economist and politician . Kemal_Dervis was born on january 10 , 1949 in Istanbul to a Turkish father and a German mother . As Minister for Economic Affairs in Turkey when Bülent Ecevit was prime minister ,
eos Kemal_Dervis was born on january 10 , 1949 in Istanbul to a Turkish father and a German mother . As Minister for Economic Affairs in Turkey when Bülent Ecevit was prime minister , Kemal_Dervis was the architect of Turkey 's successful three - year economic recovery program launched in 2001 . Before being named to head the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) ,
eos As Minister for Economic Affairs in Turkey when Bülent Ecevit was prime minister , Kemal_Dervis was the architect of Turkey 's successful three - year economic recovery program launched in 2001 . Before being named to head the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) , Kemal_Dervis was a member of the Turkish parliament , and a member of the joint commission of the Turkish and European parliaments .
eos Before being named to head the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) , Kemal_Dervis was a member of the Turkish parliament , and a member of the joint commission of the Turkish and European parliaments . Kemal_Dervis previously was a member of the European Constitutional Convention .
eos Before being named to head the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) , Kemal_Dervis was a member of the Turkish parliament , and a member of the joint commission of the Turkish and European parliaments . Kemal_Dervis previously was a member of the European Constitutional Convention . Kemal_Dervis was named by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan to be the head of the UNDP on april 26,2005 , and Kemal_Dervis has started
eos Kemal_Dervis previously was a member of the European Constitutional Convention . Kemal_Dervis was named by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan to be the head of the UNDP on april 26,2005 , and Kemal_Dervis has started Kemal_Dervis four - year term on august 15 , 2005 .
eos Kemal_Dervis was named by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan to be the head of the UNDP on april 26,2005 , and Kemal_Dervis has started Kemal_Dervis four - year term on august 15 , 2005 . Kemal_Dervis is also the Chair of the United Nations Development Group , a committee consisting of the heads of all UN funds , programmes and departments working on development issues .
eos 
eos Kenichi_Ohmae ( born february 21 , 1943 ) is one of the world 's leading business and corporate strategists .
eos The Competitors Only by integrating these three C 's ( Corporation , Customer , Competitors ) in a strategic triangle , a sustained competitive advantage can exist .
eos 
eos King_Arthur is an important figure in the mythology of Great Britain , where
eos King_Arthur is an important figure in the mythology of Great Britain , where King_Arthur appears as the ideal of kingship both in war and peace .
eos King_Arthur is an important figure in the mythology of Great Britain , where King_Arthur appears as the ideal of kingship both in war and peace . King_Arthur is the central character in the cycle of legends known as the Matter of Britain . There is disagreement about whether
eos King_Arthur is an important figure in the mythology of Great Britain , where King_Arthur appears as the ideal of kingship both in war and peace . King_Arthur is the central character in the cycle of legends known as the Matter of Britain . There is disagreement about whether King_Arthur , or a model for
eos King_Arthur is the central character in the cycle of legends known as the Matter of Britain . There is disagreement about whether King_Arthur , or a model for King_Arthur , ever actually existed . In the earliest mentions and in Welsh texts ,
eos There is disagreement about whether King_Arthur , or a model for King_Arthur , ever actually existed . In the earliest mentions and in Welsh texts , King_Arthur is never given the title ` King ' . An early text refers to
eos There is disagreement about whether King_Arthur , or a model for King_Arthur , ever actually existed . In the earliest mentions and in Welsh texts , King_Arthur is never given the title ` King ' . An early text refers to King_Arthur as a dux bellorum ( ` war leader ' ) , and medieval Welsh texts often call
eos 
eos 
eos Kurt_Browning ( born june 18 , 1966 ) is a prominent Canadian figure skater
eos Kurt_Browning ( born june 18 , 1966 ) is a prominent Canadian figure skater Kurt_Browning was extremely popular during the late 1980s and 1990s .
eos Kurt_Browning was extremely popular during the late 1980s and 1990s . Kurt_Browning was born in Rocky Mountain House , Alberta and raised in Caroline , Alberta .
eos Kurt_Browning married Sonia Rodriguez , a principal dancer with the National Ballet of Canada , on june 30 , 1996 . Their son Gabriel was born on july 12 , 2003 .
eos Their son Gabriel was born on july 12 , 2003 . Kurt_Browning was a four - time Canadian figure skating champion and four - time World Champion .
eos 1992 ( 6th ) and 1994 ( 5th ) , and Kurt_Browning was given the privilege of carrying the Canadian flag during the opening ceremonies of the 1994 games in Lillehammer , Norway .
eos ( 5th ) , and Kurt_Browning was given the privilege of carrying the Canadian flag during the opening ceremonies of the 1994 games in Lillehammer , Norway . Kurt_Browning other achievements are numerous , including three Canadian Professional Championships , three World Professional Championships , a Lou Marsh Award for top Canadian Athlete ( in 1990 ) , Lionel Conacher Award winner ( 1990 and 1991 ) , Order of Canada recipient ( in 1990 ) , an American Skating World Professional Skater of the Year Award ( in 1998 ) , and a Gustav Lussi Award from the Professional Skaters ' Association ( in 2001 ) . Kurt_Browning is famous for
eos ( 5th ) , and Kurt_Browning was given the privilege of carrying the Canadian flag during the opening ceremonies of the 1994 games in Lillehammer , Norway . Kurt_Browning other achievements are numerous , including three Canadian Professional Championships , three World Professional Championships , a Lou Marsh Award for top Canadian Athlete ( in 1990 ) , Lionel Conacher Award winner ( 1990 and 1991 ) , Order of Canada recipient ( in 1990 ) , an American Skating World Professional Skater of the Year Award ( in 1998 ) , and a Gustav Lussi Award from the Professional Skaters ' Association ( in 2001 ) .
eos Kurt_Browning other achievements are numerous , including three Canadian Professional Championships , three World Professional Championships , a Lou Marsh Award for top Canadian Athlete ( in 1990 ) , Lionel Conacher Award winner ( 1990 and 1991 ) , Order of Canada recipient ( in 1990 ) , an American Skating World Professional Skater of the Year Award ( in 1998 ) , and a Gustav Lussi Award from the Professional Skaters ' Association ( in 2001 ) . Kurt_Browning is famous for Kurt_Browning amazing footwork . On march 25 , 1988 , at the 1988 World Championships in Budapest , Hungary ,
eos On march 25 , 1988 , at the 1988 World Championships in Budapest , Hungary , Kurt_Browning landed the first quadruple jump ever in competition . This accomplishment is listed in the Guinness Book of Records .
eos This accomplishment is listed in the Guinness Book of Records . Kurt_Browning was inducted into Canada 's Sports Hall of Fame in 1994 and Canada 's Figure Skating Hall of Fame in 2000 .
eos Kurt_Browning was inducted into Canada 's Sports Hall of Fame in 1994 and Canada 's Figure Skating Hall of Fame in 2000 . Kurt_Browning was honoured with a star on Fame in 2001 .
eos 
eos Lawrence_Lessig ( born june 3 , 1961 in South Dakota ) is an American academic .
eos Lawrence_Lessig ( born june 3 , 1961 in South Dakota ) is an American academic . Lawrence_Lessig is currently professor of law at Stanford Law School and founder of its Center for Internet and Society .
eos 
eos Le_Corbusier , widely known as Le Corbusier ( october 6 , 1887 - august 27 , 1965 ) , was a French Swiss born architect , famous for
eos Le_Corbusier , widely known as Le Corbusier ( october 6 , 1887 - august 27 , 1965 ) , was a French Swiss born architect , famous for Le_Corbusier contributions to what is now called modernism , or the International Style .
eos Le_Corbusier , widely known as Le Corbusier ( october 6 , 1887 - august 27 , 1965 ) , was a French Swiss born architect , famous for Le_Corbusier contributions to what is now called modernism , or the International Style . Le_Corbusier was a pioneer in theoretical studies of modern design and Le_Corbusier was dedicated to providing better living conditions for the residents of crowded cities .
eos Le_Corbusier was a pioneer in theoretical studies of modern design and Le_Corbusier was dedicated to providing better living conditions for the residents of crowded cities . Le_Corbusier career spanned five decades , with iconic buildings constructed across central Europe , India , Russia , and one structure each in North and South America .
eos 
eos Leonard_Cohen , CC ( born september 21 , 1934 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian poet , novelist , and singer - songwriter .
eos Leonard_Cohen , CC ( born september 21 , 1934 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian poet , novelist , and singer - songwriter . Leonard_Cohen began
eos Leonard_Cohen , CC ( born september 21 , 1934 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian poet , novelist , and singer - songwriter . Leonard_Cohen began Leonard_Cohen career in literature , publishing
eos Leonard_Cohen , CC ( born september 21 , 1934 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian poet , novelist , and singer - songwriter . Leonard_Cohen began Leonard_Cohen career in literature , publishing Leonard_Cohen first book of poetry in Montreal in 1956 and
eos Leonard_Cohen , CC ( born september 21 , 1934 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian poet , novelist , and singer - songwriter . Leonard_Cohen began Leonard_Cohen career in literature , publishing Leonard_Cohen first book of poetry in Montreal in 1956 and Leonard_Cohen first novel in 1963 . Following
eos Leonard_Cohen , CC ( born september 21 , 1934 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian poet , novelist , and singer - songwriter . Leonard_Cohen began Leonard_Cohen career in literature , publishing Leonard_Cohen first book of poetry in Montreal in 1956 and Leonard_Cohen first novel in 1963 . Following Leonard_Cohen breakthrough in the music industry in the late 1960s ,
eos Leonard_Cohen began Leonard_Cohen career in literature , publishing Leonard_Cohen first book of poetry in Montreal in 1956 and Leonard_Cohen first novel in 1963 . Following Leonard_Cohen breakthrough in the music industry in the late 1960s , Leonard_Cohen became one of the most distinguished and influential songwriters of the late twentieth century . Musically ,
eos Leonard_Cohen began Leonard_Cohen career in literature , publishing Leonard_Cohen first book of poetry in Montreal in 1956 and Leonard_Cohen first novel in 1963 . Following Leonard_Cohen breakthrough in the music industry in the late 1960s , Leonard_Cohen became one of the most distinguished and influential songwriters of the late twentieth century . Musically , Leonard_Cohen early songs are based in folk music , both for melodies and instrumentation , but , beginning in the 1970s ,
eos Following Leonard_Cohen breakthrough in the music industry in the late 1960s , Leonard_Cohen became one of the most distinguished and influential songwriters of the late twentieth century . Musically , Leonard_Cohen early songs are based in folk music , both for melodies and instrumentation , but , beginning in the 1970s , Leonard_Cohen work shows the influence of various types of popular music and cabaret music . Since the 1980s
eos Musically , Leonard_Cohen early songs are based in folk music , both for melodies and instrumentation , but , beginning in the 1970s , Leonard_Cohen work shows the influence of various types of popular music and cabaret music . Since the 1980s Leonard_Cohen typically has sung in a baritone register , with synthesizers and female backing vocals .
eos Since the 1980s Leonard_Cohen typically has sung in a baritone register , with synthesizers and female backing vocals . Leonard_Cohen songs are often emotionally heavy and lyrically complex , owing more to the metaphoric word play of poetry than to the conventions of song craft .
eos Leonard_Cohen songs are often emotionally heavy and lyrically complex , owing more to the metaphoric word play of poetry than to the conventions of song craft . Leonard_Cohen work often explores the themes of religion , isolation , sex , and complex interpersonal relationships .
eos Leonard_Cohen songs are often emotionally heavy and lyrically complex , owing more to the metaphoric word play of poetry than to the conventions of song craft . Leonard_Cohen work often explores the themes of religion , isolation , sex , and complex interpersonal relationships . Leonard_Cohen music has become very influential on other singer - songwriters , and more than a thousand cover versions of
eos Leonard_Cohen work often explores the themes of religion , isolation , sex , and complex interpersonal relationships . Leonard_Cohen music has become very influential on other singer - songwriters , and more than a thousand cover versions of Leonard_Cohen work have been recorded .
eos Leonard_Cohen work often explores the themes of religion , isolation , sex , and complex interpersonal relationships . Leonard_Cohen music has become very influential on other singer - songwriters , and more than a thousand cover versions of Leonard_Cohen work have been recorded . Leonard_Cohen is iconic in
eos Leonard_Cohen music has become very influential on other singer - songwriters , and more than a thousand cover versions of Leonard_Cohen work have been recorded . Leonard_Cohen is iconic in Leonard_Cohen native land , having been inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame and the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame .
eos 
eos ( Basel , Switzerland , april 15 , 1707 - St Petersburg , Russia , september 18 , 1783 ) was a Swiss mathematician and physicist .
eos - St Petersburg , Russia , september 18 , 1783 ) was a Swiss mathematician and physicist . Leonhard_Euler made important discoveries in fields as diverse as calculus , number theory , and topology .
eos Leonhard_Euler made important discoveries in fields as diverse as calculus , number theory , and topology . Leonhard_Euler also introduced much of the modern mathematical terminology and notation , particularly for mathematical analysis , such as the notion of a mathematical function . A statement attributed to Pierre - Simon Laplace expresses
eos A statement attributed to Pierre - Simon Laplace expresses Leonhard_Euler influence on mathematics : ` ` Read Euler , read Euler , he is a master for us all '' .
eos ` ` Read Euler , read Euler , he is a master for us all '' . Leonhard_Euler was featured on the sixth series of the Swiss 10-franc banknote and on numerous Swiss , German , and Russian postage stamps . The asteroid 2002 Euler was named in
eos 
eos 
eos Louis_Daguerre ( november 18 , 1787 - july 10 , 1851 ) was the French artist and chemist who is recognized for
eos 
eos Louis_Pasteur ( december 27 1822 - september 28 1895 ) was a French microbiologist and chemist .
eos Louis_Pasteur ( december 27 1822 - september 28 1895 ) was a French microbiologist and chemist . Louis_Pasteur is best known for demonstrating how to prevent milk and wine from going sour , which came to be called pasteurization .
eos Louis_Pasteur ( december 27 1822 - september 28 1895 ) was a French microbiologist and chemist . Louis_Pasteur is best known for demonstrating how to prevent milk and wine from going sour , which came to be called pasteurization . Louis_Pasteur experiments confirmed the germ theory of disease , and
eos Louis_Pasteur is best known for demonstrating how to prevent milk and wine from going sour , which came to be called pasteurization . Louis_Pasteur experiments confirmed the germ theory of disease , and Louis_Pasteur created the first vaccine for rabies .
eos Louis_Pasteur experiments confirmed the germ theory of disease , and Louis_Pasteur created the first vaccine for rabies . Louis_Pasteur became one of the main founders of bacteriology , the other major figure being Robert Koch .
eos Louis_Pasteur became one of the main founders of bacteriology , the other major figure being Robert Koch . Louis_Pasteur also made many discoveries in the field of chemistry , most notably the asymmetry of crystals .
eos Louis_Pasteur also made many discoveries in the field of chemistry , most notably the asymmetry of crystals . Louis_Pasteur was born in Dole in the Jura region of France and Louis_Pasteur grew up in the town of Arbois .
eos Louis_Pasteur was born in Dole in the Jura region of France and Louis_Pasteur grew up in the town of Arbois . Louis_Pasteur father , Jean Pasteur , was a tanner and a veteran of the Napoleonic wars .
eos Louis_Pasteur was born in Dole in the Jura region of France and Louis_Pasteur grew up in the town of Arbois . Louis_Pasteur father , Jean Pasteur , was a tanner and a veteran of the Napoleonic wars . Louis_Pasteur aptitude was recognized by
eos Louis_Pasteur was born in Dole in the Jura region of France and Louis_Pasteur grew up in the town of Arbois . Louis_Pasteur father , Jean Pasteur , was a tanner and a veteran of the Napoleonic wars . Louis_Pasteur aptitude was recognized by Louis_Pasteur college headmaster , who recommended that
eos Louis_Pasteur was born in Dole in the Jura region of France and Louis_Pasteur grew up in the town of Arbois . Louis_Pasteur father , Jean Pasteur , was a tanner and a veteran of the Napoleonic wars . Louis_Pasteur aptitude was recognized by Louis_Pasteur college headmaster , who recommended that Louis_Pasteur apply for the École Normale Supérieure , which accepted
eos Louis_Pasteur father , Jean Pasteur , was a tanner and a veteran of the Napoleonic wars . Louis_Pasteur aptitude was recognized by Louis_Pasteur college headmaster , who recommended that Louis_Pasteur apply for the École Normale Supérieure , which accepted Louis_Pasteur . After serving briefly as professor of physics at Dijon Lycee in 1848 ,
eos Louis_Pasteur father , Jean Pasteur , was a tanner and a veteran of the Napoleonic wars . Louis_Pasteur aptitude was recognized by Louis_Pasteur college headmaster , who recommended that Louis_Pasteur apply for the École Normale Supérieure , which accepted Louis_Pasteur . After serving briefly as professor of physics at Dijon Lycee in 1848 , Louis_Pasteur became professor of chemistry at Strasbourg University , where
eos After serving briefly as professor of physics at Dijon Lycee in 1848 , Louis_Pasteur became professor of chemistry at Strasbourg University , where Louis_Pasteur met and courted Marie Laurent , daughter of the university 's rector in 1849 . Together they had five children , only two of whom survived to adulthood . Throughout
eos After serving briefly as professor of physics at Dijon Lycee in 1848 , Louis_Pasteur became professor of chemistry at Strasbourg University , where Louis_Pasteur met and courted Marie Laurent , daughter of the university 's rector in 1849 . Together they had five children , only two of whom survived to adulthood . Throughout Louis_Pasteur whole life ,
eos Together they had five children , only two of whom survived to adulthood . Throughout Louis_Pasteur whole life , Louis_Pasteur remained an ardent Catholic . A well - known quote illustrating this is attributed to
eos 
eos 
eos 
eos Mao_Zedong ( december 26 , 1893 - september 9 , 1976 ) ( also Mao Tse - Tung in Wade - Giles transliteration ) was a Chinese Marxist military and political leader ,
eos Mao_Zedong ( december 26 , 1893 - september 9 , 1976 ) ( also Mao Tse - Tung in Wade - Giles transliteration ) was a Chinese Marxist military and political leader , Mao_Zedong led the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) to victory against the Kuomintang ( KMT ) in the Chinese Civil War , leading to the establishment of the People 's Republic of China on october 1 , 1949 in Beijing .
eos ( also Mao Tse - Tung in Wade - Giles transliteration ) was a Chinese Marxist military and political leader , Mao_Zedong led the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) to victory against the Kuomintang ( KMT ) in the Chinese Civil War , leading to the establishment of the People 's Republic of China on october 1 , 1949 in Beijing . Mao_Zedong pursued the ideal of a strong , prosperous and socially egalitarian China , endeavoring to build a modern socialist nation . However , the failings of
eos Mao_Zedong pursued the ideal of a strong , prosperous and socially egalitarian China , endeavoring to build a modern socialist nation . However , the failings of Mao_Zedong most significant socio - political programs - including the Anti - Rightist Campaign , the Great Leap Forward , and the Cultural Revolution - have been widely criticized .
eos However , the failings of Mao_Zedong most significant socio - political programs - including the Anti - Rightist Campaign , the Great Leap Forward , and the Cultural Revolution - have been widely criticized . Mao_Zedong is a controversial figure today . While officially held in high regard in China ,
eos However , the failings of Mao_Zedong most significant socio - political programs - including the Anti - Rightist Campaign , the Great Leap Forward , and the Cultural Revolution - have been widely criticized . Mao_Zedong is a controversial figure today . While officially held in high regard in China , Mao_Zedong is today rarely mentioned by the government , whose policies have diverged greatly from those of
eos Mao_Zedong is a controversial figure today . While officially held in high regard in China , Mao_Zedong is today rarely mentioned by the government , whose policies have diverged greatly from those of Mao_Zedong . Maoists around the world look to
eos Mao_Zedong is a controversial figure today . While officially held in high regard in China , Mao_Zedong is today rarely mentioned by the government , whose policies have diverged greatly from those of Mao_Zedong . Maoists around the world look to Mao_Zedong as a great revolutionary leader
eos While officially held in high regard in China , Mao_Zedong is today rarely mentioned by the government , whose policies have diverged greatly from those of Mao_Zedong . Maoists around the world look to Mao_Zedong as a great revolutionary leader Mao_Zedong thought is the highest expression of Marxism . Many of
eos While officially held in high regard in China , Mao_Zedong is today rarely mentioned by the government , whose policies have diverged greatly from those of Mao_Zedong . Maoists around the world look to Mao_Zedong as a great revolutionary leader Mao_Zedong thought is the highest expression of Marxism . Many of Mao_Zedong detractors however accuse
eos While officially held in high regard in China , Mao_Zedong is today rarely mentioned by the government , whose policies have diverged greatly from those of Mao_Zedong . Maoists around the world look to Mao_Zedong as a great revolutionary leader Mao_Zedong thought is the highest expression of Marxism . Many of Mao_Zedong detractors however accuse Mao_Zedong of having been a mass - murderer , holding
eos 
eos Margaret_Atwood , OC ( born november 18 , 1939 ) is a Canadian writer . A prolific poet , novelist , literary critic , feminist and political activist ,
eos Margaret_Atwood , OC ( born november 18 , 1939 ) is a Canadian writer . A prolific poet , novelist , literary critic , feminist and political activist , Margaret_Atwood has received recognition nationally and internationally for
eos 
eos ( Polish : Maria Skłodowska - Curie , born Maria Skłodowska , november 7 1867 - july 4 1934 ) was a Polish - French physicist and chemist .
eos Maria Skłodowska - Curie , born Maria Skłodowska , november 7 1867 - july 4 1934 ) was a Polish - French physicist and chemist . Marie_Curie was a pioneer in the early field of radioactivity , later becoming the first two - time Nobel laureate and the only person with Nobel Prizes in two different fields of science ( physics and chemistry ) .
eos Marie_Curie was a pioneer in the early field of radioactivity , later becoming the first two - time Nobel laureate and the only person with Nobel Prizes in two different fields of science ( physics and chemistry ) . Marie_Curie also became the first woman appointed to teach at the Sorbonne .
eos Marie_Curie was a pioneer in the early field of radioactivity , later becoming the first two - time Nobel laureate and the only person with Nobel Prizes in two different fields of science ( physics and chemistry ) . Marie_Curie also became the first woman appointed to teach at the Sorbonne . Marie_Curie was born a Pole in Warsaw , and Marie_Curie spent
eos Marie_Curie also became the first woman appointed to teach at the Sorbonne . Marie_Curie was born a Pole in Warsaw , and Marie_Curie spent Marie_Curie early years there , but in 1891 at age 24 , Marie_Curie moved to France to study science in Paris . Marie_Curie obtained all Marie_Curie higher degrees and Marie_Curie conducted
eos Marie_Curie also became the first woman appointed to teach at the Sorbonne . Marie_Curie was born a Pole in Warsaw , and Marie_Curie spent Marie_Curie early years there , but in 1891 at age 24 , Marie_Curie moved to France to study science in Paris .
eos Marie_Curie also became the first woman appointed to teach at the Sorbonne . Marie_Curie was born a Pole in Warsaw , and Marie_Curie spent Marie_Curie early years there , but in 1891 at age 24 , Marie_Curie moved to France to study science in Paris . Marie_Curie obtained all
eos Marie_Curie was born a Pole in Warsaw , and Marie_Curie spent Marie_Curie early years there , but in 1891 at age 24 , Marie_Curie moved to France to study science in Paris . Marie_Curie obtained all Marie_Curie higher degrees and Marie_Curie conducted Marie_Curie scientific career there , and Marie_Curie became a naturalized French citizen .
eos 
eos Marie_Stopes ( october 15 1880 - october 2 1958 ) was a Scottish author , campaigner for women 's rights and pioneer in the field of family planning .
eos Marie_Stopes ( october 15 1880 - october 2 1958 ) was a Scottish author , campaigner for women 's rights and pioneer in the field of family planning . Marie_Stopes edited the journal Birth Control News which gave anatomically explicit advice , and in addition to
eos Marie_Stopes ( october 15 1880 - october 2 1958 ) was a Scottish author , campaigner for women 's rights and pioneer in the field of family planning . Marie_Stopes edited the journal Birth Control News which gave anatomically explicit advice , and in addition to Marie_Stopes enthusiasm for protests at places of worship this provoked protest from both the Church of England and the Catholic Church .
eos Marie_Stopes ( october 15 1880 - october 2 1958 ) was a Scottish author , campaigner for women 's rights and pioneer in the field of family planning . Marie_Stopes edited the journal Birth Control News which gave anatomically explicit advice , and in addition to Marie_Stopes enthusiasm for protests at places of worship this provoked protest from both the Church of England and the Catholic Church . Marie_Stopes sex manual Married Love , which was written while
eos Marie_Stopes edited the journal Birth Control News which gave anatomically explicit advice , and in addition to Marie_Stopes enthusiasm for protests at places of worship this provoked protest from both the Church of England and the Catholic Church . Marie_Stopes sex manual Married Love , which was written while Marie_Stopes was still a virgin , was controversial and influential . In 1999
eos Marie_Stopes sex manual Married Love , which was written while Marie_Stopes was still a virgin , was controversial and influential . In 1999 Marie_Stopes was voted ` Woman of the Millennium ' by Guardian newspaper readers in the UK . The modern organisation that bears
eos 
eos Mario_Lemieux ( born october 5 , 1965 , in Ville Emard , Quebec , Canada ) is a retired professional ice hockey centre
eos Mario_Lemieux ( born october 5 , 1965 , in Ville Emard , Quebec , Canada ) is a retired professional ice hockey centre Mario_Lemieux played 17 seasons for the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League between 1984 and 2006 .
eos Mario_Lemieux ( born october 5 , 1965 , in Ville Emard , Quebec , Canada ) is a retired professional ice hockey centre Mario_Lemieux played 17 seasons for the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League between 1984 and 2006 . Mario_Lemieux was also former majority owner of the Penguins before being bought out by Research in Motion Ltd. . Chairman and CEO Jim Balsillie on Friday october 6 , 2006 . Despite having to overcome cancer , and chronic back injuries ,
eos Mario_Lemieux was also former majority owner of the Penguins before being bought out by Research in Motion Ltd. . Chairman and CEO Jim Balsillie on Friday october 6 , 2006 . Despite having to overcome cancer , and chronic back injuries , Mario_Lemieux is generally regarded as one of the greatest players to have played in the NHL .
eos Mario_Lemieux was also former majority owner of the Penguins before being bought out by Research in Motion Ltd. . Chairman and CEO Jim Balsillie on Friday october 6 , 2006 . Despite having to overcome cancer , and chronic back injuries , Mario_Lemieux is generally regarded as one of the greatest players to have played in the NHL . Mario_Lemieux most prolific nicknames given to
eos Mario_Lemieux was also former majority owner of the Penguins before being bought out by Research in Motion Ltd. . Chairman and CEO Jim Balsillie on Friday october 6 , 2006 . Despite having to overcome cancer , and chronic back injuries , Mario_Lemieux is generally regarded as one of the greatest players to have played in the NHL . Mario_Lemieux most prolific nicknames given to Mario_Lemieux by the media are ` ` Le Magnifique '' and ` ` Super Mario '' ;
eos Despite having to overcome cancer , and chronic back injuries , Mario_Lemieux is generally regarded as one of the greatest players to have played in the NHL . Mario_Lemieux most prolific nicknames given to Mario_Lemieux by the media are ` ` Le Magnifique '' and ` ` Super Mario '' ; Mario_Lemieux surname , ` ` le mieux '' also literally means ` ` The best '' in French .
eos Mario_Lemieux most prolific nicknames given to Mario_Lemieux by the media are ` ` Le Magnifique '' and ` ` Super Mario '' ; Mario_Lemieux surname , ` ` le mieux '' also literally means ` ` The best '' in French . Mario_Lemieux is the youngest of three sons of Jean - Guy Lemieux and Pierrette Lemieux . Many think that had Mario_Lemieux not missed so many games throughout
eos Mario_Lemieux most prolific nicknames given to Mario_Lemieux by the media are ` ` Le Magnifique '' and ` ` Super Mario '' ; Mario_Lemieux surname , ` ` le mieux '' also literally means ` ` The best '' in French . Mario_Lemieux is the youngest of three sons of Jean - Guy Lemieux and Pierrette Lemieux . Many think that had Mario_Lemieux not missed so many games throughout Mario_Lemieux career due to illness and injury ,
eos Mario_Lemieux most prolific nicknames given to Mario_Lemieux by the media are ` ` Le Magnifique '' and ` ` Super Mario '' ; Mario_Lemieux surname , ` ` le mieux '' also literally means ` ` The best '' in French . Mario_Lemieux is the youngest of three sons of Jean - Guy Lemieux and Pierrette Lemieux . Many think that had Mario_Lemieux not missed so many games throughout Mario_Lemieux career due to illness and injury , Mario_Lemieux may have come much closer to Wayne Gretzky 's records as for much of
eos Mario_Lemieux most prolific nicknames given to Mario_Lemieux by the media are ` ` Le Magnifique '' and ` ` Super Mario '' ; Mario_Lemieux surname , ` ` le mieux '' also literally means ` ` The best '' in French . Mario_Lemieux is the youngest of three sons of Jean - Guy Lemieux and Pierrette Lemieux . Many think that had Mario_Lemieux not missed so many games throughout Mario_Lemieux career due to illness and injury , Mario_Lemieux may have come much closer to Wayne Gretzky 's records as for much of Mario_Lemieux career
eos Mario_Lemieux most prolific nicknames given to Mario_Lemieux by the media are ` ` Le Magnifique '' and ` ` Super Mario '' ; Mario_Lemieux surname , ` ` le mieux '' also literally means ` ` The best '' in French . Mario_Lemieux is the youngest of three sons of Jean - Guy Lemieux and Pierrette Lemieux . Many think that had
eos Mario_Lemieux is the youngest of three sons of Jean - Guy Lemieux and Pierrette Lemieux . Many think that had Mario_Lemieux not missed so many games throughout Mario_Lemieux career due to illness and injury , Mario_Lemieux may have come much closer to Wayne Gretzky 's records as for much of Mario_Lemieux career Mario_Lemieux averaged more points per game .
eos 
eos Mario_Vargas_Llosa FKC ( birth name : Jorge Mario Pedro Vargas Llosa ) ( born in Arequipa , march 28 , 1936 ) is a Peruvian - Spanish writer
eos 
eos Marshall_McLuhan CC ( july 21 , 1911 - december 31 , 1980 ) was a Canadian educator , philosopher , and scholar . A professor of English literature , a literary critic , and communications theorist ,
eos Marshall_McLuhan CC ( july 21 , 1911 - december 31 , 1980 ) was a Canadian educator , philosopher , and scholar . A professor of English literature , a literary critic , and communications theorist , Marshall_McLuhan work is viewed as one of the cornerstones of the study of media ecology . Perhaps the most celebrated English teacher of the twentieth century ,
eos Marshall_McLuhan CC ( july 21 , 1911 - december 31 , 1980 ) was a Canadian educator , philosopher , and scholar . A professor of English literature , a literary critic , and communications theorist , Marshall_McLuhan work is viewed as one of the cornerstones of the study of media ecology . Perhaps the most celebrated English teacher of the twentieth century , Marshall_McLuhan was a fixture in media discourse from the late 1960s to
eos A professor of English literature , a literary critic , and communications theorist , Marshall_McLuhan work is viewed as one of the cornerstones of the study of media ecology . Perhaps the most celebrated English teacher of the twentieth century , Marshall_McLuhan was a fixture in media discourse from the late 1960s to Marshall_McLuhan death and Marshall_McLuhan remains highly influential . Timothy Leary credited a meeting with
eos Perhaps the most celebrated English teacher of the twentieth century , Marshall_McLuhan was a fixture in media discourse from the late 1960s to Marshall_McLuhan death and Marshall_McLuhan remains highly influential . Timothy Leary credited a meeting with Marshall_McLuhan as inspiring Leary 's phrase ` ` Turn on , tune in , drop out . '' The ` ` patron saint '' of Wired magazine ,
eos 
eos Martha_Nussbaum ( born Martha Craven on May 6 , 1947 ) is an American philosopher , with a particular interest in ancient philosophy , political philosophy and ethics .
eos Martha_Nussbaum ( born Martha Craven on May 6 , 1947 ) is an American philosopher , with a particular interest in ancient philosophy , political philosophy and ethics . Martha_Nussbaum was born in New York , the daughter of George Craven , a Philadelphia lawyer , and Betty Warren , a homemaker .
eos Martha_Nussbaum studied theatre and classics at New York University ( NYU ) ( BA 1969 ) , gradually moving to philosophy while at Harvard ( MA 1972 ; PhD 1975 , under G E. L Owen ) . This period also saw
eos Martha_Nussbaum studied theatre and classics at New York University ( NYU ) ( BA 1969 ) , gradually moving to philosophy while at Harvard ( MA 1972 ; PhD 1975 , under G E. L Owen ) . This period also saw Martha_Nussbaum marriage to Alan Nussbaum ( divorced in 1987 ) , conversion to Judaism , and the birth of
eos ( BA 1969 ) , gradually moving to philosophy while at Harvard ( MA 1972 ; PhD 1975 , under G E. L Owen ) . This period also saw Martha_Nussbaum marriage to Alan Nussbaum ( divorced in 1987 ) , conversion to Judaism , and the birth of Martha_Nussbaum daughter Rachel .
eos This period also saw Martha_Nussbaum marriage to Alan Nussbaum ( divorced in 1987 ) , conversion to Judaism , and the birth of Martha_Nussbaum daughter Rachel . Martha_Nussbaum taught philosophy and classics at Harvard in the 1970s and early 1980s , before moving to Brown University .
eos Martha_Nussbaum taught philosophy and classics at Harvard in the 1970s and early 1980s , before moving to Brown University . Martha_Nussbaum 1985 book The Fragility of Goodness , on ancient ethics , was particularly influential , and made
eos Martha_Nussbaum 1985 book The Fragility of Goodness , on ancient ethics , was particularly influential , and made Martha_Nussbaum a well - known figure throughout the humanities . During the 1980s
eos The Fragility of Goodness , on ancient ethics , was particularly influential , and made Martha_Nussbaum a well - known figure throughout the humanities . During the 1980s Martha_Nussbaum began a collaboration with economist Amartya Sen on issues of development and ethics . With Sen ,
eos It is also universalist , and therefore contrasts with relativist approaches to development . Much of the work is presented from an Aristotelian perspective .
eos Much of the work is presented from an Aristotelian perspective . Martha_Nussbaum has used the capability approach to reinterpret John Rawls ' Theory of Justice . For
eos For Martha_Nussbaum , Rawls 's Liberty Principle is only meaningful if viewed in terms of substantial freedoms , ie real opportunities based on personal and social circumstance . Likewise , inequality in the Difference Principle has to be clarified in terms of capabilities .
eos Likewise , inequality in the Difference Principle has to be clarified in terms of capabilities . Martha_Nussbaum has engaged in many spirited debates with other intellectuals , both in the pages of semi - popular magazines and book reviews as well as when testifying as an expert witness in court .
eos Martha_Nussbaum has engaged in many spirited debates with other intellectuals , both in the pages of semi - popular magazines and book reviews as well as when testifying as an expert witness in court . Martha_Nussbaum sparring partners have included Allan Bloom , John Finnis and Robert P George , Harvey Mansfield and Judith Butler , among others .
eos Martha_Nussbaum sparring partners have included Allan Bloom , John Finnis and Robert P George , Harvey Mansfield and Judith Butler , among others . Martha_Nussbaum is Ernst Freund Distinguished Service Professor of Law and Ethics at the University of Chicago Law School .
eos Martha_Nussbaum is Ernst Freund Distinguished Service Professor of Law and Ethics at the University of Chicago Law School . Martha_Nussbaum also holds cross - appointments in the Divinity School and in the Departments of Philosophy and Classics .
eos Martha_Nussbaum is Ernst Freund Distinguished Service Professor of Law and Ethics at the University of Chicago Law School . Martha_Nussbaum also holds cross - appointments in the Divinity School and in the Departments of Philosophy and Classics . Martha_Nussbaum previously taught at Harvard University and Brown University where
eos Martha_Nussbaum also holds cross - appointments in the Divinity School and in the Departments of Philosophy and Classics . Martha_Nussbaum previously taught at Harvard University and Brown University where Martha_Nussbaum held the rank of University Professor . During the 2006 - 07 academic year
eos Martha_Nussbaum also holds cross - appointments in the Divinity School and in the Departments of Philosophy and Classics . Martha_Nussbaum previously taught at Harvard University and Brown University where Martha_Nussbaum held the rank of University Professor . During the 2006 - 07 academic year Martha_Nussbaum and
eos 
eos Maurice_Richard PC , CC , OQ ( born august 4 , 1921 in Laval , Quebec , Canada , died May 27 , 2000 in Montreal , Quebec ) was a professional ice hockey player , and Maurice_Richard played for the Montreal Canadiens from 1942 to 1960 .
eos Maurice_Richard PC , CC , OQ ( born august 4 , 1921 in Laval , Quebec , Canada , died May 27 , 2000 in Montreal , Quebec ) was a professional ice hockey player , and Maurice_Richard played for the Montreal Canadiens from 1942 to 1960 . Maurice_Richard was the most prolific goal - scorer of
eos Maurice_Richard PC , CC , OQ ( born august 4 , 1921 in Laval , Quebec , Canada , died May 27 , 2000 in Montreal , Quebec ) was a professional ice hockey player , and Maurice_Richard played for the Montreal Canadiens from 1942 to 1960 . Maurice_Richard was the most prolific goal - scorer of Maurice_Richard era , achieving the fabled feat of 50 goals in 50 games .
eos Maurice_Richard PC , CC , OQ ( born august 4 , 1921 in Laval , Quebec , Canada , died May 27 , 2000 in Montreal , Quebec ) was a professional ice hockey player , and Maurice_Richard played for the Montreal Canadiens from 1942 to 1960 . Maurice_Richard was the most prolific goal - scorer of Maurice_Richard era , achieving the fabled feat of 50 goals in 50 games . Maurice_Richard lived most of
eos 
eos Michael_Crawford , OBE ( born 19 january , 1942 in Salisbury , Wiltshire ) , is an English actor and singer .
eos Michael_Crawford , OBE ( born 19 january , 1942 in Salisbury , Wiltshire ) , is an English actor and singer . Michael_Crawford has won critical acclaim and numerous awards during
eos Michael_Crawford , OBE ( born 19 january , 1942 in Salisbury , Wiltshire ) , is an English actor and singer . Michael_Crawford has won critical acclaim and numerous awards during Michael_Crawford career , which includes radio , television and stage ( including appearing on stage in West End in London , and Broadway in New York ) . Although
eos Michael_Crawford , OBE ( born 19 january , 1942 in Salisbury , Wiltshire ) , is an English actor and singer . Michael_Crawford has won critical acclaim and numerous awards during Michael_Crawford career , which includes radio , television and stage ( including appearing on stage in West End in London , and Broadway in New York ) . Although Michael_Crawford most often appears on stage , in musicals such as Phantom of the Opera and Barnum ,
eos Michael_Crawford , OBE ( born 19 january , 1942 in Salisbury , Wiltshire ) , is an English actor and singer . Michael_Crawford has won critical acclaim and numerous awards during Michael_Crawford career , which includes radio , television and stage ( including appearing on stage in West End in London , and Broadway in New York ) . Although Michael_Crawford most often appears on stage , in musicals such as Phantom of the Opera and Barnum , Michael_Crawford first became a household name and famous to millions for
eos Michael_Crawford has won critical acclaim and numerous awards during Michael_Crawford career , which includes radio , television and stage ( including appearing on stage in West End in London , and Broadway in New York ) . Although Michael_Crawford most often appears on stage , in musicals such as Phantom of the Opera and Barnum , Michael_Crawford first became a household name and famous to millions for Michael_Crawford role as the hapless Frank Spencer in the British television sitcom Some Mothers Do ` Ave ' Em ( 1973 - 78 ) , for which
eos Michael_Crawford has won critical acclaim and numerous awards during Michael_Crawford career , which includes radio , television and stage ( including appearing on stage in West End in London , and Broadway in New York ) . Although Michael_Crawford most often appears on stage , in musicals such as Phantom of the Opera and Barnum , Michael_Crawford first became a household name and famous to millions for Michael_Crawford role as the hapless Frank Spencer in the British television sitcom Some Mothers Do ` Ave ' Em ( 1973 - 78 ) , for which Michael_Crawford performed most of
eos Some Mothers Do ` Ave ' Em ( 1973 - 78 ) , for which Michael_Crawford performed most of Michael_Crawford own stunts . The series became one of the BBC 's most successful programmes of all time .
eos 
eos august 25 , 1867 ) was an English chemist and physicist ( or natural philosopher , in the terminology of that time )
eos was an English chemist and physicist ( or natural philosopher , in the terminology of that time ) Michael_Faraday contributed significantly to the fields of electromagnetism and electrochemistry .
eos Michael_Faraday contributed significantly to the fields of electromagnetism and electrochemistry . Michael_Faraday established that magnetism could affect rays of light and that there was an underlying relationship between the two phenomena . Some historians of science refer to
eos Michael_Faraday established that magnetism could affect rays of light and that there was an underlying relationship between the two phenomena . Some historians of science refer to Michael_Faraday as the best experimentalist in the history of science . It was largely due to
eos Some historians of science refer to Michael_Faraday as the best experimentalist in the history of science . It was largely due to Michael_Faraday efforts that electricity became viable for use in technology . The SI unit of capacitance , the farad , is named after
eos It was largely due to Michael_Faraday efforts that electricity became viable for use in technology . The SI unit of capacitance , the farad , is named after Michael_Faraday , as is the Faraday constant , the charge on a mole of electrons ( about 96,485 coulombs ) .
eos The SI unit of capacitance , the farad , is named after Michael_Faraday , as is the Faraday constant , the charge on a mole of electrons ( about 96,485 coulombs ) . Michael_Faraday law of induction states that a magnetic field changing in time creates a proportional electromotive force .
eos Michael_Faraday law of induction states that a magnetic field changing in time creates a proportional electromotive force . Michael_Faraday held the post of Fullerian Professor of Chemistry at the Royal Institution of Great Britain . Michael_Faraday was the first , and most famous , holder of this position to which
eos Michael_Faraday law of induction states that a magnetic field changing in time creates a proportional electromotive force . Michael_Faraday held the post of Fullerian Professor of Chemistry at the Royal Institution of Great Britain .
eos 
eos Michael_Ignatieff ( "" IPA : / ɪgnatʃəf / "" ) , MP , BA , MA , PhD ( born May 12 , 1947 in Toronto ) is the Canadian Member of Parliament for Etobicoke - Lakeshore .
eos ( "" IPA : / ɪgnatʃəf / "" ) , MP , BA , MA , PhD ( born May 12 , 1947 in Toronto ) is the Canadian Member of Parliament for Etobicoke - Lakeshore . Michael_Ignatieff is an author , journalist , documentary film - maker , and international scholar
eos Michael_Ignatieff is an author , journalist , documentary film - maker , and international scholar Michael_Ignatieff has held positions at Cambridge , Oxford , and Harvard .
eos Michael_Ignatieff has held positions at Cambridge , Oxford , and Harvard . Michael_Ignatieff was based in the United Kingdom from 1978 to 2000 . During this time
eos Michael_Ignatieff was based in the United Kingdom from 1978 to 2000 . During this time Michael_Ignatieff was on the faculty at both Cambridge and Oxford Universities and Michael_Ignatieff worked as a film - maker and political commentator for the BBC .
eos Michael_Ignatieff was based in the United Kingdom from 1978 to 2000 . During this time Michael_Ignatieff was on the faculty at both Cambridge and Oxford Universities and Michael_Ignatieff worked as a film - maker and political commentator for the BBC . Michael_Ignatieff lived in the United States from 2000 to 2005 where
eos During this time Michael_Ignatieff was on the faculty at both Cambridge and Oxford Universities and Michael_Ignatieff worked as a film - maker and political commentator for the BBC . Michael_Ignatieff lived in the United States from 2000 to 2005 where Michael_Ignatieff was director of Harvard 's Carr Center for Human Rights Policy .
eos Michael_Ignatieff lived in the United States from 2000 to 2005 where Michael_Ignatieff was director of Harvard 's Carr Center for Human Rights Policy . Michael_Ignatieff returned to Canada in 2005 to take a position at the University of Toronto and enter politics .
eos Michael_Ignatieff returned to Canada in 2005 to take a position at the University of Toronto and enter politics . Michael_Ignatieff was named associate critic for Human Resources and Skills Development in the Official Opposition Shadow Cabinet on february 22 , 2006 . However ,
eos Michael_Ignatieff returned to Canada in 2005 to take a position at the University of Toronto and enter politics . Michael_Ignatieff was named associate critic for Human Resources and Skills Development in the Official Opposition Shadow Cabinet on february 22 , 2006 . However , Michael_Ignatieff left this position after announcing on april 7 , 2006 that
eos 
eos Michael_J._Fox ( born Michael Andrew Fox on june 9 , 1961 in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada ) is an Emmy Award - winning , Canadian - American actor
eos Michael_J._Fox ( born Michael Andrew Fox on june 9 , 1961 in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada ) is an Emmy Award - winning , Canadian - American actor Michael_J._Fox has had success both in television and in film .
eos Michael_J._Fox ( born Michael Andrew Fox on june 9 , 1961 in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada ) is an Emmy Award - winning , Canadian - American actor Michael_J._Fox has had success both in television and in film . Michael_J._Fox best known roles include Marty McFly from the Back to the Future trilogy ( 1985 - 1990 ) , Alex P Keaton from Family Ties ( 1982 - 1989 ) , and Mike Flaherty from Spin City 1996 - 2000 ) .
eos Michael_J._Fox ( born Michael Andrew Fox on june 9 , 1961 in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada ) is an Emmy Award - winning , Canadian - American actor Michael_J._Fox has had success both in television and in film . Michael_J._Fox best known roles include Marty McFly from the Back to the Future trilogy ( 1985 - 1990 ) , Alex P Keaton from Family Ties ( 1982 - 1989 ) , and Mike Flaherty from Spin City 1996 - 2000 ) . Michael_J._Fox was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease in 1991 , and Michael_J._Fox disclosed
eos Michael_J._Fox best known roles include Marty McFly from the Back to the Future trilogy ( 1985 - 1990 ) , Alex P Keaton from Family Ties ( 1982 - 1989 ) , and Mike Flaherty from Spin City 1996 - 2000 ) . Michael_J._Fox was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease in 1991 , and Michael_J._Fox disclosed Michael_J._Fox condition to the public in 1998 . As the symptoms of
eos Michael_J._Fox best known roles include Marty McFly from the Back to the Future trilogy ( 1985 - 1990 ) , Alex P Keaton from Family Ties ( 1982 - 1989 ) , and Mike Flaherty from Spin City 1996 - 2000 ) . Michael_J._Fox was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease in 1991 , and Michael_J._Fox disclosed Michael_J._Fox condition to the public in 1998 . As the symptoms of Michael_J._Fox disease worsened ,
eos 
eos Michael_Walzer ( 3 march 1935 - ) is a political theorist and writer on society , politics , and ethics currently working as a professor at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , New Jersey .
eos Michael_Walzer ( 3 march 1935 - ) is a political theorist and writer on society , politics , and ethics currently working as a professor at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , New Jersey . Michael_Walzer has written on a wide range of topics , including just and unjust wars , nationalism , ethnicity , economic justice , criticism , radicalism , tolerance , and political obligation . Outside of
eos Michael_Walzer ( 3 march 1935 - ) is a political theorist and writer on society , politics , and ethics currently working as a professor at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , New Jersey . Michael_Walzer has written on a wide range of topics , including just and unjust wars , nationalism , ethnicity , economic justice , criticism , radicalism , tolerance , and political obligation . Outside of Michael_Walzer academic work
eos Michael_Walzer has written on a wide range of topics , including just and unjust wars , nationalism , ethnicity , economic justice , criticism , radicalism , tolerance , and political obligation . Outside of Michael_Walzer academic work Michael_Walzer acts as editor - in - chief of Dissent , an American left - wing magazine and Michael_Walzer is a contributing editor to The New Republic .
eos Outside of Michael_Walzer academic work Michael_Walzer acts as editor - in - chief of Dissent , an American left - wing magazine and Michael_Walzer is a contributing editor to The New Republic . Michael_Walzer is also on the Editorial Board of the academic journal Affairs . To date
eos Michael_Walzer is also on the Editorial Board of the academic journal Affairs . To date Michael_Walzer has written twenty - seven books and Michael_Walzer has published over three hundred articles , essays , and book reviews .
eos To date Michael_Walzer has written twenty - seven books and Michael_Walzer has published over three hundred articles , essays , and book reviews . Michael_Walzer is a member of several philosophical organizations including the American Philosophical Society .
eos Michael_Walzer is a member of several philosophical organizations including the American Philosophical Society . Michael_Walzer is the older brother of historian Judith Walzer Leavitt .
eos Michael_Walzer is the older brother of historian Judith Walzer Leavitt . Michael_Walzer is usually identified as one of the leading proponents of the ` ` Communitarian '' position in political theory , along with Alasdair MacIntyre and Michael Sandel . Like Sandel and MacIntyre ,
eos Michael_Walzer is usually identified as one of the leading proponents of the ` ` Communitarian '' position in political theory , along with Alasdair MacIntyre and Michael Sandel . Like Sandel and MacIntyre , Michael_Walzer is not completely comfortable with this label .
eos Michael_Walzer is usually identified as one of the leading proponents of the ` ` Communitarian '' position in political theory , along with Alasdair MacIntyre and Michael Sandel . Like Sandel and MacIntyre , Michael_Walzer is not completely comfortable with this label . Michael_Walzer has , however , long argued that political theory must be grounded in the traditions and culture of particular societies and opposed what
eos Like Sandel and MacIntyre , Michael_Walzer is not completely comfortable with this label . Michael_Walzer has , however , long argued that political theory must be grounded in the traditions and culture of particular societies and opposed what Michael_Walzer sees to be the excessive abstraction of political philosophy .
eos 
eos Michelangelo ( march 6 , 1475 - february 18 , 1564 ) , commonly known as Michelangelo , was an Italian Renaissance painter , sculptor , architect and poet . Despite making few forays beyond the arts ,
eos Michelangelo ( march 6 , 1475 - february 18 , 1564 ) , commonly known as Michelangelo , was an Italian Renaissance painter , sculptor , architect and poet . Despite making few forays beyond the arts , Michelangelo versatility in the disciplines
eos Michelangelo ( march 6 , 1475 - february 18 , 1564 ) , commonly known as Michelangelo , was an Italian Renaissance painter , sculptor , architect and poet . Despite making few forays beyond the arts , Michelangelo versatility in the disciplines Michelangelo took up was of such a high order that
eos Michelangelo ( march 6 , 1475 - february 18 , 1564 ) , commonly known as Michelangelo , was an Italian Renaissance painter , sculptor , architect and poet . Despite making few forays beyond the arts , Michelangelo versatility in the disciplines Michelangelo took up was of such a high order that Michelangelo is often considered a contender for the title of the archetypal Renaissance man , along with
eos Michelangelo ( march 6 , 1475 - february 18 , 1564 ) , commonly known as Michelangelo , was an Italian Renaissance painter , sculptor , architect and poet . Despite making few forays beyond the arts , Michelangelo versatility in the disciplines Michelangelo took up was of such a high order that Michelangelo is often considered a contender for the title of the archetypal Renaissance man , along with Michelangelo rival and fellow Florentine Leonardo da Vinci .
eos Michelangelo ( march 6 , 1475 - february 18 , 1564 ) , commonly known as Michelangelo , was an Italian Renaissance painter , sculptor , architect and poet . Despite making few forays beyond the arts , Michelangelo versatility in the disciplines Michelangelo took up was of such a high order that Michelangelo is often considered a contender for the title of the archetypal Renaissance man , along with Michelangelo rival and fellow Florentine Leonardo da Vinci . Michelangelo output in every field during
eos Michelangelo ( march 6 , 1475 - february 18 , 1564 ) , commonly known as Michelangelo , was an Italian Renaissance painter , sculptor , architect and poet . Despite making few forays beyond the arts , Michelangelo versatility in the disciplines Michelangelo took up was of such a high order that Michelangelo is often considered a contender for the title of the archetypal Renaissance man , along with Michelangelo rival and fellow Florentine Leonardo da Vinci . Michelangelo output in every field during Michelangelo long life was prodigious ; when the sheer volume of correspondence , sketches and reminiscences that survive is also taken into account ,
eos Despite making few forays beyond the arts , Michelangelo versatility in the disciplines Michelangelo took up was of such a high order that Michelangelo is often considered a contender for the title of the archetypal Renaissance man , along with Michelangelo rival and fellow Florentine Leonardo da Vinci . Michelangelo output in every field during Michelangelo long life was prodigious ; when the sheer volume of correspondence , sketches and reminiscences that survive is also taken into account , Michelangelo is the best - documented artist of the 16th century . Two of Michelangelo best - known works , the Pieta and the David , were sculpted in
eos Despite making few forays beyond the arts , Michelangelo versatility in the disciplines Michelangelo took up was of such a high order that Michelangelo is often considered a contender for the title of the archetypal Renaissance man , along with Michelangelo rival and fellow Florentine Leonardo da Vinci . Michelangelo output in every field during Michelangelo long life was prodigious ; when the sheer volume of correspondence , sketches and reminiscences that survive is also taken into account , Michelangelo is the best - documented artist of the 16th century . Two of
eos Michelangelo output in every field during Michelangelo long life was prodigious ; when the sheer volume of correspondence , sketches and reminiscences that survive is also taken into account , Michelangelo is the best - documented artist of the 16th century . Two of Michelangelo best - known works , the Pieta and the David , were sculpted in Michelangelo late twenties to early thirties . Despite
eos Michelangelo output in every field during Michelangelo long life was prodigious ; when the sheer volume of correspondence , sketches and reminiscences that survive is also taken into account , Michelangelo is the best - documented artist of the 16th century . Two of Michelangelo best - known works , the Pieta and the David , were sculpted in Michelangelo late twenties to early thirties . Despite Michelangelo low opinion of painting ,
eos Two of Michelangelo best - known works , the Pieta and the David , were sculpted in Michelangelo late twenties to early thirties . Despite Michelangelo low opinion of painting , Michelangelo also created two of the most influential fresco paintings in the history of Western art : the scenes from Genesis on the ceiling and The Last Judgement on the altar wall of the Sistine Chapel in Rome . Later in life
eos Two of Michelangelo best - known works , the Pieta and the David , were sculpted in Michelangelo late twenties to early thirties . Despite Michelangelo low opinion of painting , Michelangelo also created two of the most influential fresco paintings in the history of Western art : the scenes from Genesis on the ceiling and The Last Judgement on the altar wall of the Sistine Chapel in Rome . Later in life Michelangelo designed the dome of St Peter 's Basilica in the same city and Michelangelo revolutionised classical architecture with
eos Despite Michelangelo low opinion of painting , Michelangelo also created two of the most influential fresco paintings in the history of Western art : the scenes from Genesis on the ceiling and The Last Judgement on the altar wall of the Sistine Chapel in Rome . Later in life Michelangelo designed the dome of St Peter 's Basilica in the same city and Michelangelo revolutionised classical architecture with Michelangelo invention of the giant order of pilasters . Uniquely for a Renaissance artist , two biographies were published of
eos Despite Michelangelo low opinion of painting , Michelangelo also created two of the most influential fresco paintings in the history of Western art : the scenes from Genesis on the ceiling and The Last Judgement on the altar wall of the Sistine Chapel in Rome . Later in life Michelangelo designed the dome of St Peter 's Basilica in the same city and Michelangelo revolutionised classical architecture with Michelangelo invention of the giant order of pilasters . Uniquely for a Renaissance artist , two biographies were published of Michelangelo during
eos Later in life Michelangelo designed the dome of St Peter 's Basilica in the same city and Michelangelo revolutionised classical architecture with Michelangelo invention of the giant order of pilasters . Uniquely for a Renaissance artist , two biographies were published of Michelangelo during Michelangelo own lifetime . One of them , by Giorgio Vasari , proposed that
eos Uniquely for a Renaissance artist , two biographies were published of Michelangelo during Michelangelo own lifetime . One of them , by Giorgio Vasari , proposed that Michelangelo was the pinnacle of all artistic achievement since the beginning of the Renaissance , a viewpoint that continued to have currency in art history for centuries . In
eos Uniquely for a Renaissance artist , two biographies were published of Michelangelo during Michelangelo own lifetime . One of them , by Giorgio Vasari , proposed that Michelangelo was the pinnacle of all artistic achievement since the beginning of the Renaissance , a viewpoint that continued to have currency in art history for centuries . In Michelangelo lifetime
eos Uniquely for a Renaissance artist , two biographies were published of Michelangelo during Michelangelo own lifetime . One of them , by Giorgio Vasari , proposed that Michelangelo was the pinnacle of all artistic achievement since the beginning of the Renaissance , a viewpoint that continued to have currency in art history for centuries . In Michelangelo lifetime Michelangelo was also often called Il Divino ( ` ` the divine one '' ) , an appropriate sobriquet given
eos One of them , by Giorgio Vasari , proposed that Michelangelo was the pinnacle of all artistic achievement since the beginning of the Renaissance , a viewpoint that continued to have currency in art history for centuries . In Michelangelo lifetime Michelangelo was also often called Il Divino ( ` ` the divine one '' ) , an appropriate sobriquet given Michelangelo intense spirituality . One of the qualities most admired by
eos One of them , by Giorgio Vasari , proposed that Michelangelo was the pinnacle of all artistic achievement since the beginning of the Renaissance , a viewpoint that continued to have currency in art history for centuries . In Michelangelo lifetime Michelangelo was also often called Il Divino ( ` ` the divine one '' ) , an appropriate sobriquet given Michelangelo intense spirituality . One of the qualities most admired by Michelangelo contemporaries was
eos One of them , by Giorgio Vasari , proposed that Michelangelo was the pinnacle of all artistic achievement since the beginning of the Renaissance , a viewpoint that continued to have currency in art history for centuries . In Michelangelo lifetime Michelangelo was also often called Il Divino ( ` ` the divine one '' ) , an appropriate sobriquet given Michelangelo intense spirituality . One of the qualities most admired by Michelangelo contemporaries was Michelangelo terribilita , a sense of awe - inspiring grandeur , and it was the attempts of subsequent artists to imitate
eos 
eos Mike_Myers_actor ( born May 25 , 1963 in Scarborough , Ontario , Canada ) is an Emmy - winning Canadian actor , comedian , screenwriter , and film producer ,
eos 
eos Mikhail_Gorbachev ( Михаи́л Серге́евич Горбачёв , Mihail Sergeevič Gorbačëv , "" IPA : mʲɪxʌˈil sʲɪrˈgʲejɪvʲɪʨ gərbʌˈʨof "" , commonly written as Mikhail Gorbachev ; born march 2 1931 ) was leader of the Soviet Union from 1985 until 1991 .
eos Mikhail_Gorbachev ( Михаи́л Серге́евич Горбачёв , Mihail Sergeevič Gorbačëv , "" IPA : mʲɪxʌˈil sʲɪrˈgʲejɪvʲɪʨ gərbʌˈʨof "" , commonly written as Mikhail Gorbachev ; born march 2 1931 ) was leader of the Soviet Union from 1985 until 1991 . Mikhail_Gorbachev attempts at reform helped to end the Cold War , and also ended the political supremacy of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union ( CPSU ) and dissolved the Soviet Union .
eos 
eos Milton_Friedman ( born july 31 , 1912 ) is an American economist , known for
eos Milton_Friedman ( born july 31 , 1912 ) is an American economist , known for Milton_Friedman work on macroeconomics , microeconomics , economic history , statistics , and for
eos Milton_Friedman ( born july 31 , 1912 ) is an American economist , known for Milton_Friedman work on macroeconomics , microeconomics , economic history , statistics , and for Milton_Friedman advocacy of laissez - faire capitalism . In Capitalism and Freedom ( 1962 )
eos In Capitalism and Freedom ( 1962 ) Milton_Friedman minimized the role of government in a free market in order to create political and social freedom . In 1976 ,
eos In Capitalism and Freedom ( 1962 ) Milton_Friedman minimized the role of government in a free market in order to create political and social freedom . In 1976 , Milton_Friedman won the Nobel Prize for
eos In Capitalism and Freedom ( 1962 ) Milton_Friedman minimized the role of government in a free market in order to create political and social freedom . In 1976 , Milton_Friedman won the Nobel Prize for Milton_Friedman achievements in the fields of consumption analysis , monetary history and theory and for
eos Milton_Friedman minimized the role of government in a free market in order to create political and social freedom . In 1976 , Milton_Friedman won the Nobel Prize for Milton_Friedman achievements in the fields of consumption analysis , monetary history and theory and for Milton_Friedman demonstration of the complexity of stabilization policy .
eos In 1976 , Milton_Friedman won the Nobel Prize for Milton_Friedman achievements in the fields of consumption analysis , monetary history and theory and for Milton_Friedman demonstration of the complexity of stabilization policy . Milton_Friedman television series Free to Choose aired on PBS in early 1980 . It became a book , co - authored with
eos Milton_Friedman television series Free to Choose aired on PBS in early 1980 . It became a book , co - authored with Milton_Friedman wife , Rose Friedman . The book was widely read , as were
eos It became a book , co - authored with Milton_Friedman wife , Rose Friedman . The book was widely read , as were Milton_Friedman columns for Newsweek magazine . In statistics ,
eos 
eos Mordecai_Richler , CC ( january 27 , 1931 - july 3 , 2001 ) was a Canadian author , screenwriter and essayist .
eos Mordecai_Richler , CC ( january 27 , 1931 - july 3 , 2001 ) was a Canadian author , screenwriter and essayist . Mordecai_Richler was among Canada 's best known and most widely published writers .
eos Mordecai_Richler was among Canada 's best known and most widely published writers . Mordecai_Richler was also a controversial public figure .
eos Mordecai_Richler was among Canada 's best known and most widely published writers . Mordecai_Richler was also a controversial public figure . Mordecai_Richler uncompromising opinions on contemporary Canada easily matched , and sometimes exceeded , the satirical sting of
eos Mordecai_Richler was also a controversial public figure . Mordecai_Richler uncompromising opinions on contemporary Canada easily matched , and sometimes exceeded , the satirical sting of Mordecai_Richler fiction . The son of a scrapyard dealer ,
eos Mordecai_Richler was also a controversial public figure . Mordecai_Richler uncompromising opinions on contemporary Canada easily matched , and sometimes exceeded , the satirical sting of Mordecai_Richler fiction . The son of a scrapyard dealer , Mordecai_Richler was born and raised on St. Urbain Street in Montreal , Quebec , a neighbourhood
eos Mordecai_Richler was also a controversial public figure . Mordecai_Richler uncompromising opinions on contemporary Canada easily matched , and sometimes exceeded , the satirical sting of Mordecai_Richler fiction . The son of a scrapyard dealer , Mordecai_Richler was born and raised on St. Urbain Street in Montreal , Quebec , a neighbourhood Mordecai_Richler would later immortalize in
eos Mordecai_Richler uncompromising opinions on contemporary Canada easily matched , and sometimes exceeded , the satirical sting of Mordecai_Richler fiction . The son of a scrapyard dealer , Mordecai_Richler was born and raised on St. Urbain Street in Montreal , Quebec , a neighbourhood Mordecai_Richler would later immortalize in Mordecai_Richler novels . Mordecai_Richler , after graduating from Baron Byng High School , enrolled in Sir George Williams College , ( now Concordia University ) , to study English but Mordecai_Richler dropped out before completing
eos Mordecai_Richler uncompromising opinions on contemporary Canada easily matched , and sometimes exceeded , the satirical sting of Mordecai_Richler fiction . The son of a scrapyard dealer , Mordecai_Richler was born and raised on St. Urbain Street in Montreal , Quebec , a neighbourhood Mordecai_Richler would later immortalize in Mordecai_Richler novels .
eos The son of a scrapyard dealer , Mordecai_Richler was born and raised on St. Urbain Street in Montreal , Quebec , a neighbourhood Mordecai_Richler would later immortalize in Mordecai_Richler novels . Mordecai_Richler , after graduating from Baron Byng High School , enrolled in Sir George Williams College , ( now Concordia University ) , to study English but Mordecai_Richler dropped out before completing Mordecai_Richler degree .
eos Mordecai_Richler , after graduating from Baron Byng High School , enrolled in Sir George Williams College , ( now Concordia University ) , to study English but Mordecai_Richler dropped out before completing Mordecai_Richler degree . Mordecai_Richler moved to Paris , France at age nineteen , intent on following in the footsteps of a previous generation of literary exiles .
eos Mordecai_Richler moved to Paris , France at age nineteen , intent on following in the footsteps of a previous generation of literary exiles . Mordecai_Richler lived in Paris for several years , then Mordecai_Richler moved to London , England .
eos Mordecai_Richler lived in Paris for several years , then Mordecai_Richler moved to London , England . Mordecai_Richler returned to Montreal in 1972 but Mordecai_Richler continued to spend long periods of time in London .
eos Mordecai_Richler lived in Paris for several years , then Mordecai_Richler moved to London , England . Mordecai_Richler returned to Montreal in 1972 but Mordecai_Richler continued to spend long periods of time in London . Mordecai_Richler career took off with the publication of
eos Mordecai_Richler career took off with the publication of Mordecai_Richler fourth novel The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz in 1959 . The book featured a frequent Richler theme : Jewish life in the neighbourhood in and around St. Urbain Street and the Main , ( St. Lawrence Street ) , east of Mount Royal Park , in 1930s and 40s Montreal . The 1974 movie version was directed by
eos The book featured a frequent Richler theme : Jewish life in the neighbourhood in and around St. Urbain Street and the Main , ( St. Lawrence Street ) , east of Mount Royal Park , in 1930s and 40s Montreal . The 1974 movie version was directed by Mordecai_Richler friend Ted Kotcheff and starred Richard Dreyfuss in his first leading role .
eos The 1974 movie version was directed by Mordecai_Richler friend Ted Kotcheff and starred Richard Dreyfuss in his first leading role . Mordecai_Richler and Lionel Chetwynd co - wrote the screenplay . Throughout
eos The 1974 movie version was directed by Mordecai_Richler friend Ted Kotcheff and starred Richard Dreyfuss in his first leading role . Mordecai_Richler and Lionel Chetwynd co - wrote the screenplay . Throughout Mordecai_Richler career ,
eos Mordecai_Richler and Lionel Chetwynd co - wrote the screenplay . Throughout Mordecai_Richler career , Mordecai_Richler wrote acerbic journalistic commentary .
eos Throughout Mordecai_Richler career , Mordecai_Richler wrote acerbic journalistic commentary . Mordecai_Richler contributed to The Atlantic Monthly , Look , and The New Yorker . In
eos Throughout Mordecai_Richler career , Mordecai_Richler wrote acerbic journalistic commentary . Mordecai_Richler contributed to The Atlantic Monthly , Look , and The New Yorker . In Mordecai_Richler later years ,
eos Mordecai_Richler contributed to The Atlantic Monthly , Look , and The New Yorker . In Mordecai_Richler later years , Mordecai_Richler was a newspaper columnist for The National Post of Toronto and The Gazette of Montreal .
eos In Mordecai_Richler later years , Mordecai_Richler was a newspaper columnist for The National Post of Toronto and The Gazette of Montreal . Mordecai_Richler had little tolerance for pomposity , pretense or provincialism . Often derisive of the Quebec separatists ,
eos Mordecai_Richler had little tolerance for pomposity , pretense or provincialism . Often derisive of the Quebec separatists , Mordecai_Richler was a critic of Quebec 's restrictive language laws .
eos Often derisive of the Quebec separatists , Mordecai_Richler was a critic of Quebec 's restrictive language laws . Mordecai_Richler was not bilingual , but Mordecai_Richler knew enough French to be able to read newspaper articles . Quebec nationalists criticized
eos Quebec nationalists criticized Mordecai_Richler for never mastering French . Another favorite Richler target was the government - subsidized Canadian literary movement of the 1970s and 80s . Late in life ,
eos Another favorite Richler target was the government - subsidized Canadian literary movement of the 1970s and 80s . Late in life , Mordecai_Richler seemed happy to settle into the role of curmudgeon . What never changed were
eos Late in life , Mordecai_Richler seemed happy to settle into the role of curmudgeon . What never changed were Mordecai_Richler caustic comments and disheveled appearance .
eos What never changed were Mordecai_Richler caustic comments and disheveled appearance . Mordecai_Richler was more than willing to say the unsayable - though often in a weary mumble , with head bowed , hair askew and drink in hand . Admirers praised
eos Admirers praised Mordecai_Richler for daring to tell uncomfortable truths . A 2004 oral biography by Michael Posner was entitled The Last Honest Man .
eos Admirers praised Mordecai_Richler for daring to tell uncomfortable truths . A 2004 oral biography by Michael Posner was entitled The Last Honest Man . Mordecai_Richler frequently said in interviews that
eos Admirers praised Mordecai_Richler for daring to tell uncomfortable truths . A 2004 oral biography by Michael Posner was entitled The Last Honest Man . Mordecai_Richler frequently said in interviews that Mordecai_Richler goal was to be an honest witness to
eos Admirers praised Mordecai_Richler for daring to tell uncomfortable truths . A 2004 oral biography by Michael Posner was entitled The Last Honest Man . Mordecai_Richler frequently said in interviews that Mordecai_Richler goal was to be an honest witness to Mordecai_Richler time and place , and to write at least one book that would be read after
eos A 2004 oral biography by Michael Posner was entitled The Last Honest Man . Mordecai_Richler frequently said in interviews that Mordecai_Richler goal was to be an honest witness to Mordecai_Richler time and place , and to write at least one book that would be read after Mordecai_Richler death .
eos Mordecai_Richler frequently said in interviews that Mordecai_Richler goal was to be an honest witness to Mordecai_Richler time and place , and to write at least one book that would be read after Mordecai_Richler death . Mordecai_Richler work was championed by journalists Robert Fulford and Peter Gzowski , among others . Detractors called
eos Mordecai_Richler frequently said in interviews that Mordecai_Richler goal was to be an honest witness to Mordecai_Richler time and place , and to write at least one book that would be read after Mordecai_Richler death . Mordecai_Richler work was championed by journalists Robert Fulford and Peter Gzowski , among others . Detractors called Mordecai_Richler satire heavy - handed and noted
eos Mordecai_Richler work was championed by journalists Robert Fulford and Peter Gzowski , among others . Detractors called Mordecai_Richler satire heavy - handed and noted Mordecai_Richler propensity for recycling material . Some critics thought
eos Detractors called Mordecai_Richler satire heavy - handed and noted Mordecai_Richler propensity for recycling material . Some critics thought Mordecai_Richler more adept at sketching striking scenes than crafting coherent narratives .
eos Some critics thought Mordecai_Richler more adept at sketching striking scenes than crafting coherent narratives . Mordecai_Richler ambivalent relationship with Montreal 's Jewish community was captured in Mordecai and Me , a book by Joel Yanofsky published in 2003 .
eos Mordecai_Richler ambivalent relationship with Montreal 's Jewish community was captured in Mordecai and Me , a book by Joel Yanofsky published in 2003 . Mordecai_Richler was also the subject of a 1986 National Film Board of Canada documentary by Alan Handel . Among
eos Mordecai_Richler was also the subject of a 1986 National Film Board of Canada documentary by Alan Handel . Among Mordecai_Richler many awards and honours was a 1990 Commonwealth Writers Prize .
eos Mordecai_Richler was also the subject of a 1986 National Film Board of Canada documentary by Alan Handel . Among Mordecai_Richler many awards and honours was a 1990 Commonwealth Writers Prize . Mordecai_Richler was made a Companion of the Order of Canada in 2001 , just a few months before
eos Mordecai_Richler was made a Companion of the Order of Canada in 2001 , just a few months before Mordecai_Richler death . It was an ironic finale that might have made a memorable scene in a Richler novel : a fierce critic of the Canadian establishment accepting the country 's highest honour .
eos Mordecai_Richler was made a Companion of the Order of Canada in 2001 , just a few months before Mordecai_Richler death . It was an ironic finale that might have made a memorable scene in a Richler novel : a fierce critic of the Canadian establishment accepting the country 's highest honour . Mordecai_Richler raised five children with
eos It was an ironic finale that might have made a memorable scene in a Richler novel : a fierce critic of the Canadian establishment accepting the country 's highest honour . Mordecai_Richler raised five children with Mordecai_Richler wife Florence . The best known is
eos Mordecai_Richler raised five children with Mordecai_Richler wife Florence . The best known is Mordecai_Richler stepson , Daniel , a longstanding figure in Canadian media and broadcasting . In The Last Honest Man friends made special mention of
eos Mordecai_Richler raised five children with Mordecai_Richler wife Florence . The best known is Mordecai_Richler stepson , Daniel , a longstanding figure in Canadian media and broadcasting . In The Last Honest Man friends made special mention of Mordecai_Richler happy marriage and
eos The best known is Mordecai_Richler stepson , Daniel , a longstanding figure in Canadian media and broadcasting . In The Last Honest Man friends made special mention of Mordecai_Richler happy marriage and Mordecai_Richler warm family life .
eos 
eos ( Hebrew : מֹשֶׁה , Standard Mošə Tiberian Mōšeh ; Arabic : موسى , Mūsa ; Ge'ez : ሙሴ Musse ) is a Biblical Hebrew liberator , leader , lawgiver , prophet , and historian .
eos Arabic : موسى , Mūsa ; Ge'ez : ሙሴ Musse ) is a Biblical Hebrew liberator , leader , lawgiver , prophet , and historian . Moses is considered one of the greatest figures of the Bible .
eos 
eos Muhammad ( Arabic "" Arabic : محمد "" ' ; also Mohammed , Mohamet , and other variants ) , 570 - 632 CE , was an Arab religious and political leader
eos Muhammad ( Arabic "" Arabic : محمد "" ' ; also Mohammed , Mohamet , and other variants ) , 570 - 632 CE , was an Arab religious and political leader Muhammad established Islam and the Muslim community ( Ummah , Arabic : أمة ) to whom
eos Muhammad ( Arabic "" Arabic : محمد "" ' ; also Mohammed , Mohamet , and other variants ) , 570 - 632 CE , was an Arab religious and political leader Muhammad established Islam and the Muslim community ( Ummah , Arabic : أمة ) to whom Muhammad preached .
eos ( Arabic "" Arabic : محمد "" ' ; also Mohammed , Mohamet , and other variants ) , 570 - 632 CE , was an Arab religious and political leader Muhammad established Islam and the Muslim community ( Ummah , Arabic : أمة ) to whom Muhammad preached . Muhammad united the tribes of the Arabian Peninsula into a federation of allied tribes with its capital at Medina .
eos Muhammad united the tribes of the Arabian Peninsula into a federation of allied tribes with its capital at Medina . Muhammad is considered a prophet in both the Islamic and Baha'i religious traditions . Muslims do not regard
eos Muhammad united the tribes of the Arabian Peninsula into a federation of allied tribes with its capital at Medina . Muhammad is considered a prophet in both the Islamic and Baha'i religious traditions . Muslims do not regard Muhammad as the founder of a new religion , but rather believe
eos Muhammad united the tribes of the Arabian Peninsula into a federation of allied tribes with its capital at Medina . Muhammad is considered a prophet in both the Islamic and Baha'i religious traditions . Muslims do not regard Muhammad as the founder of a new religion , but rather believe Muhammad to be the last in a line of prophets of God ( Arabic Allah ) and regard
eos Muhammad is considered a prophet in both the Islamic and Baha'i religious traditions . Muslims do not regard Muhammad as the founder of a new religion , but rather believe Muhammad to be the last in a line of prophets of God ( Arabic Allah ) and regard Muhammad mission as one of restoring the original monotheistic faith of Adam , Abraham and other prophets that had become corrupted ( only misinterpreted according to the majority of early and some modern scholars ) by man over time . For the last 23 years of Muhammad life , beginning at the age of forty ,
eos Muhammad is considered a prophet in both the Islamic and Baha'i religious traditions . Muslims do not regard Muhammad as the founder of a new religion , but rather believe Muhammad to be the last in a line of prophets of God ( Arabic Allah ) and regard Muhammad mission as one of restoring the original monotheistic faith of Adam , Abraham and other prophets that had become corrupted ( only misinterpreted according to the majority of early and some modern scholars ) by man over time . For the last 23 years of
eos Muslims do not regard Muhammad as the founder of a new religion , but rather believe Muhammad to be the last in a line of prophets of God ( Arabic Allah ) and regard Muhammad mission as one of restoring the original monotheistic faith of Adam , Abraham and other prophets that had become corrupted ( only misinterpreted according to the majority of early and some modern scholars ) by man over time . For the last 23 years of Muhammad life , beginning at the age of forty , Muhammad reported receiving revelations from God delivered through the angel Gabriel . The content of these revelations , known as the Qur ` an , was memorized and recorded by
eos Muslims do not regard Muhammad as the founder of a new religion , but rather believe Muhammad to be the last in a line of prophets of God ( Arabic Allah ) and regard Muhammad mission as one of restoring the original monotheistic faith of Adam , Abraham and other prophets that had become corrupted ( only misinterpreted according to the majority of early and some modern scholars ) by man over time . For the last 23 years of Muhammad life , beginning at the age of forty , Muhammad reported receiving revelations from God delivered through the angel Gabriel . The content of these revelations , known as the Qur ` an , was memorized and recorded by Muhammad followers and compiled into a single volume shortly after
eos For the last 23 years of Muhammad life , beginning at the age of forty , Muhammad reported receiving revelations from God delivered through the angel Gabriel . The content of these revelations , known as the Qur ` an , was memorized and recorded by Muhammad followers and compiled into a single volume shortly after Muhammad death . The Qur ` an , along with the details of
eos For the last 23 years of Muhammad life , beginning at the age of forty , Muhammad reported receiving revelations from God delivered through the angel Gabriel . The content of these revelations , known as the Qur ` an , was memorized and recorded by Muhammad followers and compiled into a single volume shortly after Muhammad death . The Qur ` an , along with the details of Muhammad life as recounted by
eos For the last 23 years of Muhammad life , beginning at the age of forty , Muhammad reported receiving revelations from God delivered through the angel Gabriel . The content of these revelations , known as the Qur ` an , was memorized and recorded by Muhammad followers and compiled into a single volume shortly after Muhammad death . The Qur ` an , along with the details of Muhammad life as recounted by Muhammad biographers and
eos 
eos Napoleon_I_of_France , Emperor of the French , King of Italy , Mediator of the Swiss Confederation and Protector of the Confederation of the Rhine , born Napoleone di Buonaparte ( 15 august 1769 - 5 May 1821 ) , was a general during the French Revolution , the ruler of France as First Consul ( Premier Consul ) of the French Republic from 11 november 1799 to 18 May 1804 , Emperor of the French ( Empereur des Français ) under the name Napoleon I ( Napoléon 1er ) from 18 May 1804 to 6 april 1814 , and Napoleon_I_of_France was briefly restored as Emperor from 20 march to 22 june 1815 . Over the course of little more than a decade , the armies of France under
eos Over the course of little more than a decade , the armies of France under Napoleon_I_of_France command fought almost every European power , often simultaneously , and acquired control of most of continental Europe by conquest or alliance . The disastrous invasion of Russia in 1812 marked a turning point . Following the Russian campaign and the defeat at Leipzig in october 1813 ,
eos The disastrous invasion of Russia in 1812 marked a turning point . Following the Russian campaign and the defeat at Leipzig in october 1813 , Napoleon_I_of_France abdicated in april 1814 after the Allies invaded France .
eos Following the Russian campaign and the defeat at Leipzig in october 1813 , Napoleon_I_of_France abdicated in april 1814 after the Allies invaded France . Napoleon_I_of_France was exiled to the island of Elba .
eos Napoleon_I_of_France was exiled to the island of Elba . Napoleon_I_of_France staged a comeback known as the Hundred Days ( les Cent Jours ) , but Napoleon_I_of_France was defeated at Waterloo on 18 june , 1815 .
eos Napoleon_I_of_France was exiled to the island of Elba . Napoleon_I_of_France staged a comeback known as the Hundred Days ( les Cent Jours ) , but Napoleon_I_of_France was defeated at Waterloo on 18 june , 1815 . Napoleon_I_of_France spent the remaining six years of
eos Napoleon_I_of_France staged a comeback known as the Hundred Days ( les Cent Jours ) , but Napoleon_I_of_France was defeated at Waterloo on 18 june , 1815 . Napoleon_I_of_France spent the remaining six years of Napoleon_I_of_France life on the island of St. Helena in the Atlantic Ocean under British supervision . Although
eos Napoleon_I_of_France staged a comeback known as the Hundred Days ( les Cent Jours ) , but Napoleon_I_of_France was defeated at Waterloo on 18 june , 1815 . Napoleon_I_of_France spent the remaining six years of Napoleon_I_of_France life on the island of St. Helena in the Atlantic Ocean under British supervision . Although Napoleon_I_of_France developed few military innovations , apart from the divisional squares employed in Egypt and the placement of artillery into batteries ,
eos Napoleon_I_of_France spent the remaining six years of Napoleon_I_of_France life on the island of St. Helena in the Atlantic Ocean under British supervision . Although Napoleon_I_of_France developed few military innovations , apart from the divisional squares employed in Egypt and the placement of artillery into batteries , Napoleon_I_of_France used the best tactics from a variety of sources , and the modernized French army reformed by several revolutionary governments , to score several major victories .
eos Napoleon_I_of_France spent the remaining six years of Napoleon_I_of_France life on the island of St. Helena in the Atlantic Ocean under British supervision . Although Napoleon_I_of_France developed few military innovations , apart from the divisional squares employed in Egypt and the placement of artillery into batteries , Napoleon_I_of_France used the best tactics from a variety of sources , and the modernized French army reformed by several revolutionary governments , to score several major victories . Napoleon_I_of_France campaigns are studied at military academies all over the world and
eos Although Napoleon_I_of_France developed few military innovations , apart from the divisional squares employed in Egypt and the placement of artillery into batteries , Napoleon_I_of_France used the best tactics from a variety of sources , and the modernized French army reformed by several revolutionary governments , to score several major victories . Napoleon_I_of_France campaigns are studied at military academies all over the world and Napoleon_I_of_France is widely regarded as one of the greatest commanders ever to have lived . Aside from
eos Although Napoleon_I_of_France developed few military innovations , apart from the divisional squares employed in Egypt and the placement of artillery into batteries , Napoleon_I_of_France used the best tactics from a variety of sources , and the modernized French army reformed by several revolutionary governments , to score several major victories . Napoleon_I_of_France campaigns are studied at military academies all over the world and Napoleon_I_of_France is widely regarded as one of the greatest commanders ever to have lived . Aside from Napoleon_I_of_France military achievements ,
eos Napoleon_I_of_France campaigns are studied at military academies all over the world and Napoleon_I_of_France is widely regarded as one of the greatest commanders ever to have lived . Aside from Napoleon_I_of_France military achievements , Napoleon_I_of_France is also remembered for the establishment of the Napoleonic Code .
eos Napoleon_I_of_France campaigns are studied at military academies all over the world and Napoleon_I_of_France is widely regarded as one of the greatest commanders ever to have lived . Aside from Napoleon_I_of_France military achievements , Napoleon_I_of_France is also remembered for the establishment of the Napoleonic Code . Napoleon_I_of_France also appointed several members of the Bonaparte family and close friends as monarchs of countries
eos Aside from Napoleon_I_of_France military achievements , Napoleon_I_of_France is also remembered for the establishment of the Napoleonic Code . Napoleon_I_of_France also appointed several members of the Bonaparte family and close friends as monarchs of countries Napoleon_I_of_France conquered and as important government figures (
eos Napoleon_I_of_France also appointed several members of the Bonaparte family and close friends as monarchs of countries Napoleon_I_of_France conquered and as important government figures ( Napoleon_I_of_France brother Lucien was Minister of the Interior of France during the Consulate ) . Although their reigns did not survive
eos 
eos Neil_Young OM ( born november 12 , 1945 , Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter and guitarist
eos Neil_Young OM ( born november 12 , 1945 , Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter and guitarist Neil_Young grew up in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
eos Neil_Young OM ( born november 12 , 1945 , Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter and guitarist Neil_Young grew up in Winnipeg , Manitoba . Neil_Young work is characterized by deeply personal lyrics , distinctive guitar work , and an almost instantly recognizable nasal tenor ( and frequently alto ) singing voice . Although
eos Neil_Young OM ( born november 12 , 1945 , Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter and guitarist Neil_Young grew up in Winnipeg , Manitoba . Neil_Young work is characterized by deeply personal lyrics , distinctive guitar work , and an almost instantly recognizable nasal tenor ( and frequently alto ) singing voice . Although Neil_Young accompanies
eos Neil_Young OM ( born november 12 , 1945 , Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter and guitarist Neil_Young grew up in Winnipeg , Manitoba . Neil_Young work is characterized by deeply personal lyrics , distinctive guitar work , and an almost instantly recognizable nasal tenor ( and frequently alto ) singing voice . Although Neil_Young accompanies Neil_Young on several different instruments - including piano and harmonica -
eos Neil_Young work is characterized by deeply personal lyrics , distinctive guitar work , and an almost instantly recognizable nasal tenor ( and frequently alto ) singing voice . Although Neil_Young accompanies Neil_Young on several different instruments - including piano and harmonica - Neil_Young style of hammer - on acoustic guitar and often idiosyncratic soloing on electric guitar are the lynchpins of a sometimes ragged , sometimes polished , yet consistently evocative sound . In more recent years ,
eos Neil_Young work is characterized by deeply personal lyrics , distinctive guitar work , and an almost instantly recognizable nasal tenor ( and frequently alto ) singing voice . Although Neil_Young accompanies Neil_Young on several different instruments - including piano and harmonica - Neil_Young style of hammer - on acoustic guitar and often idiosyncratic soloing on electric guitar are the lynchpins of a sometimes ragged , sometimes polished , yet consistently evocative sound . In more recent years , Neil_Young has started to adopt elements from newer styles of music , such as industrial and grunge , the latter of which was profoundly influenced by
eos 
eos Nellie_McClung , ( october 20 1873 - september 1 1951 ) was a Canadian feminist , politician , and social activist .
eos Nellie_McClung , ( october 20 1873 - september 1 1951 ) was a Canadian feminist , politician , and social activist . Nellie_McClung was a part of the social and moral reform movements prevalent in Western Canada in the early 1900s .
eos Nellie_McClung was a part of the social and moral reform movements prevalent in Western Canada in the early 1900s . Nellie_McClung was also the grandmother of outspoken Alberta judge John McClung .
eos Nellie_McClung was also the grandmother of outspoken Alberta judge John McClung . Nellie_McClung was born Nellie Letitia Mooney , in Grey County , Ontario . As a young girl ,
eos Nellie_McClung was also the grandmother of outspoken Alberta judge John McClung . Nellie_McClung was born Nellie Letitia Mooney , in Grey County , Ontario . As a young girl , Nellie_McClung moved with
eos Nellie_McClung was born Nellie Letitia Mooney , in Grey County , Ontario . As a young girl , Nellie_McClung moved with Nellie_McClung family to a homestead in the Souris Valley of Manitoba in 1880 .
eos Nellie_McClung was born Nellie Letitia Mooney , in Grey County , Ontario . As a young girl , Nellie_McClung moved with Nellie_McClung family to a homestead in the Souris Valley of Manitoba in 1880 . Nellie_McClung lived in the West for the rest of
eos As a young girl , Nellie_McClung moved with Nellie_McClung family to a homestead in the Souris Valley of Manitoba in 1880 . Nellie_McClung lived in the West for the rest of Nellie_McClung life - in Manitou , Winnipeg , Edmonton , Calgary and Victoria . Although Nellie_McClung did n't begin school until
eos As a young girl , Nellie_McClung moved with Nellie_McClung family to a homestead in the Souris Valley of Manitoba in 1880 . Nellie_McClung lived in the West for the rest of Nellie_McClung life - in Manitou , Winnipeg , Edmonton , Calgary and Victoria . Although Nellie_McClung did n't begin school until Nellie_McClung was ten ,
eos As a young girl , Nellie_McClung moved with Nellie_McClung family to a homestead in the Souris Valley of Manitoba in 1880 . Nellie_McClung lived in the West for the rest of Nellie_McClung life - in Manitou , Winnipeg , Edmonton , Calgary and Victoria . Although
eos Nellie_McClung lived in the West for the rest of Nellie_McClung life - in Manitou , Winnipeg , Edmonton , Calgary and Victoria . Although Nellie_McClung did n't begin school until Nellie_McClung was ten , Nellie_McClung received a teaching certificate at age sixteen .
eos Nellie_McClung lived in the West for the rest of Nellie_McClung life - in Manitou , Winnipeg , Edmonton , Calgary and Victoria . Although Nellie_McClung did n't begin school until Nellie_McClung was ten , Nellie_McClung received a teaching certificate at age sixteen . Nellie_McClung taught school until
eos Although Nellie_McClung did n't begin school until Nellie_McClung was ten , Nellie_McClung received a teaching certificate at age sixteen . Nellie_McClung taught school until Nellie_McClung married Robert Wesley McClung in 1896 .
eos Although Nellie_McClung did n't begin school until Nellie_McClung was ten , Nellie_McClung received a teaching certificate at age sixteen . Nellie_McClung taught school until Nellie_McClung married Robert Wesley McClung in 1896 . Nellie_McClung published
eos It was a national best seller and was followed by numerous short stories and articles in Canadian and American magazines . In 1911 , the McClungs moved to Winnipeg . The women 's rights movement in Winnipeg embraced
eos In 1911 , the McClungs moved to Winnipeg . The women 's rights movement in Winnipeg embraced Nellie_McClung . An effective speaker with a sense of humour ,
eos The women 's rights movement in Winnipeg embraced Nellie_McClung . An effective speaker with a sense of humour , Nellie_McClung played a leading role in the successful Liberal campaign in 1914 .
eos An effective speaker with a sense of humour , Nellie_McClung played a leading role in the successful Liberal campaign in 1914 . Nellie_McClung great causes were women 's suffrage and temperance . It was largely through
eos It was largely through Nellie_McClung efforts that in 1916 Manitoba became the first province to give women the right to vote and to run for public office . The Government of Canada followed suit that same year . After moving to Edmonton , Alberta ,
eos The Government of Canada followed suit that same year . After moving to Edmonton , Alberta , Nellie_McClung continued the campaign for suffrage .
eos After moving to Edmonton , Alberta , Nellie_McClung continued the campaign for suffrage . Nellie_McClung championed dental and medical care for school children , married women 's property rights , mothers ' allowances , factory safety legislation and many other reforms . Not as acknowledged , is the fact
eos It was a time of sweeping social change . Western Canada had seen major immigration in the decades preceding and following the turn of the 20th century . Changes to farm life , the plight of immigrants , conditions in cities and factories , prohibition , women 's suffrage , World War I , and the Depression were historical events influencing
eos Western Canada had seen major immigration in the decades preceding and following the turn of the 20th century . Changes to farm life , the plight of immigrants , conditions in cities and factories , prohibition , women 's suffrage , World War I , and the Depression were historical events influencing Nellie_McClung . Called a crusader by some ,
eos Western Canada had seen major immigration in the decades preceding and following the turn of the 20th century . Changes to farm life , the plight of immigrants , conditions in cities and factories , prohibition , women 's suffrage , World War I , and the Depression were historical events influencing Nellie_McClung . Called a crusader by some , Nellie_McClung was nevertheless a pragmatic leader
eos Changes to farm life , the plight of immigrants , conditions in cities and factories , prohibition , women 's suffrage , World War I , and the Depression were historical events influencing Nellie_McClung . Called a crusader by some , Nellie_McClung was nevertheless a pragmatic leader Nellie_McClung put words into action .
eos Called a crusader by some , Nellie_McClung was nevertheless a pragmatic leader Nellie_McClung put words into action . Nellie_McClung served as a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1921 to 1926 .
eos Nellie_McClung was one of The Famous Five ( also called The Valiant Five ) , with Irene Parlby , Henrietta Muir Edwards , Emily Murphy and Louise McKinney ; who , in 1927 , put forward a petition to clarify the word ` ` Person '' in Section 24 of the British North America Act ( the Persons Case ) . On october 18 , 1929 , the Privy Council found that ` ` Person '' includes female persons , thereby making women eligible for appointment to the Canadian Senate .
eos Nellie_McClung was one of The Famous Five ( also called The Valiant Five ) , with Irene Parlby , Henrietta Muir Edwards , Emily Murphy and Louise McKinney ; who , in 1927 , put forward a petition to clarify the word ` ` Person '' in Section 24 of the British North America Act ( the Persons Case ) . On october 18 , 1929 , the Privy Council found that ` ` Person '' includes female persons , thereby making women eligible for appointment to the Canadian Senate . Nellie_McClung founded a number of organizations : the Winnipeg Political Equality League , the Federated Women 's Institutes of Canada and the Women 's Institute of Edmonton ( of which
eos On october 18 , 1929 , the Privy Council found that ` ` Person '' includes female persons , thereby making women eligible for appointment to the Canadian Senate . Nellie_McClung founded a number of organizations : the Winnipeg Political Equality League , the Federated Women 's Institutes of Canada and the Women 's Institute of Edmonton ( of which Nellie_McClung was the first president ) .
eos Nellie_McClung founded a number of organizations : the Winnipeg Political Equality League , the Federated Women 's Institutes of Canada and the Women 's Institute of Edmonton ( of which Nellie_McClung was the first president ) . Nellie_McClung was also active in the Woman 's Christian Temperance Union , the Canadian Authors Association , the Canadian Women 's Press Club , the Methodist Church of Canada and the Calgary Women 's Literary Club .
eos Nellie_McClung was also active in the Woman 's Christian Temperance Union , the Canadian Authors Association , the Canadian Women 's Press Club , the Methodist Church of Canada and the Calgary Women 's Literary Club . Nellie_McClung had many firsts : delegate to the Women 's War Conference in Ottawa in 1918 ; sole woman delegate of the Methodist Church of Canada to the Ecumenical Conference in London , 1921 ; the only woman in the Canadian delegation to the League of Nations , Geneva , Switzerland in 1938 and first woman member of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( CBC ) Board of Broadcast Governors ( from 1936 to 1942 ) .
eos Nellie_McClung had many firsts : delegate to the Women 's War Conference in Ottawa in 1918 ; sole woman delegate of the Methodist Church of Canada to the Ecumenical Conference in London , 1921 ; the only woman in the Canadian delegation to the League of Nations , Geneva , Switzerland in 1938 and first woman member of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( CBC ) Board of Broadcast Governors ( from 1936 to 1942 ) . Nellie_McClung toured Canada , the United States and England as an author and activist . The first volume of
eos Nellie_McClung had many firsts : delegate to the Women 's War Conference in Ottawa in 1918 ; sole woman delegate of the Methodist Church of Canada to the Ecumenical Conference in London , 1921 ; the only woman in the Canadian delegation to the League of Nations , Geneva , Switzerland in 1938 and first woman member of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( CBC ) Board of Broadcast Governors ( from 1936 to 1942 ) . Nellie_McClung toured Canada , the United States and England as an author and activist . The first volume of Nellie_McClung autobiography , Clearing in the West : My Own Story was published in 1933 , after
eos Nellie_McClung had many firsts : delegate to the Women 's War Conference in Ottawa in 1918 ; sole woman delegate of the Methodist Church of Canada to the Ecumenical Conference in London , 1921 ; the only woman in the Canadian delegation to the League of Nations , Geneva , Switzerland in 1938 and first woman member of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( CBC ) Board of Broadcast Governors ( from 1936 to 1942 ) . Nellie_McClung toured Canada , the United States and England as an author and activist . The first volume of Nellie_McClung autobiography , Clearing in the West : My Own Story was published in 1933 , after Nellie_McClung and
eos Nellie_McClung toured Canada , the United States and England as an author and activist . The first volume of Nellie_McClung autobiography , Clearing in the West : My Own Story was published in 1933 , after Nellie_McClung and Nellie_McClung family moved to Vancouver .
eos The first volume of Nellie_McClung autobiography , Clearing in the West : My Own Story was published in 1933 , after Nellie_McClung and Nellie_McClung family moved to Vancouver . Nellie_McClung wrote sixteen books , many short stories and a syndicated column . Although
eos The first volume of Nellie_McClung autobiography , Clearing in the West : My Own Story was published in 1933 , after Nellie_McClung and Nellie_McClung family moved to Vancouver . Nellie_McClung wrote sixteen books , many short stories and a syndicated column . Although Nellie_McClung was forgotten for a decade ,
eos 
eos Nelson_Mandela ( IPA ) ( born july 18 , 1918 ) was the first President of South Africa to be elected in fully - representative democratic elections . Before
eos Nelson_Mandela ( IPA ) ( born july 18 , 1918 ) was the first President of South Africa to be elected in fully - representative democratic elections . Before Nelson_Mandela presidency
eos Nelson_Mandela ( IPA ) ( born july 18 , 1918 ) was the first President of South Africa to be elected in fully - representative democratic elections . Before Nelson_Mandela presidency Nelson_Mandela was a prominent anti - apartheid activist and leader of the African National Congress .
eos Nelson_Mandela ( IPA ) ( born july 18 , 1918 ) was the first President of South Africa to be elected in fully - representative democratic elections . Before Nelson_Mandela presidency Nelson_Mandela was a prominent anti - apartheid activist and leader of the African National Congress . Nelson_Mandela was tried and imprisoned for
eos Before Nelson_Mandela presidency Nelson_Mandela was a prominent anti - apartheid activist and leader of the African National Congress . Nelson_Mandela was tried and imprisoned for Nelson_Mandela involvement in underground armed resistance activities . The armed struggle was a last resort ;
eos Nelson_Mandela was tried and imprisoned for Nelson_Mandela involvement in underground armed resistance activities . The armed struggle was a last resort ; Nelson_Mandela had remained steadfastly committed to non - violence . Through
eos Nelson_Mandela was tried and imprisoned for Nelson_Mandela involvement in underground armed resistance activities . The armed struggle was a last resort ; Nelson_Mandela had remained steadfastly committed to non - violence . Through Nelson_Mandela 27-year imprisonment , much of it spent in a cell on Robben Island ,
eos The armed struggle was a last resort ; Nelson_Mandela had remained steadfastly committed to non - violence . Through Nelson_Mandela 27-year imprisonment , much of it spent in a cell on Robben Island , Nelson_Mandela became the most widely known figure in the struggle against South African apartheid . Although the apartheid regime and nations sympathetic to it considered
eos Through Nelson_Mandela 27-year imprisonment , much of it spent in a cell on Robben Island , Nelson_Mandela became the most widely known figure in the struggle against South African apartheid . Although the apartheid regime and nations sympathetic to it considered Nelson_Mandela and the ANC to be communists and terrorists , the armed struggle was an integral part of the overall campaign against apartheid . The switch in policy to that of reconciliation , which
eos Through Nelson_Mandela 27-year imprisonment , much of it spent in a cell on Robben Island , Nelson_Mandela became the most widely known figure in the struggle against South African apartheid . Although the apartheid regime and nations sympathetic to it considered Nelson_Mandela and the ANC to be communists and terrorists , the armed struggle was an integral part of the overall campaign against apartheid . The switch in policy to that of reconciliation , which Nelson_Mandela pursued upon
eos Although the apartheid regime and nations sympathetic to it considered Nelson_Mandela and the ANC to be communists and terrorists , the armed struggle was an integral part of the overall campaign against apartheid . The switch in policy to that of reconciliation , which Nelson_Mandela pursued upon Nelson_Mandela release in 1990 , facilitated a peaceful transition to fully - representative democracy in South Africa . Having received over a hundred awards over four decades ,
eos Although the apartheid regime and nations sympathetic to it considered Nelson_Mandela and the ANC to be communists and terrorists , the armed struggle was an integral part of the overall campaign against apartheid . The switch in policy to that of reconciliation , which Nelson_Mandela pursued upon Nelson_Mandela release in 1990 , facilitated a peaceful transition to fully - representative democracy in South Africa . Having received over a hundred awards over four decades , Nelson_Mandela is currently a celebrated elder statesman
eos Although the apartheid regime and nations sympathetic to it considered Nelson_Mandela and the ANC to be communists and terrorists , the armed struggle was an integral part of the overall campaign against apartheid . The switch in policy to that of reconciliation , which Nelson_Mandela pursued upon Nelson_Mandela release in 1990 , facilitated a peaceful transition to fully - representative democracy in South Africa . Having received over a hundred awards over four decades , Nelson_Mandela is currently a celebrated elder statesman Nelson_Mandela continues to voice
eos The switch in policy to that of reconciliation , which Nelson_Mandela pursued upon Nelson_Mandela release in 1990 , facilitated a peaceful transition to fully - representative democracy in South Africa . Having received over a hundred awards over four decades , Nelson_Mandela is currently a celebrated elder statesman Nelson_Mandela continues to voice Nelson_Mandela opinion on topical issues . In South Africa
eos The switch in policy to that of reconciliation , which Nelson_Mandela pursued upon Nelson_Mandela release in 1990 , facilitated a peaceful transition to fully - representative democracy in South Africa . Having received over a hundred awards over four decades , Nelson_Mandela is currently a celebrated elder statesman Nelson_Mandela continues to voice Nelson_Mandela opinion on topical issues . In South Africa Nelson_Mandela is often known as Madiba , an honorary title adopted by elders of
eos Having received over a hundred awards over four decades , Nelson_Mandela is currently a celebrated elder statesman Nelson_Mandela continues to voice Nelson_Mandela opinion on topical issues . In South Africa Nelson_Mandela is often known as Madiba , an honorary title adopted by elders of Nelson_Mandela clan . The title has come to be synonymous with
eos In South Africa Nelson_Mandela is often known as Madiba , an honorary title adopted by elders of Nelson_Mandela clan . The title has come to be synonymous with Nelson_Mandela . Many South Africans also refer to
eos 
eos Niall_Ferguson ( b. april 18 , 1964 in Glasgow , Scotland ) is a widely published and controversial British historian of modern imperialism .
eos Niall_Ferguson ( b. april 18 , 1964 in Glasgow , Scotland ) is a widely published and controversial British historian of modern imperialism . Niall_Ferguson was educated as a Demy at Magdalen College , Oxford , graduating with a first class honours degree .
eos Niall_Ferguson was educated as a Demy at Magdalen College , Oxford , graduating with a first class honours degree . Niall_Ferguson is the Laurence A Tisch Professor of History at Harvard University , a Senior Research Fellow of Jesus College , Oxford University and a Senior Fellow of the Hoover Institution , Stanford University .
eos 
eos Niccolo_Machiavelli ( May 3 , 1469 - june 21 , 1527 ) was a political philosopher , musician , poet , and romantic comedic playwright .
eos Niccolo_Machiavelli ( May 3 , 1469 - june 21 , 1527 ) was a political philosopher , musician , poet , and romantic comedic playwright . Niccolo_Machiavelli is a key figure of the Italian Renaissance and a central figure of its political component , most widely known for
eos 
eos 
eos Nicolaus_Copernicus ( february 19 , 1473 - May 24 , 1543 ) was an astronomer
eos Nicolaus_Copernicus ( february 19 , 1473 - May 24 , 1543 ) was an astronomer Nicolaus_Copernicus provided the first modern formulation of a heliocentric ( sun - centered ) theory of the solar system in
eos Nicolaus_Copernicus ( february 19 , 1473 - May 24 , 1543 ) was an astronomer Nicolaus_Copernicus provided the first modern formulation of a heliocentric ( sun - centered ) theory of the solar system in Nicolaus_Copernicus epochal book , De revolutionibus orbium coelestium ( On the Revolutions of the Celestial Spheres ) .
eos ( On the Revolutions of the Celestial Spheres ) . Nicolaus_Copernicus was one of the great polymaths of the Renaissance .
eos Nicolaus_Copernicus was one of the great polymaths of the Renaissance . Nicolaus_Copernicus was a mathematician , astronomer , jurist , physician , classical scholar , governor , administrator , diplomat , economist and soldier . Amid
eos Nicolaus_Copernicus was one of the great polymaths of the Renaissance . Nicolaus_Copernicus was a mathematician , astronomer , jurist , physician , classical scholar , governor , administrator , diplomat , economist and soldier . Amid Nicolaus_Copernicus extensive responsibilities ,
eos Nicolaus_Copernicus was a mathematician , astronomer , jurist , physician , classical scholar , governor , administrator , diplomat , economist and soldier . Amid Nicolaus_Copernicus extensive responsibilities , Nicolaus_Copernicus treated astronomy as an avocation . However ,
eos 
eos Niels_Bohr "" IPA : "" nels ˈb̥oɐ̯ˀ "" "" ( october 7 , 1885 - november 18 , 1962 ) was a Danish physicist
eos "" nels ˈb̥oɐ̯ˀ "" "" ( october 7 , 1885 - november 18 , 1962 ) was a Danish physicist Niels_Bohr made fundamental contributions to understanding atomic structure and quantum mechanics .
eos 
eos ( "" Russian : Ники́та Серге́евич Хрущёв "" ; "" IPA : nʲɪˈkʲitə sʲɪˈrgʲejɪvʲɪtɕ xruˈɕːof "" ) ; surname more accurately romanized as Khrushchyov ; april 17 , 1894-september 11 , 1971 ) was the leader of the Soviet Union after the death of Joseph Stalin .
eos Ники́та Серге́евич Хрущёв "" ; "" IPA : nʲɪˈkʲitə sʲɪˈrgʲejɪvʲɪtɕ xruˈɕːof "" ) ; surname more accurately romanized as Khrushchyov ; april 17 , 1894-september 11 , 1971 ) was the leader of the Soviet Union after the death of Joseph Stalin . Nikita_Khrushchev was First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1953 to 1964 and Chairman of the Council of Ministers from 1958 to 1964 .
eos Ники́та Серге́евич Хрущёв "" ; "" IPA : nʲɪˈkʲitə sʲɪˈrgʲejɪvʲɪtɕ xruˈɕːof "" ) ; surname more accurately romanized as Khrushchyov ; april 17 , 1894-september 11 , 1971 ) was the leader of the Soviet Union after the death of Joseph Stalin . Nikita_Khrushchev was First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1953 to 1964 and Chairman of the Council of Ministers from 1958 to 1964 . Nikita_Khrushchev was removed from power by
eos Nikita_Khrushchev was First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1953 to 1964 and Chairman of the Council of Ministers from 1958 to 1964 . Nikita_Khrushchev was removed from power by Nikita_Khrushchev party colleagues in 1964 and replaced by Leonid Brezhnev .
eos Nikita_Khrushchev was First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1953 to 1964 and Chairman of the Council of Ministers from 1958 to 1964 . Nikita_Khrushchev was removed from power by Nikita_Khrushchev party colleagues in 1964 and replaced by Leonid Brezhnev . Nikita_Khrushchev spent the last seven years of
eos 
eos Oliver_Cromwell ( april 25 1599 - september 3 1658 ) was an English military and political leader best known for making England a republic and leading the Commonwealth of England . For the first forty years of
eos Oliver_Cromwell ( april 25 1599 - september 3 1658 ) was an English military and political leader best known for making England a republic and leading the Commonwealth of England . For the first forty years of Oliver_Cromwell life a middling gentry farmer ,
eos Oliver_Cromwell ( april 25 1599 - september 3 1658 ) was an English military and political leader best known for making England a republic and leading the Commonwealth of England . For the first forty years of Oliver_Cromwell life a middling gentry farmer , Oliver_Cromwell rose from the ranks to command the Army and eventually to impose
eos Oliver_Cromwell ( april 25 1599 - september 3 1658 ) was an English military and political leader best known for making England a republic and leading the Commonwealth of England . For the first forty years of Oliver_Cromwell life a middling gentry farmer , Oliver_Cromwell rose from the ranks to command the Army and eventually to impose Oliver_Cromwell rule on England , Scotland , and Ireland as Lord Protector , from december 16 1653 until
eos Oliver_Cromwell ( april 25 1599 - september 3 1658 ) was an English military and political leader best known for making England a republic and leading the Commonwealth of England . For the first forty years of Oliver_Cromwell life a middling gentry farmer , Oliver_Cromwell rose from the ranks to command the Army and eventually to impose Oliver_Cromwell rule on England , Scotland , and Ireland as Lord Protector , from december 16 1653 until Oliver_Cromwell death .
eos For the first forty years of Oliver_Cromwell life a middling gentry farmer , Oliver_Cromwell rose from the ranks to command the Army and eventually to impose Oliver_Cromwell rule on England , Scotland , and Ireland as Lord Protector , from december 16 1653 until Oliver_Cromwell death . Oliver_Cromwell is a very controversial figure in English history - a regicidal dictator to some historians ( such as David Hume and Christopher Hill ) and a hero of liberty to others ( such as Thomas Carlyle and Samuel Rawson Gardiner . ) Oliver_Cromwell was a regicide Oliver_Cromwell debated whether to accept the crown himself and decided not - though ironically Oliver_Cromwell had more power than Charles I
eos For the first forty years of Oliver_Cromwell life a middling gentry farmer , Oliver_Cromwell rose from the ranks to command the Army and eventually to impose Oliver_Cromwell rule on England , Scotland , and Ireland as Lord Protector , from december 16 1653 until Oliver_Cromwell death . Oliver_Cromwell is a very controversial figure in English history - a regicidal dictator to some historians ( such as David Hume and Christopher Hill ) and a hero of liberty to others ( such as Thomas Carlyle and Samuel Rawson Gardiner . )
eos For the first forty years of Oliver_Cromwell life a middling gentry farmer , Oliver_Cromwell rose from the ranks to command the Army and eventually to impose Oliver_Cromwell rule on England , Scotland , and Ireland as Lord Protector , from december 16 1653 until Oliver_Cromwell death . Oliver_Cromwell is a very controversial figure in English history - a regicidal dictator to some historians ( such as David Hume and Christopher Hill ) and a hero of liberty to others ( such as Thomas Carlyle and Samuel Rawson Gardiner . ) Oliver_Cromwell was a regicide
eos For the first forty years of Oliver_Cromwell life a middling gentry farmer , Oliver_Cromwell rose from the ranks to command the Army and eventually to impose Oliver_Cromwell rule on England , Scotland , and Ireland as Lord Protector , from december 16 1653 until Oliver_Cromwell death . Oliver_Cromwell is a very controversial figure in English history - a regicidal dictator to some historians ( such as David Hume and Christopher Hill ) and a hero of liberty to others ( such as Thomas Carlyle and Samuel Rawson Gardiner . ) Oliver_Cromwell was a regicide Oliver_Cromwell debated whether to accept the crown himself and decided not - though ironically
eos Oliver_Cromwell is a very controversial figure in English history - a regicidal dictator to some historians ( such as David Hume and Christopher Hill ) and a hero of liberty to others ( such as Thomas Carlyle and Samuel Rawson Gardiner . ) Oliver_Cromwell was a regicide Oliver_Cromwell debated whether to accept the crown himself and decided not - though ironically Oliver_Cromwell had more power than Charles I Oliver_Cromwell was a parliamentarian
eos Oliver_Cromwell is a very controversial figure in English history - a regicidal dictator to some historians ( such as David Hume and Christopher Hill ) and a hero of liberty to others ( such as Thomas Carlyle and Samuel Rawson Gardiner . ) Oliver_Cromwell was a regicide Oliver_Cromwell debated whether to accept the crown himself and decided not - though ironically Oliver_Cromwell had more power than Charles I Oliver_Cromwell was a parliamentarian Oliver_Cromwell ordered
eos Oliver_Cromwell was a regicide Oliver_Cromwell debated whether to accept the crown himself and decided not - though ironically Oliver_Cromwell had more power than Charles I Oliver_Cromwell was a parliamentarian Oliver_Cromwell ordered Oliver_Cromwell soldiers to dissolve parliaments .
eos Oliver_Cromwell ordered Oliver_Cromwell soldiers to dissolve parliaments . Oliver_Cromwell was devoted to Christian values yet
eos Oliver_Cromwell was devoted to Christian values yet Oliver_Cromwell conquests of Scotland and Ireland were brutal .
eos Oliver_Cromwell conquests of Scotland and Ireland were brutal . Oliver_Cromwell advocated religious liberty of conscience but Oliver_Cromwell allowed blasphemers to be tortured .
eos Oliver_Cromwell advocated religious liberty of conscience but Oliver_Cromwell allowed blasphemers to be tortured . Oliver_Cromwell advocated equitable justice but Oliver_Cromwell imprisoned those who criticized
eos Oliver_Cromwell advocated equitable justice but Oliver_Cromwell imprisoned those who criticized Oliver_Cromwell raising taxation outside the agreement of Parliament . Admirers hail
eos Oliver_Cromwell advocated equitable justice but Oliver_Cromwell imprisoned those who criticized Oliver_Cromwell raising taxation outside the agreement of Parliament . Admirers hail Oliver_Cromwell as a strong , stabilizing and stately leader
eos Admirers hail Oliver_Cromwell as a strong , stabilizing and stately leader Oliver_Cromwell brought international respect , Oliver_Cromwell overthrew tyranny and Oliver_Cromwell promoted republicanism and liberty . In a BBC poll of Great Britons ,
eos Oliver_Cromwell overthrew tyranny and Oliver_Cromwell promoted republicanism and liberty . In a BBC poll of Great Britons , Oliver_Cromwell was voted number 10 .
eos Oliver_Cromwell overthrew tyranny and Oliver_Cromwell promoted republicanism and liberty . In a BBC poll of Great Britons , Oliver_Cromwell was voted number 10 . Oliver_Cromwell critics ridiculed
eos Oliver_Cromwell overthrew tyranny and Oliver_Cromwell promoted republicanism and liberty . In a BBC poll of Great Britons , Oliver_Cromwell was voted number 10 . Oliver_Cromwell critics ridiculed Oliver_Cromwell as an overly ambitious hypocrite
eos In a BBC poll of Great Britons , Oliver_Cromwell was voted number 10 . Oliver_Cromwell critics ridiculed Oliver_Cromwell as an overly ambitious hypocrite Oliver_Cromwell betrayed the cause of liberty , Oliver_Cromwell imposed puritanical values and Oliver_Cromwell showed scant respect for the nation 's traditions . When the Royalists returned to power ,
eos 
eos Orhan_Pamuk ( born on june 7 , 1952 in Istanbul ) is a Nobel Prize - winning Turkish novelist .
eos Orhan_Pamuk ( born on june 7 , 1952 in Istanbul ) is a Nobel Prize - winning Turkish novelist . Orhan_Pamuk is often regarded as a post - modern writer .
eos Orhan_Pamuk ( born on june 7 , 1952 in Istanbul ) is a Nobel Prize - winning Turkish novelist . Orhan_Pamuk is often regarded as a post - modern writer . Orhan_Pamuk long - standing popularity in
eos Orhan_Pamuk ( born on june 7 , 1952 in Istanbul ) is a Nobel Prize - winning Turkish novelist . Orhan_Pamuk is often regarded as a post - modern writer . Orhan_Pamuk long - standing popularity in Orhan_Pamuk home country was affected by events in 2005 ( see ` ` Criminal case '' below ) , but
eos Orhan_Pamuk is often regarded as a post - modern writer . Orhan_Pamuk long - standing popularity in Orhan_Pamuk home country was affected by events in 2005 ( see ` ` Criminal case '' below ) , but Orhan_Pamuk readership around the globe continues to grow . As one of Turkey 's most prominent novelists ,
eos Orhan_Pamuk long - standing popularity in Orhan_Pamuk home country was affected by events in 2005 ( see ` ` Criminal case '' below ) , but Orhan_Pamuk readership around the globe continues to grow . As one of Turkey 's most prominent novelists , Orhan_Pamuk work has been translated into more than forty languages .
eos As one of Turkey 's most prominent novelists , Orhan_Pamuk work has been translated into more than forty languages . Orhan_Pamuk is the recipient of numerous national and international literary awards .
eos 
eos Oskar_Schindler ( april 28 , 1908 - october 9 , 1974 ) was a Sudeten German industrialist
eos Oskar_Schindler ( april 28 , 1908 - october 9 , 1974 ) was a Sudeten German industrialist Oskar_Schindler saved
eos Oskar_Schindler ( april 28 , 1908 - october 9 , 1974 ) was a Sudeten German industrialist Oskar_Schindler saved Oskar_Schindler Jewish workers from the Holocaust .
eos Oskar_Schindler ( april 28 , 1908 - october 9 , 1974 ) was a Sudeten German industrialist Oskar_Schindler saved Oskar_Schindler Jewish workers from the Holocaust . Oskar_Schindler saved as many as 1,200 Jews by having them work in
eos Oskar_Schindler ( april 28 , 1908 - october 9 , 1974 ) was a Sudeten German industrialist Oskar_Schindler saved Oskar_Schindler Jewish workers from the Holocaust . Oskar_Schindler saved as many as 1,200 Jews by having them work in Oskar_Schindler enamelware and munitions factories located in Poland and what is now the Czech Republic .
eos 
eos 
eos Otto_von_Bismarck , Prince von Bismarck , Duke of Lauenburg ( april 1 , 1815 - july 30 , 1898 ) was one of the most prominent European aristocrats and statesmen of the nineteenth century . As Minister - President of Prussia from 1862 to 1890 ,
eos Otto_von_Bismarck , Prince von Bismarck , Duke of Lauenburg ( april 1 , 1815 - july 30 , 1898 ) was one of the most prominent European aristocrats and statesmen of the nineteenth century . As Minister - President of Prussia from 1862 to 1890 , Otto_von_Bismarck engineered the unification of the numerous states of Germany . From 1867 on ,
eos As Minister - President of Prussia from 1862 to 1890 , Otto_von_Bismarck engineered the unification of the numerous states of Germany . From 1867 on , Otto_von_Bismarck was Chancellor of the North German Confederation . When the German Empire was declared in 1871 ,
eos From 1867 on , Otto_von_Bismarck was Chancellor of the North German Confederation . When the German Empire was declared in 1871 , Otto_von_Bismarck served as its first Chancellor .
eos When the German Empire was declared in 1871 , Otto_von_Bismarck served as its first Chancellor . Otto_von_Bismarck was made the Count of Bismarck - Schönhausen in 1865 , and in 1871 Otto_von_Bismarck became Prince ( Fürst ) of Bismarck . In 1890
eos Otto_von_Bismarck was made the Count of Bismarck - Schönhausen in 1865 , and in 1871 Otto_von_Bismarck became Prince ( Fürst ) of Bismarck . In 1890 Otto_von_Bismarck was also made the Duke of Lauenburg . The ducal title , which Otto_von_Bismarck received upon Otto_von_Bismarck dismissal from office ,
eos Otto_von_Bismarck was made the Count of Bismarck - Schönhausen in 1865 , and in 1871 Otto_von_Bismarck became Prince ( Fürst ) of Bismarck . In 1890 Otto_von_Bismarck was also made the Duke of Lauenburg . The ducal title , which
eos Otto_von_Bismarck was made the Count of Bismarck - Schönhausen in 1865 , and in 1871 Otto_von_Bismarck became Prince ( Fürst ) of Bismarck . In 1890 Otto_von_Bismarck was also made the Duke of Lauenburg . The ducal title , which Otto_von_Bismarck received upon
eos In 1890 Otto_von_Bismarck was also made the Duke of Lauenburg . The ducal title , which Otto_von_Bismarck received upon Otto_von_Bismarck dismissal from office , Otto_von_Bismarck refused initially only to later accept , which was the highest rank of the non - sovereign nobility , and was styled Serene Highness .
eos 
eos Owain_Glyndower IPA : ` ouain glɨn ` dur , sometimes anglicised as Owen Glendower ( 1359-c . 1416 ) and crowned as Owain IV of Wales , was the last Welsh person to hold the title Prince of Wales .
eos Owain_Glyndower IPA : ` ouain glɨn ` dur , sometimes anglicised as Owen Glendower ( 1359-c . 1416 ) and crowned as Owain IV of Wales , was the last Welsh person to hold the title Prince of Wales . Owain_Glyndower instigated an ultimately unsuccessful revolt against English rule of Wales .
eos Owain_Glyndower IPA : ` ouain glɨn ` dur , sometimes anglicised as Owen Glendower ( 1359-c . 1416 ) and crowned as Owain IV of Wales , was the last Welsh person to hold the title Prince of Wales . Owain_Glyndower instigated an ultimately unsuccessful revolt against English rule of Wales . Owain_Glyndower was a descendant of the princes of Powys from
eos Owain_Glyndower IPA : ` ouain glɨn ` dur , sometimes anglicised as Owen Glendower ( 1359-c . 1416 ) and crowned as Owain IV of Wales , was the last Welsh person to hold the title Prince of Wales . Owain_Glyndower instigated an ultimately unsuccessful revolt against English rule of Wales . Owain_Glyndower was a descendant of the princes of Powys from Owain_Glyndower father Gruffydd Fychan II , Hereditary Tywysog of Powys Fadog and Lord of Glyndyfrdwy , and of those of Deheubarth through
eos Owain_Glyndower was a descendant of the princes of Powys from Owain_Glyndower father Gruffydd Fychan II , Hereditary Tywysog of Powys Fadog and Lord of Glyndyfrdwy , and of those of Deheubarth through Owain_Glyndower mother Elen ferch Tomas ap Llywelyn . On september 16 , 1400 ,
eos On september 16 , 1400 , Owain_Glyndower instigated the Welsh Revolt against the rule of Henry IV of England . Although initially successful , the uprising was eventually put down -
eos Although initially successful , the uprising was eventually put down - Owain_Glyndower was last seen in 1412 and Owain_Glyndower was never captured .
eos Owain_Glyndower was last seen in 1412 and Owain_Glyndower was never captured . Owain_Glyndower has remained a notable figure in the popular culture of both Wales and England , portrayed in Shakespeare 's play Henry IV as a wild and exotic man ruled by magic and emotion . In the late 19th century the ` ` Young Wales '' movement recreated
eos Owain_Glyndower was last seen in 1412 and Owain_Glyndower was never captured . Owain_Glyndower has remained a notable figure in the popular culture of both Wales and England , portrayed in Shakespeare 's play Henry IV as a wild and exotic man ruled by magic and emotion . In the late 19th century the ` ` Young Wales '' movement recreated Owain_Glyndower as the father of Welsh nationalism , revising the historical image of
eos Owain_Glyndower was last seen in 1412 and Owain_Glyndower was never captured . Owain_Glyndower has remained a notable figure in the popular culture of both Wales and England , portrayed in Shakespeare 's play Henry IV as a wild and exotic man ruled by magic and emotion . In the late 19th century the ` ` Young Wales '' movement recreated Owain_Glyndower as the father of Welsh nationalism , revising the historical image of Owain_Glyndower as a purely local leader and joining
eos 
eos Pablo_Picasso ( october 25 , 1881 - april 8 , 1973 ) was a Spanish painter and sculptor . One of the most recognized figures in 20th century art ,
eos Pablo_Picasso ( october 25 , 1881 - april 8 , 1973 ) was a Spanish painter and sculptor . One of the most recognized figures in 20th century art , Pablo_Picasso is best known as the co - founder , along with Georges Braque , of cubism . It has been estimated that
eos 
eos Pamela_Anderson ( born july 1 , 1967 ) is a Canadian actress , sex symbol , glamour model , producer , TV personality and author . For a time ,
eos Pamela_Anderson ( born july 1 , 1967 ) is a Canadian actress , sex symbol , glamour model , producer , TV personality and author . For a time , Pamela_Anderson was known as Pamela Anderson Lee having married rock musician Tommy Lee .
eos Pamela_Anderson ( born july 1 , 1967 ) is a Canadian actress , sex symbol , glamour model , producer , TV personality and author . For a time , Pamela_Anderson was known as Pamela Anderson Lee having married rock musician Tommy Lee . Pamela_Anderson is popularly known for modeling and television acting in the 1990s and for
eos For a time , Pamela_Anderson was known as Pamela Anderson Lee having married rock musician Tommy Lee . Pamela_Anderson is popularly known for modeling and television acting in the 1990s and for Pamela_Anderson large breast implants .
eos Pamela_Anderson is popularly known for modeling and television acting in the 1990s and for Pamela_Anderson large breast implants . Pamela_Anderson has been called the sex symbol of the ' 90s .
eos 
eos Patrick_Roy ( IPA pronunciation : "" IPA : "" ʁwa "" "" ) , ( born october 5 , 1965 , in Quebec City , Quebec , Canada ) is a retired ice hockey goaltender and current co - owner , general manager , and head coach of the Quebec Remparts of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League . Nicknamed ` ` St. Patrick , '' and adored by fans of the Montreal Canadiens and Colorado Avalanche ,
eos Patrick_Roy ( IPA pronunciation : "" IPA : "" ʁwa "" "" ) , ( born october 5 , 1965 , in Quebec City , Quebec , Canada ) is a retired ice hockey goaltender and current co - owner , general manager , and head coach of the Quebec Remparts of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League . Nicknamed ` ` St. Patrick , '' and adored by fans of the Montreal Canadiens and Colorado Avalanche , Patrick_Roy is the National Hockey League 's all - time leader in both wins and games played by a goaltender , and Patrick_Roy is widely regarded as one of the greatest goaltenders of all time . On november 13 , 2006 ,
eos 
eos Paul_Henderson ( born january 28 , 1943 in Lucknow , Ontario , Canada ) is a retired Canadian hockey left winger
eos Paul_Henderson ( born january 28 , 1943 in Lucknow , Ontario , Canada ) is a retired Canadian hockey left winger Paul_Henderson played 13 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings , Toronto Maple Leafs and Atlanta Flames .
eos 
eos Paul_Kennedy CBE ( born 1945 ) is a British historian specializing in international relations and grand strategy .
eos Paul_Kennedy CBE ( born 1945 ) is a British historian specializing in international relations and grand strategy . Paul_Kennedy has published books on the history of the Royal Navy , Great Power struggles , the Pacific War and many others .
eos Paul_Kennedy has published books on the history of the Royal Navy , Great Power struggles , the Pacific War and many others . Paul_Kennedy was born in North East England , at Wallsend .
eos Paul_Kennedy has published books on the history of the Royal Navy , Great Power struggles , the Pacific War and many others . Paul_Kennedy was born in North East England , at Wallsend . Paul_Kennedy went to St. Cuthbert 's Grammar School in Newcastle and Paul_Kennedy attended the University of Newcastle , where
eos Paul_Kennedy was born in North East England , at Wallsend . Paul_Kennedy went to St. Cuthbert 's Grammar School in Newcastle and Paul_Kennedy attended the University of Newcastle , where Paul_Kennedy graduated with first class honors in history , and Paul_Kennedy received his doctorate from Oxford .
eos Paul_Kennedy went to St. Cuthbert 's Grammar School in Newcastle and Paul_Kennedy attended the University of Newcastle , where Paul_Kennedy graduated with first class honors in history , and Paul_Kennedy received his doctorate from Oxford . Paul_Kennedy was a Professor of History at the University of East Anglia between 1970 and 1983 .
eos Paul_Kennedy was a Professor of History at the University of East Anglia between 1970 and 1983 . Paul_Kennedy is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society , a former Visiting Fellow of the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton University , and of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation in Germany .
eos Paul_Kennedy is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society , a former Visiting Fellow of the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton University , and of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation in Germany . Paul_Kennedy was made a Commander of the British Empire in 2001 .
eos Paul_Kennedy was made a Commander of the British Empire in 2001 . Paul_Kennedy is the J Richardson Dilworth professor of British history at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut .
eos Paul_Kennedy is the J Richardson Dilworth professor of British history at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut . Paul_Kennedy is also the Director of International Security Studies and along with John Lewis Gaddis and Charles Hill , Paul_Kennedy teaches the Studies in Grand Strategy course there .
eos 
eos Paul_McCartney , MBE , ( born june 18 , 1942 ) is an English songwriter , musician and singer , best known as a member of The Beatles and one half of the songwriting partnership known as Lennon / McCartney .
eos Paul_McCartney , MBE , ( born june 18 , 1942 ) is an English songwriter , musician and singer , best known as a member of The Beatles and one half of the songwriting partnership known as Lennon / McCartney . Paul_McCartney was a member of the The Beatles ( ` the greatest and most influential act of the rock era ' ) , As a Beatle ,
eos Paul_McCartney was a member of the The Beatles ( ` the greatest and most influential act of the rock era ' ) , As a Beatle , Paul_McCartney was one - half of the songwriting team credited as Lennon / McCartney , along with fellow band member John Lennon . Beatles songs attributed solely to
eos As a Beatle , Paul_McCartney was one - half of the songwriting team credited as Lennon / McCartney , along with fellow band member John Lennon . Beatles songs attributed solely to Paul_McCartney include ` ` Ca n't Buy Me Love '' , ` ` Hello Goodbye '' , ` ` Hey Jude '' , ` ` Let It Be '' , and ` ` The Long and Winding Road .
eos Beatles songs attributed solely to Paul_McCartney include ` ` Ca n't Buy Me Love '' , ` ` Hello Goodbye '' , ` ` Hey Jude '' , ` ` Let It Be '' , and ` ` The Long and Winding Road . Paul_McCartney song ` ` Yesterday '' is listed as the most covered song in history : more than 2,000 versions have been recorded , and it has been played more than 7,000,000 times on American TV and radio . Following the announcement of
eos Beatles songs attributed solely to Paul_McCartney include ` ` Ca n't Buy Me Love '' , ` ` Hello Goodbye '' , ` ` Hey Jude '' , ` ` Let It Be '' , and ` ` The Long and Winding Road . Paul_McCartney song ` ` Yesterday '' is listed as the most covered song in history : more than 2,000 versions have been recorded , and it has been played more than 7,000,000 times on American TV and radio . Following the announcement of Paul_McCartney departure from The Beatles on 10 april 1970 ,
eos Beatles songs attributed solely to Paul_McCartney include ` ` Ca n't Buy Me Love '' , ` ` Hello Goodbye '' , ` ` Hey Jude '' , ` ` Let It Be '' , and ` ` The Long and Winding Road . Paul_McCartney song ` ` Yesterday '' is listed as the most covered song in history : more than 2,000 versions have been recorded , and it has been played more than 7,000,000 times on American TV and radio . Following the announcement of Paul_McCartney departure from The Beatles on 10 april 1970 , Paul_McCartney launched a successful solo career (
eos Beatles songs attributed solely to Paul_McCartney include ` ` Ca n't Buy Me Love '' , ` ` Hello Goodbye '' , ` ` Hey Jude '' , ` ` Let It Be '' , and ` ` The Long and Winding Road . Paul_McCartney song ` ` Yesterday '' is listed as the most covered song in history : more than 2,000 versions have been recorded , and it has been played more than 7,000,000 times on American TV and radio . Following the announcement of Paul_McCartney departure from The Beatles on 10 april 1970 , Paul_McCartney launched a successful solo career ( Paul_McCartney released
eos Paul_McCartney song ` ` Yesterday '' is listed as the most covered song in history : more than 2,000 versions have been recorded , and it has been played more than 7,000,000 times on American TV and radio . Following the announcement of Paul_McCartney departure from The Beatles on 10 april 1970 , Paul_McCartney launched a successful solo career ( Paul_McCartney released Paul_McCartney first album on 17 april 1970 ) and Paul_McCartney formed the band Wings - scoring 30 top ten singles in the United Kingdom and United States . The keyboardist for Wings was
eos The keyboardist for Wings was Paul_McCartney first wife , Linda McCartney . At the time of its release , in 1977 , the Wings single ` ` Mull of Kintyre '' was the highest - selling record in British chart history ( and remained so until 1984 ) .
eos At the time of its release , in 1977 , the Wings single ` ` Mull of Kintyre '' was the highest - selling record in British chart history ( and remained so until 1984 ) . Paul_McCartney has also worked in the classical music field ( with works such as Liverpool Oratorio ) and ambient / electronic music ( under the pseudonym The Fireman ) .
eos At the time of its release , in 1977 , the Wings single ` ` Mull of Kintyre '' was the highest - selling record in British chart history ( and remained so until 1984 ) . Paul_McCartney has also worked in the classical music field ( with works such as Liverpool Oratorio ) and ambient / electronic music ( under the pseudonym The Fireman ) . Paul_McCartney was awarded the MBE on october 16 1965 , by Queen Elizabeth II , and , on 11 march 1997 ,
eos At the time of its release , in 1977 , the Wings single ` ` Mull of Kintyre '' was the highest - selling record in British chart history ( and remained so until 1984 ) . Paul_McCartney has also worked in the classical music field ( with works such as Liverpool Oratorio ) and ambient / electronic music ( under the pseudonym The Fireman ) . Paul_McCartney was awarded the MBE on october 16 1965 , by Queen Elizabeth II , and , on 11 march 1997 , Paul_McCartney was knighted ( Knight Bachelor ) by her for
eos Paul_McCartney has also worked in the classical music field ( with works such as Liverpool Oratorio ) and ambient / electronic music ( under the pseudonym The Fireman ) . Paul_McCartney was awarded the MBE on october 16 1965 , by Queen Elizabeth II , and , on 11 march 1997 , Paul_McCartney was knighted ( Knight Bachelor ) by her for Paul_McCartney services to music .
eos Paul_McCartney has also worked in the classical music field ( with works such as Liverpool Oratorio ) and ambient / electronic music ( under the pseudonym The Fireman ) . Paul_McCartney was awarded the MBE on october 16 1965 , by Queen Elizabeth II , and , on 11 march 1997 , Paul_McCartney was knighted ( Knight Bachelor ) by her for Paul_McCartney services to music . Paul_McCartney dedicated
eos Paul_McCartney was awarded the MBE on october 16 1965 , by Queen Elizabeth II , and , on 11 march 1997 , Paul_McCartney was knighted ( Knight Bachelor ) by her for Paul_McCartney services to music . Paul_McCartney dedicated Paul_McCartney knighthood to fellow Beatles John Lennon , George Harrison and Ringo Starr and the people of Liverpool .
eos Paul_McCartney dedicated Paul_McCartney knighthood to fellow Beatles John Lennon , George Harrison and Ringo Starr and the people of Liverpool . Paul_McCartney is listed in The Guinness Book Of Records as the most successful musician in popular music history .
eos Paul_McCartney is listed in The Guinness Book Of Records as the most successful musician in popular music history . Paul_McCartney has achieved twenty - nine US No . 1 singles , twenty of them with The Beatles , the rest with Wings , and as a solo artist .
eos Paul_McCartney is listed in The Guinness Book Of Records as the most successful musician in popular music history . Paul_McCartney has achieved twenty - nine US No . 1 singles , twenty of them with The Beatles , the rest with Wings , and as a solo artist . Paul_McCartney owns the copyrights to more than three - thousand songs , including all of the songs written by Buddy Holly ,
eos Paul_McCartney has achieved twenty - nine US No . 1 singles , twenty of them with The Beatles , the rest with Wings , and as a solo artist . Paul_McCartney owns the copyrights to more than three - thousand songs , including all of the songs written by Buddy Holly , Paul_McCartney childhood idol .
eos Paul_McCartney owns the copyrights to more than three - thousand songs , including all of the songs written by Buddy Holly , Paul_McCartney childhood idol . Paul_McCartney also owns the publishing rights to musicals such as Guys and Dolls , A Chorus Line , and Grease . Aside from
eos Paul_McCartney owns the copyrights to more than three - thousand songs , including all of the songs written by Buddy Holly , Paul_McCartney childhood idol . Paul_McCartney also owns the publishing rights to musicals such as Guys and Dolls , A Chorus Line , and Grease . Aside from Paul_McCartney musical work ,
eos Paul_McCartney owns the copyrights to more than three - thousand songs , including all of the songs written by Buddy Holly , Paul_McCartney childhood idol . Paul_McCartney also owns the publishing rights to musicals such as Guys and Dolls , A Chorus Line , and Grease . Aside from Paul_McCartney musical work , Paul_McCartney is a painter ( although until recently
eos Paul_McCartney owns the copyrights to more than three - thousand songs , including all of the songs written by Buddy Holly , Paul_McCartney childhood idol . Paul_McCartney also owns the publishing rights to musicals such as Guys and Dolls , A Chorus Line , and Grease . Aside from Paul_McCartney musical work , Paul_McCartney is a painter ( although until recently Paul_McCartney kept
eos 
eos Paul_Wolfowitz ( b. december 22 , 1943 ) is an American academic and political figure .
eos Paul_Wolfowitz is currently the President of the World Bank , but Paul_Wolfowitz may be most famous as a prominent architect of the foreign policy of the George W Bush administration known as the Bush Doctrine , which resulted in the invasion of Iraq . A former aide to Democratic Senator ` ` Scoop '' Jackson in the 1970s ,
eos 
eos d. c. 65 ) , St. Paul , known as the Apostle to the Gentiles , was the most notable Christian missionary , together with the apostle St. Peter . Unlike Peter ,
eos St. Paul , known as the Apostle to the Gentiles , was the most notable Christian missionary , together with the apostle St. Peter . Unlike Peter , Paul_of_Tarsus did not know Jesus in life but Paul_of_Tarsus was converted by a miraculous vision known as the ` ` Road to Damascus '' .
eos Unlike Peter , Paul_of_Tarsus did not know Jesus in life but Paul_of_Tarsus was converted by a miraculous vision known as the ` ` Road to Damascus '' . Paul_of_Tarsus was the second most prolific contributor to the New Testament ( after St. Luke ) . Fourteen letters were attributed to
eos Paul_of_Tarsus was the second most prolific contributor to the New Testament ( after St. Luke ) . Fourteen letters were attributed to Paul_of_Tarsus , with greater or lesser degrees of confidence , which contain the earliest systematic account of Christian doctrine and providing information on the life of the infant Church .
eos Fourteen letters were attributed to Paul_of_Tarsus , with greater or lesser degrees of confidence , which contain the earliest systematic account of Christian doctrine and providing information on the life of the infant Church . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are arguably the oldest part of the New Testament . Paul_of_Tarsus also appears in the pages of St. Luke 's second volume , the Acts of the Apostles , so that it is possible to compare the account of Paul_of_Tarsus life in the Acts , with Paul_of_Tarsus own account in
eos Fourteen letters were attributed to Paul_of_Tarsus , with greater or lesser degrees of confidence , which contain the earliest systematic account of Christian doctrine and providing information on the life of the infant Church . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are arguably the oldest part of the New Testament .
eos Fourteen letters were attributed to Paul_of_Tarsus , with greater or lesser degrees of confidence , which contain the earliest systematic account of Christian doctrine and providing information on the life of the infant Church . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are arguably the oldest part of the New Testament . Paul_of_Tarsus also appears in the pages of St. Luke 's second volume , the Acts of the Apostles , so that it is possible to compare the account of
eos Fourteen letters were attributed to Paul_of_Tarsus , with greater or lesser degrees of confidence , which contain the earliest systematic account of Christian doctrine and providing information on the life of the infant Church . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are arguably the oldest part of the New Testament . Paul_of_Tarsus also appears in the pages of St. Luke 's second volume , the Acts of the Apostles , so that it is possible to compare the account of Paul_of_Tarsus life in the Acts , with
eos Paul_of_Tarsus letters are arguably the oldest part of the New Testament . Paul_of_Tarsus also appears in the pages of St. Luke 's second volume , the Acts of the Apostles , so that it is possible to compare the account of Paul_of_Tarsus life in the Acts , with Paul_of_Tarsus own account in Paul_of_Tarsus various letters .
eos Paul_of_Tarsus letters are arguably the oldest part of the New Testament . Paul_of_Tarsus also appears in the pages of St. Luke 's second volume , the Acts of the Apostles , so that it is possible to compare the account of Paul_of_Tarsus life in the Acts , with Paul_of_Tarsus own account in Paul_of_Tarsus various letters . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are largely written to churches which
eos Paul_of_Tarsus letters are arguably the oldest part of the New Testament . Paul_of_Tarsus also appears in the pages of St. Luke 's second volume , the Acts of the Apostles , so that it is possible to compare the account of Paul_of_Tarsus life in the Acts , with Paul_of_Tarsus own account in Paul_of_Tarsus various letters . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are largely written to churches which Paul_of_Tarsus had founded or visited ;
eos Paul_of_Tarsus also appears in the pages of St. Luke 's second volume , the Acts of the Apostles , so that it is possible to compare the account of Paul_of_Tarsus life in the Acts , with Paul_of_Tarsus own account in Paul_of_Tarsus various letters . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are largely written to churches which Paul_of_Tarsus had founded or visited ; Paul_of_Tarsus was a great traveller , going to Cyprus , Asia Minor ( modern Turkey ) , mainland Greece , Crete and Rome bringing the gospel of Jesus Christ , first to Jews and then to Gentiles .
eos Paul_of_Tarsus also appears in the pages of St. Luke 's second volume , the Acts of the Apostles , so that it is possible to compare the account of Paul_of_Tarsus life in the Acts , with Paul_of_Tarsus own account in Paul_of_Tarsus various letters . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are largely written to churches which Paul_of_Tarsus had founded or visited ; Paul_of_Tarsus was a great traveller , going to Cyprus , Asia Minor ( modern Turkey ) , mainland Greece , Crete and Rome bringing the gospel of Jesus Christ , first to Jews and then to Gentiles . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are full of expositions of what Christians should believe and how they should live ; what
eos Paul_of_Tarsus also appears in the pages of St. Luke 's second volume , the Acts of the Apostles , so that it is possible to compare the account of Paul_of_Tarsus life in the Acts , with Paul_of_Tarsus own account in Paul_of_Tarsus various letters . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are largely written to churches which Paul_of_Tarsus had founded or visited ; Paul_of_Tarsus was a great traveller , going to Cyprus , Asia Minor ( modern Turkey ) , mainland Greece , Crete and Rome bringing the gospel of Jesus Christ , first to Jews and then to Gentiles . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are full of expositions of what Christians should believe and how they should live ; what Paul_of_Tarsus does not do is to tell
eos Paul_of_Tarsus letters are largely written to churches which Paul_of_Tarsus had founded or visited ; Paul_of_Tarsus was a great traveller , going to Cyprus , Asia Minor ( modern Turkey ) , mainland Greece , Crete and Rome bringing the gospel of Jesus Christ , first to Jews and then to Gentiles . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are full of expositions of what Christians should believe and how they should live ; what Paul_of_Tarsus does not do is to tell Paul_of_Tarsus correspondents ( or the modern reader ) much about the life and teachings of Jesus .
eos Paul_of_Tarsus letters are largely written to churches which Paul_of_Tarsus had founded or visited ; Paul_of_Tarsus was a great traveller , going to Cyprus , Asia Minor ( modern Turkey ) , mainland Greece , Crete and Rome bringing the gospel of Jesus Christ , first to Jews and then to Gentiles . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are full of expositions of what Christians should believe and how they should live ; what Paul_of_Tarsus does not do is to tell Paul_of_Tarsus correspondents ( or the modern reader ) much about the life and teachings of Jesus . Paul_of_Tarsus most explicit references are to the Last Supper , the crucifixion and the resurrection ; raising the question , still disputed , as to how consistent
eos Paul_of_Tarsus letters are full of expositions of what Christians should believe and how they should live ; what Paul_of_Tarsus does not do is to tell Paul_of_Tarsus correspondents ( or the modern reader ) much about the life and teachings of Jesus . Paul_of_Tarsus most explicit references are to the Last Supper , the crucifixion and the resurrection ; raising the question , still disputed , as to how consistent Paul_of_Tarsus version of the Christian faith is with that of the Gospels .
eos Paul_of_Tarsus most explicit references are to the Last Supper , the crucifixion and the resurrection ; raising the question , still disputed , as to how consistent Paul_of_Tarsus version of the Christian faith is with that of the Gospels . Paul_of_Tarsus influence on Christian thinking has , arguably been more significant than any one other New Testament writer .
eos Paul_of_Tarsus influence on Christian thinking has , arguably been more significant than any one other New Testament writer . Paul_of_Tarsus works were hugely influential on some of the great Christian thinkers and leaders of movements , including St. Augustine of Hippo and Martin Luther the instigator of the European Protestant Reformation and even upon the German church in the twentieth century through the interpretive writings of the scholar Karl Barth .
eos Paul_of_Tarsus influence on Christian thinking has , arguably been more significant than any one other New Testament writer . Paul_of_Tarsus works were hugely influential on some of the great Christian thinkers and leaders of movements , including St. Augustine of Hippo and Martin Luther the instigator of the European Protestant Reformation and even upon the German church in the twentieth century through the interpretive writings of the scholar Karl Barth . Paul_of_Tarsus is the patron saint of Malta and the City of London , and Paul_of_Tarsus has also had several cities named in
eos 
eos 
eos Peter_Gzowski , CC , LLD , DLitt ( july 13 , 1934 - january 24 , 2002 ) was a Canadian broadcaster , writer and reporter , most famous for
eos Peter_Gzowski , CC , LLD , DLitt ( july 13 , 1934 - january 24 , 2002 ) was a Canadian broadcaster , writer and reporter , most famous for Peter_Gzowski work on the CBC radio show Morningside .
eos Peter_Gzowski , CC , LLD , DLitt ( july 13 , 1934 - january 24 , 2002 ) was a Canadian broadcaster , writer and reporter , most famous for Peter_Gzowski work on the CBC radio show Morningside . Peter_Gzowski wrote books , Peter_Gzowski hosted television shows , and Peter_Gzowski worked at a number of newspapers and at Maclean 's Magazine . It is estimated that
eos Peter_Gzowski wrote books , Peter_Gzowski hosted television shows , and Peter_Gzowski worked at a number of newspapers and at Maclean 's Magazine . It is estimated that Peter_Gzowski conducted 27,000 interviews as host of Morningside .
eos It is estimated that Peter_Gzowski conducted 27,000 interviews as host of Morningside . Peter_Gzowski was known for a friendly but somewhat gruff at times interviewing style .
eos 
eos Peter_I_of_Russia ( Russian : Пётр I Алексеевич or Pyotr I Alekse & amp;#769 ; yevich ; or Peter Alexeyevich Romanov ) ( 9 june 1672 - 8 february 1725 "" 30 May 1672 - 28 january 1725 OS "" ) ruled Russia from 7 May ( 27 april O.S. ) 1682 until
eos Peter_I_of_Russia ( Russian : Пётр I Алексеевич or Pyotr I Alekse & amp;#769 ; yevich ; or Peter Alexeyevich Romanov ) ( 9 june 1672 - 8 february 1725 "" 30 May 1672 - 28 january 1725 OS "" ) ruled Russia from 7 May ( 27 april O.S. ) 1682 until Peter_I_of_Russia death , before 1696 jointly with
eos ( Russian : Пётр I Алексеевич or Pyotr I Alekse & amp;#769 ; yevich ; or Peter Alexeyevich Romanov ) ( 9 june 1672 - 8 february 1725 "" 30 May 1672 - 28 january 1725 OS "" ) ruled Russia from 7 May ( 27 april O.S. ) 1682 until Peter_I_of_Russia death , before 1696 jointly with Peter_I_of_Russia weak and sickly half - brother , Ivan V
eos "" 30 May 1672 - 28 january 1725 OS "" ) ruled Russia from 7 May ( 27 april O.S. ) 1682 until Peter_I_of_Russia death , before 1696 jointly with Peter_I_of_Russia weak and sickly half - brother , Ivan V Peter_I_of_Russia carried out a policy of ` ` Westernization '' and expansion that transformed Muscovite Russia into a major European power . Vladimir Putin , the Russian president , has a portrait of
eos 
eos Peter_Singer ( born july 6 , 1946 in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia ) is an Australian philosopher .
eos Peter_Singer ( born july 6 , 1946 in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia ) is an Australian philosopher . Peter_Singer is the Ira W DCmp Professor of Bioethics at Princeton University , and laureate professor at the Centre for Applied Philosophy and Public Ethics , University of Melbourne .
eos Peter_Singer is the Ira W DCmp Professor of Bioethics at Princeton University , and laureate professor at the Centre for Applied Philosophy and Public Ethics , University of Melbourne . Peter_Singer specializes in practical ethics , approaching ethical issues from a preference utilitarian perspective .
eos Peter_Singer specializes in practical ethics , approaching ethical issues from a preference utilitarian perspective . Peter_Singer is a moral atheist .
eos Peter_Singer is a moral atheist . Peter_Singer parents were Viennese Jews who escaped to Australia in 1938 .
eos Peter_Singer is a moral atheist . Peter_Singer parents were Viennese Jews who escaped to Australia in 1938 . Peter_Singer father imported tea and coffee , while
eos Peter_Singer parents were Viennese Jews who escaped to Australia in 1938 . Peter_Singer father imported tea and coffee , while Peter_Singer mother practised medicine .
eos Peter_Singer parents were Viennese Jews who escaped to Australia in 1938 . Peter_Singer father imported tea and coffee , while Peter_Singer mother practised medicine . Peter_Singer studied law , history and philosophy at the University of Melbourne , gaining
eos Peter_Singer father imported tea and coffee , while Peter_Singer mother practised medicine . Peter_Singer studied law , history and philosophy at the University of Melbourne , gaining Peter_Singer degree in 1967 .
eos Peter_Singer received an MA for a thesis entitled Why should I be moral ? in 1969 .
eos Why should I be moral ? in 1969 . Peter_Singer was awarded a scholarship to study at Oxford University , obtaining a BPhil in 1971 with a thesis on civil disobedience , supervised by R M. Hare , and subsequently published as a book in 1973 . After spending two years as a Radcliffe lecturer at University College , Oxford ,
eos Peter_Singer was awarded a scholarship to study at Oxford University , obtaining a BPhil in 1971 with a thesis on civil disobedience , supervised by R M. Hare , and subsequently published as a book in 1973 . After spending two years as a Radcliffe lecturer at University College , Oxford , Peter_Singer was visiting professor at New York University for 16 months .
eos Peter_Singer was awarded a scholarship to study at Oxford University , obtaining a BPhil in 1971 with a thesis on civil disobedience , supervised by R M. Hare , and subsequently published as a book in 1973 . After spending two years as a Radcliffe lecturer at University College , Oxford , Peter_Singer was visiting professor at New York University for 16 months . Peter_Singer returned to Melbourne in 1977 , where
eos Peter_Singer was awarded a scholarship to study at Oxford University , obtaining a BPhil in 1971 with a thesis on civil disobedience , supervised by R M. Hare , and subsequently published as a book in 1973 . After spending two years as a Radcliffe lecturer at University College , Oxford , Peter_Singer was visiting professor at New York University for 16 months . Peter_Singer returned to Melbourne in 1977 , where Peter_Singer has spent most of
eos Peter_Singer was awarded a scholarship to study at Oxford University , obtaining a BPhil in 1971 with a thesis on civil disobedience , supervised by R M. Hare , and subsequently published as a book in 1973 . After spending two years as a Radcliffe lecturer at University College , Oxford , Peter_Singer was visiting professor at New York University for 16 months . Peter_Singer returned to Melbourne in 1977 , where Peter_Singer has spent most of Peter_Singer career , apart from many visiting positions internationally , and until
eos After spending two years as a Radcliffe lecturer at University College , Oxford , Peter_Singer was visiting professor at New York University for 16 months . Peter_Singer returned to Melbourne in 1977 , where Peter_Singer has spent most of Peter_Singer career , apart from many visiting positions internationally , and until Peter_Singer move to Princeton in 1999 .
eos Peter_Singer returned to Melbourne in 1977 , where Peter_Singer has spent most of Peter_Singer career , apart from many visiting positions internationally , and until Peter_Singer move to Princeton in 1999 . Peter_Singer has served , on two occasions , as chair of philosophy at Monash University , and Peter_Singer founded its Centre for Human Bioethics . In 1996 ,
eos Peter_Singer has served , on two occasions , as chair of philosophy at Monash University , and Peter_Singer founded its Centre for Human Bioethics . In 1996 , Peter_Singer ran unsuccessfully as a Green candidate for the Australian Senate . In 2004 ,
eos In 1996 , Peter_Singer ran unsuccessfully as a Green candidate for the Australian Senate . In 2004 , Peter_Singer was recognized as the Australian Humanist of the Year by the Council of Australian Humanist Societies . Outside academic circles ,
eos In 1996 , Peter_Singer ran unsuccessfully as a Green candidate for the Australian Senate . In 2004 , Peter_Singer was recognized as the Australian Humanist of the Year by the Council of Australian Humanist Societies . Outside academic circles , Peter_Singer is best known for
eos In 2004 , Peter_Singer was recognized as the Australian Humanist of the Year by the Council of Australian Humanist Societies . Outside academic circles , Peter_Singer is best known for Peter_Singer book Animal Liberation , widely regarded as the touchstone of the animal liberation movement .
eos 
eos 
eos Pierre_Trudeau PC , CC , CH , QC , MA , LLD , FRSC "" IPA : "" pjɛʀ ɛliʌt tʀydo "" "" ( october 18 , 1919 - september 28 , 2000 ) was the fifteenth Prime Minister of Canada from april 20 , 1968 to june 4 , 1979 , and from march 3 , 1980 to june 30 , 1984 .
eos Pierre_Trudeau PC , CC , CH , QC , MA , LLD , FRSC "" IPA : "" pjɛʀ ɛliʌt tʀydo "" "" ( october 18 , 1919 - september 28 , 2000 ) was the fifteenth Prime Minister of Canada from april 20 , 1968 to june 4 , 1979 , and from march 3 , 1980 to june 30 , 1984 . Pierre_Trudeau was a charismatic figure
eos Pierre_Trudeau was a charismatic figure Pierre_Trudeau , from the late 1960s until the mid-1980s , dominated the Canadian political scene and Pierre_Trudeau aroused passionate reactions . ` ` He haunts us still , '' biographers Christina McCall and Stephen Clarkson wrote . Admirers praise the force of
eos ` ` He haunts us still , '' biographers Christina McCall and Stephen Clarkson wrote . Admirers praise the force of Pierre_Trudeau intellect . They salute
eos Admirers praise the force of Pierre_Trudeau intellect . They salute Pierre_Trudeau political acumen in preserving national unity and bringing into force the Charter of Rights and Freedoms . Detractors fault
eos They salute Pierre_Trudeau political acumen in preserving national unity and bringing into force the Charter of Rights and Freedoms . Detractors fault Pierre_Trudeau for poor administrative practices , arrogance , and lack of understanding of Canada outside Quebec ( and arguably the far North ) . They deplore
eos They salute Pierre_Trudeau political acumen in preserving national unity and bringing into force the Charter of Rights and Freedoms . Detractors fault Pierre_Trudeau for poor administrative practices , arrogance , and lack of understanding of Canada outside Quebec ( and arguably the far North ) . They deplore Pierre_Trudeau economic policies that increased the national debt , and criticize
eos Detractors fault Pierre_Trudeau for poor administrative practices , arrogance , and lack of understanding of Canada outside Quebec ( and arguably the far North ) . They deplore Pierre_Trudeau economic policies that increased the national debt , and criticize Pierre_Trudeau for increasing a sense of political alienation in western provinces . Nevertheless , few would dispute that
eos Detractors fault Pierre_Trudeau for poor administrative practices , arrogance , and lack of understanding of Canada outside Quebec ( and arguably the far North ) . They deplore Pierre_Trudeau economic policies that increased the national debt , and criticize Pierre_Trudeau for increasing a sense of political alienation in western provinces . Nevertheless , few would dispute that Pierre_Trudeau was a towering figure
eos They deplore Pierre_Trudeau economic policies that increased the national debt , and criticize Pierre_Trudeau for increasing a sense of political alienation in western provinces . Nevertheless , few would dispute that Pierre_Trudeau was a towering figure Pierre_Trudeau helped redefine Canada .
eos Nevertheless , few would dispute that Pierre_Trudeau was a towering figure Pierre_Trudeau helped redefine Canada . Pierre_Trudeau led Canada through some of its most tumultuous times and Pierre_Trudeau was often the centre of controversy . Known for
eos Nevertheless , few would dispute that Pierre_Trudeau was a towering figure Pierre_Trudeau helped redefine Canada . Pierre_Trudeau led Canada through some of its most tumultuous times and Pierre_Trudeau was often the centre of controversy . Known for Pierre_Trudeau flamboyance ,
eos 
eos ( c. 427-c . 347 BCE ) ,
eos 347 BCE ) , Plato real name is believed to have been Aristocles , was an immensely influential ancient Greek philosopher , a student of Socrates , writer of philosophical dialogues , and founder of the Academy in Athens where Aristotle studied .
eos , Plato real name is believed to have been Aristocles , was an immensely influential ancient Greek philosopher , a student of Socrates , writer of philosophical dialogues , and founder of the Academy in Athens where Aristotle studied . Plato lectured extensively at the Academy , and Plato wrote on many philosophical issues , dealing especially in politics , ethics , metaphysics , and epistemology . The most important writings of
eos , Plato real name is believed to have been Aristocles , was an immensely influential ancient Greek philosopher , a student of Socrates , writer of philosophical dialogues , and founder of the Academy in Athens where Aristotle studied . Plato lectured extensively at the Academy , and Plato wrote on many philosophical issues , dealing especially in politics , ethics , metaphysics , and epistemology . The most important writings of Plato are
eos , Plato real name is believed to have been Aristocles , was an immensely influential ancient Greek philosopher , a student of Socrates , writer of philosophical dialogues , and founder of the Academy in Athens where Aristotle studied . Plato lectured extensively at the Academy , and Plato wrote on many philosophical issues , dealing especially in politics , ethics , metaphysics , and epistemology . The most important writings of Plato are Plato dialogues , although some letters have come down to us under
eos Plato lectured extensively at the Academy , and Plato wrote on many philosophical issues , dealing especially in politics , ethics , metaphysics , and epistemology . The most important writings of Plato are Plato dialogues , although some letters have come down to us under Plato name . It is believed that all of
eos The most important writings of Plato are Plato dialogues , although some letters have come down to us under Plato name . It is believed that all of Plato authentic dialogues survive . However , some dialogues ascribed to
eos However , some dialogues ascribed to Plato by the Greeks are now considered by the consensus of scholars to be either suspect ( eg , First Alcibiades , Clitophon ) or probably spurious ( such as Demodocus , or the Second Alcibiades ) . The letters are all considered to probably be spurious , with the possible exception of the Seventh Letter . Socrates is often a character in
eos The letters are all considered to probably be spurious , with the possible exception of the Seventh Letter . Socrates is often a character in Plato dialogues . How much of the content and argument of any given dialogue is Socrates ' point of view , and how much of it is
eos Socrates is often a character in Plato dialogues . How much of the content and argument of any given dialogue is Socrates ' point of view , and how much of it is Plato , is heavily disputed , since Socrates himself did not write anything ; this is often referred to as the ` ` Socratic problem '' . However ,
eos Socrates is often a character in Plato dialogues . How much of the content and argument of any given dialogue is Socrates ' point of view , and how much of it is Plato , is heavily disputed , since Socrates himself did not write anything ; this is often referred to as the ` ` Socratic problem '' . However , Plato was doubtless strongly influenced by Socrates ' teachings , so many of the ideas presented , at least in
eos 
eos XVI ; Italian : Benedetto XVI ) , born Joseph Alois Ratzinger on april 16 , 1927 in Marktl am Inn , Bavaria , Germany ) is the 265th and reigning Pope of the Roman Catholic Church , and as such , Sovereign of the Vatican City State .
eos XVI ; Italian : Benedetto XVI ) , born Joseph Alois Ratzinger on april 16 , 1927 in Marktl am Inn , Bavaria , Germany ) is the 265th and reigning Pope of the Roman Catholic Church , and as such , Sovereign of the Vatican City State . Pope_Benedict_XVI was elected on april 19 , 2005 in a papal conclave , Pope_Benedict_XVI celebrated
eos XVI ; Italian : Benedetto XVI ) , born Joseph Alois Ratzinger on april 16 , 1927 in Marktl am Inn , Bavaria , Germany ) is the 265th and reigning Pope of the Roman Catholic Church , and as such , Sovereign of the Vatican City State . Pope_Benedict_XVI was elected on april 19 , 2005 in a papal conclave , Pope_Benedict_XVI celebrated Pope_Benedict_XVI Papal Inauguration Mass on april 24 , 2005 , and Pope_Benedict_XVI took possession of
eos ; Italian : Benedetto XVI ) , born Joseph Alois Ratzinger on april 16 , 1927 in Marktl am Inn , Bavaria , Germany ) is the 265th and reigning Pope of the Roman Catholic Church , and as such , Sovereign of the Vatican City State . Pope_Benedict_XVI was elected on april 19 , 2005 in a papal conclave , Pope_Benedict_XVI celebrated Pope_Benedict_XVI Papal Inauguration Mass on april 24 , 2005 , and Pope_Benedict_XVI took possession of Pope_Benedict_XVI cathedral , the Basilica of St. John Lateran , on May 7 , 2005 .
eos Pope_Benedict_XVI was elected on april 19 , 2005 in a papal conclave , Pope_Benedict_XVI celebrated Pope_Benedict_XVI Papal Inauguration Mass on april 24 , 2005 , and Pope_Benedict_XVI took possession of Pope_Benedict_XVI cathedral , the Basilica of St. John Lateran , on May 7 , 2005 . Pope_Benedict_XVI has both German and Vatican citizenship .
eos Pope_Benedict_XVI has both German and Vatican citizenship . Pope_Benedict_XVI succeeded Pope John Paul II , who died on april 2 , 2005 . One of the best - known theologians since the 1960s and a prolific author ,
eos Pope_Benedict_XVI succeeded Pope John Paul II , who died on april 2 , 2005 . One of the best - known theologians since the 1960s and a prolific author , Pope_Benedict_XVI is viewed as a defender of traditional Catholic doctrine and values and of their importance in the survival of Western civilization .
eos One of the best - known theologians since the 1960s and a prolific author , Pope_Benedict_XVI is viewed as a defender of traditional Catholic doctrine and values and of their importance in the survival of Western civilization . Pope_Benedict_XVI served as a professor at various German universities , and Pope_Benedict_XVI was a theological consultant at the Second Vatican Council before becoming Archbishop of Munich and Freising and Cardinal . At the time of
eos One of the best - known theologians since the 1960s and a prolific author , Pope_Benedict_XVI is viewed as a defender of traditional Catholic doctrine and values and of their importance in the survival of Western civilization . Pope_Benedict_XVI served as a professor at various German universities , and Pope_Benedict_XVI was a theological consultant at the Second Vatican Council before becoming Archbishop of Munich and Freising and Cardinal . At the time of Pope_Benedict_XVI election as Pope ,
eos Pope_Benedict_XVI served as a professor at various German universities , and Pope_Benedict_XVI was a theological consultant at the Second Vatican Council before becoming Archbishop of Munich and Freising and Cardinal . At the time of Pope_Benedict_XVI election as Pope , Pope_Benedict_XVI had been Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith ( curial heads lose their positions upon the death of a pope ) and Pope_Benedict_XVI was Dean of the College of Cardinals . During
eos Pope_Benedict_XVI served as a professor at various German universities , and Pope_Benedict_XVI was a theological consultant at the Second Vatican Council before becoming Archbishop of Munich and Freising and Cardinal . At the time of Pope_Benedict_XVI election as Pope , Pope_Benedict_XVI had been Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith ( curial heads lose their positions upon the death of a pope ) and Pope_Benedict_XVI was Dean of the College of Cardinals . During Pope_Benedict_XVI papacy ,
eos Pope_Benedict_XVI served as a professor at various German universities , and Pope_Benedict_XVI was a theological consultant at the Second Vatican Council before becoming Archbishop of Munich and Freising and Cardinal . At the time of Pope_Benedict_XVI election as Pope , Pope_Benedict_XVI had been Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith ( curial heads lose their positions upon the death of a pope ) and Pope_Benedict_XVI was Dean of the College of Cardinals . During Pope_Benedict_XVI papacy , Pope_Benedict_XVI has emphasized what
eos At the time of Pope_Benedict_XVI election as Pope , Pope_Benedict_XVI had been Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith ( curial heads lose their positions upon the death of a pope ) and Pope_Benedict_XVI was Dean of the College of Cardinals . During Pope_Benedict_XVI papacy , Pope_Benedict_XVI has emphasized what Pope_Benedict_XVI sees as a need for Europe to return to fundamental Christian values in response to increasing de - Christianisation and secularisation in many developed countries . For this reason ,
eos During Pope_Benedict_XVI papacy , Pope_Benedict_XVI has emphasized what Pope_Benedict_XVI sees as a need for Europe to return to fundamental Christian values in response to increasing de - Christianisation and secularisation in many developed countries . For this reason , Pope_Benedict_XVI has identified relativism 's denial of objective truth - and more particularly , the denial of moral truths - as the central problem of the 21st century .
eos 
eos Pope_Leo_IX ( june 21 , 1002 - april 19 , 1054 ) , born Bruno of Eguisheim - Dagsburg , was Pope from february 12 , 1049 to
eos 
eos Pope_Urban_II ( 1042 - july 29 , 1099 ) , born Otho of Lagery ( alternatively : Otto or Odo ) , was a Pope from 1088 to july 29 , 1099 .
eos Pope_Urban_II ( 1042 - july 29 , 1099 ) , born Otho of Lagery ( alternatively : Otto or Odo ) , was a Pope from 1088 to july 29 , 1099 . Pope_Urban_II is most known for starting the First Crusade ( 1095 - 99 ) and setting up the modern day Roman Curia , in the manner of a royal court , to help run the Church .
eos Pope_Urban_II is most known for starting the First Crusade ( 1095 - 99 ) and setting up the modern day Roman Curia , in the manner of a royal court , to help run the Church . Pope_Urban_II was born into nobility in France at Lagery ( near Châtillon - sur - Marne ) and Pope_Urban_II was church - educated .
eos Pope_Urban_II is most known for starting the First Crusade ( 1095 - 99 ) and setting up the modern day Roman Curia , in the manner of a royal court , to help run the Church . Pope_Urban_II was born into nobility in France at Lagery ( near Châtillon - sur - Marne ) and Pope_Urban_II was church - educated . Pope_Urban_II was archdeacon of Reims when , under the influence of St. Bruno
eos Pope_Urban_II is most known for starting the First Crusade ( 1095 - 99 ) and setting up the modern day Roman Curia , in the manner of a royal court , to help run the Church . Pope_Urban_II was born into nobility in France at Lagery ( near Châtillon - sur - Marne ) and Pope_Urban_II was church - educated . Pope_Urban_II was archdeacon of Reims when , under the influence of St. Bruno Pope_Urban_II teacher ,
eos Pope_Urban_II is most known for starting the First Crusade ( 1095 - 99 ) and setting up the modern day Roman Curia , in the manner of a royal court , to help run the Church . Pope_Urban_II was born into nobility in France at Lagery ( near Châtillon - sur - Marne ) and Pope_Urban_II was church - educated . Pope_Urban_II was archdeacon of Reims when , under the influence of St. Bruno Pope_Urban_II teacher , Pope_Urban_II resigned and Pope_Urban_II entered the cloister at Cluny where
eos Pope_Urban_II was born into nobility in France at Lagery ( near Châtillon - sur - Marne ) and Pope_Urban_II was church - educated . Pope_Urban_II was archdeacon of Reims when , under the influence of St. Bruno Pope_Urban_II teacher , Pope_Urban_II resigned and Pope_Urban_II entered the cloister at Cluny where Pope_Urban_II rose to be prior . In 1078 , Pope Gregory VII ( 1073 - 85 ) summoned
eos Pope_Urban_II was born into nobility in France at Lagery ( near Châtillon - sur - Marne ) and Pope_Urban_II was church - educated . Pope_Urban_II was archdeacon of Reims when , under the influence of St. Bruno Pope_Urban_II teacher , Pope_Urban_II resigned and Pope_Urban_II entered the cloister at Cluny where Pope_Urban_II rose to be prior . In 1078 , Pope Gregory VII ( 1073 - 85 ) summoned Pope_Urban_II to Italy and made
eos Pope_Urban_II was archdeacon of Reims when , under the influence of St. Bruno Pope_Urban_II teacher , Pope_Urban_II resigned and Pope_Urban_II entered the cloister at Cluny where Pope_Urban_II rose to be prior . In 1078 , Pope Gregory VII ( 1073 - 85 ) summoned Pope_Urban_II to Italy and made Pope_Urban_II cardinal - bishop of Ostia .
eos In 1078 , Pope Gregory VII ( 1073 - 85 ) summoned Pope_Urban_II to Italy and made Pope_Urban_II cardinal - bishop of Ostia . Pope_Urban_II was one of the most prominent and active supporters of the Gregorian reforms , especially as legate in Germany in 1084 , and Pope_Urban_II was among the few whom Gregory VII nominated as possible successors to be Pope . Desiderius , abbot of Monte Cassino , who became Pope Victor III ( 1086 - 87 ) was chosen Pope initially , but after his short reign
eos Pope_Urban_II was one of the most prominent and active supporters of the Gregorian reforms , especially as legate in Germany in 1084 , and Pope_Urban_II was among the few whom Gregory VII nominated as possible successors to be Pope . Desiderius , abbot of Monte Cassino , who became Pope Victor III ( 1086 - 87 ) was chosen Pope initially , but after his short reign Pope_Urban_II was elected Pope Urban II by acclamation ( march 1088 ) at a small meeting of cardinals and other prelates held in Terracina .
eos Desiderius , abbot of Monte Cassino , who became Pope Victor III ( 1086 - 87 ) was chosen Pope initially , but after his short reign Pope_Urban_II was elected Pope Urban II by acclamation ( march 1088 ) at a small meeting of cardinals and other prelates held in Terracina . Pope_Urban_II took up the policies of Pope Gregory VII , and while pursuing them with determination , Pope_Urban_II showed greater flexibility , and diplomatic finesse . At the outset
eos Desiderius , abbot of Monte Cassino , who became Pope Victor III ( 1086 - 87 ) was chosen Pope initially , but after his short reign Pope_Urban_II was elected Pope Urban II by acclamation ( march 1088 ) at a small meeting of cardinals and other prelates held in Terracina . Pope_Urban_II took up the policies of Pope Gregory VII , and while pursuing them with determination , Pope_Urban_II showed greater flexibility , and diplomatic finesse . At the outset Pope_Urban_II had to reckon with the presence of the powerful antipope Clement III ( 1080 , 1084 - 1100 ) in Rome ; but a series of well - attended synods held in Rome , Amalfi , Benevento , and Troia supported
eos At the outset Pope_Urban_II had to reckon with the presence of the powerful antipope Clement III ( 1080 , 1084 - 1100 ) in Rome ; but a series of well - attended synods held in Rome , Amalfi , Benevento , and Troia supported Pope_Urban_II in renewed declarations against simony , lay investiture , and clerical marriages , and a continued opposition to Emperor Henry IV ( 1056 - 1105 ) . In accordance with this last policy , the marriage of the countess Matilda of Tuscany with Guelph of Bavaria was promoted , Prince Conrad was helped in his rebellion against his father and crowned King of the Romans at Milan in 1093 , and the Empress ( Adelaide or Praxedes ) encouraged in her charges against her husband . In a protracted struggle also with Philip I of France ( 1060 - 1108 ) , whom
eos At the outset Pope_Urban_II had to reckon with the presence of the powerful antipope Clement III ( 1080 , 1084 - 1100 ) in Rome ; but a series of well - attended synods held in Rome , Amalfi , Benevento , and Troia supported Pope_Urban_II in renewed declarations against simony , lay investiture , and clerical marriages , and a continued opposition to Emperor Henry IV ( 1056 - 1105 ) . In accordance with this last policy , the marriage of the countess Matilda of Tuscany with Guelph of Bavaria was promoted , Prince Conrad was helped in his rebellion against his father and crowned King of the Romans at Milan in 1093 , and the Empress ( Adelaide or Praxedes ) encouraged in her charges against her husband . In a protracted struggle also with Philip I of France ( 1060 - 1108 ) , whom Pope_Urban_II had excommunicated for his adulterous marriage to Bertrade de Montfort ,
eos In accordance with this last policy , the marriage of the countess Matilda of Tuscany with Guelph of Bavaria was promoted , Prince Conrad was helped in his rebellion against his father and crowned King of the Romans at Milan in 1093 , and the Empress ( Adelaide or Praxedes ) encouraged in her charges against her husband . In a protracted struggle also with Philip I of France ( 1060 - 1108 ) , whom Pope_Urban_II had excommunicated for his adulterous marriage to Bertrade de Montfort , Pope_Urban_II finally proved victorious .
eos In accordance with this last policy , the marriage of the countess Matilda of Tuscany with Guelph of Bavaria was promoted , Prince Conrad was helped in his rebellion against his father and crowned King of the Romans at Milan in 1093 , and the Empress ( Adelaide or Praxedes ) encouraged in her charges against her husband . In a protracted struggle also with Philip I of France ( 1060 - 1108 ) , whom Pope_Urban_II had excommunicated for his adulterous marriage to Bertrade de Montfort , Pope_Urban_II finally proved victorious . Pope_Urban_II had much correspondence with Archbishop Anselm of Canterbury , to whom
eos In accordance with this last policy , the marriage of the countess Matilda of Tuscany with Guelph of Bavaria was promoted , Prince Conrad was helped in his rebellion against his father and crowned King of the Romans at Milan in 1093 , and the Empress ( Adelaide or Praxedes ) encouraged in her charges against her husband . In a protracted struggle also with Philip I of France ( 1060 - 1108 ) , whom Pope_Urban_II had excommunicated for his adulterous marriage to Bertrade de Montfort , Pope_Urban_II finally proved victorious . Pope_Urban_II had much correspondence with Archbishop Anselm of Canterbury , to whom Pope_Urban_II extended an order to come urgently to Rome just after the Archbishop 's first flight from England , and earlier Pope_Urban_II gave
eos 
eos Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer ( february 6 1925 - april 30 2006 ) was an Indonesian author of novels , short stories , essays , polemics , and histories of
eos Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer ( february 6 1925 - april 30 2006 ) was an Indonesian author of novels , short stories , essays , polemics , and histories of Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer homeland and its people . A well - regarded writer in the West ,
eos Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer ( february 6 1925 - april 30 2006 ) was an Indonesian author of novels , short stories , essays , polemics , and histories of Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer homeland and its people . A well - regarded writer in the West , Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer outspoken and often politically charged writings faced censorship in
eos Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer ( february 6 1925 - april 30 2006 ) was an Indonesian author of novels , short stories , essays , polemics , and histories of Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer homeland and its people . A well - regarded writer in the West , Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer outspoken and often politically charged writings faced censorship in Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer native land during the pre - reformation era . For opposing the policies of both founding president Sukarno , as well as those of its successor , the New Order regime of Suharto ,
eos A well - regarded writer in the West , Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer outspoken and often politically charged writings faced censorship in Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer native land during the pre - reformation era . For opposing the policies of both founding president Sukarno , as well as those of its successor , the New Order regime of Suharto , Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer faced extrajudicial punishment . During the many years in which
eos A well - regarded writer in the West , Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer outspoken and often politically charged writings faced censorship in Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer native land during the pre - reformation era . For opposing the policies of both founding president Sukarno , as well as those of its successor , the New Order regime of Suharto , Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer faced extrajudicial punishment . During the many years in which Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer suffered imprisonment and house arrest ,
eos 
eos Preston_Manning ( born june 10 , 1942 , in Edmonton , Alberta ) , is a right - leaning populist Canadian politician .
eos Preston_Manning ( born june 10 , 1942 , in Edmonton , Alberta ) , is a right - leaning populist Canadian politician . Preston_Manning was the first and only leader of the Reform Party of Canada , a Canadian federal political party that evolved into the Canadian Alliance .
eos Preston_Manning was the first and only leader of the Reform Party of Canada , a Canadian federal political party that evolved into the Canadian Alliance . Preston_Manning sat in Parliament for this party until retirement , after which it in turn merged with the Progressive Conservative Party to form today 's Conservative Party of Canada .
eos Preston_Manning sat in Parliament for this party until retirement , after which it in turn merged with the Progressive Conservative Party to form today 's Conservative Party of Canada . Preston_Manning came from a political background :
eos Preston_Manning came from a political background : Preston_Manning was the son of Ernest Manning , Social Credit Party Premier of Alberta between 1943 and 1968 . In 1964 ,
eos Preston_Manning was the son of Ernest Manning , Social Credit Party Premier of Alberta between 1943 and 1968 . In 1964 , Preston_Manning graduated from the University of Alberta with a BA in Economics .
eos In 1964 , Preston_Manning graduated from the University of Alberta with a BA in Economics . Preston_Manning sought election to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1965 federal election as a candidate of the federal Social Credit Party , but Preston_Manning was defeated . Preston_Manning identifies
eos In 1964 , Preston_Manning graduated from the University of Alberta with a BA in Economics . Preston_Manning sought election to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1965 federal election as a candidate of the federal Social Credit Party , but Preston_Manning was defeated .
eos Preston_Manning sought election to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1965 federal election as a candidate of the federal Social Credit Party , but Preston_Manning was defeated . Preston_Manning identifies Preston_Manning as an evangelical Christian .
eos Preston_Manning identifies Preston_Manning as an evangelical Christian . Preston_Manning formed the Reform Party in 1987 .
eos All of the Reform Party 's candidates were defeated in the 1988 federal election . However , the first Reform Member of Parliament , Deborah Grey was elected in a Federal by - election in 1989 at Beaver River , Alberta .
eos However , the first Reform Member of Parliament , Deborah Grey was elected in a Federal by - election in 1989 at Beaver River , Alberta . Preston_Manning was elected to the House of Commons in the 1993 federal election , when Reform experienced its first major electoral success , replacing the Progressive Conservative Party as Canada 's dominant conservative party , with a base especially in Western Canada . In the 1997 election , the party became Canada 's official opposition , with
eos Preston_Manning was elected to the House of Commons in the 1993 federal election , when Reform experienced its first major electoral success , replacing the Progressive Conservative Party as Canada 's dominant conservative party , with a base especially in Western Canada . In the 1997 election , the party became Canada 's official opposition , with Preston_Manning becoming the Leader of the Opposition . With Reform 's emergence , however ,
eos With Reform 's emergence , however , Preston_Manning fragmented the conservative vote into two parts - Reform and the weakened PC Party . With Canada 's plurality voting system , the result was political domination by the Liberal Party . Consequently ,
eos With Reform 's emergence , however , Preston_Manning fragmented the conservative vote into two parts - Reform and the weakened PC Party . With Canada 's plurality voting system , the result was political domination by the Liberal Party . Consequently , Preston_Manning new goal was to reunite the two conservative parties under
eos With Reform 's emergence , however , Preston_Manning fragmented the conservative vote into two parts - Reform and the weakened PC Party . With Canada 's plurality voting system , the result was political domination by the Liberal Party . Consequently , Preston_Manning new goal was to reunite the two conservative parties under Preston_Manning leadership , and
eos The movement resulted in the formation of a new party , the Canadian Alliance , which as its full name ( Canadian Reform Conservative Alliance ) shows , was intended to supplant both parties . Most of the PC Party , however , refused to cooperate , and critics claimed the new party was little more than an image makeover for the Reform Party . With the formation of the new party ,
eos Most of the PC Party , however , refused to cooperate , and critics claimed the new party was little more than an image makeover for the Reform Party . With the formation of the new party , Preston_Manning opened the door for rival leadership bids in the Canadian Alliance leadership election . After a fiercely close campaign ,
eos With the formation of the new party , Preston_Manning opened the door for rival leadership bids in the Canadian Alliance leadership election . After a fiercely close campaign , Preston_Manning was succeeded as leader by the younger and more flamboyant Stockwell Day in 2000 .
eos With the formation of the new party , Preston_Manning opened the door for rival leadership bids in the Canadian Alliance leadership election . After a fiercely close campaign , Preston_Manning was succeeded as leader by the younger and more flamboyant Stockwell Day in 2000 . Preston_Manning published
eos Big : Adventures in Life and Democracy , in october 2003 .
eos Big : Adventures in Life and Democracy , in october 2003 . Preston_Manning ends the book by promising to ` ` scout '' the future of Canada ;
eos Big : Adventures in Life and Democracy , in october 2003 . Preston_Manning ends the book by promising to ` ` scout '' the future of Canada ; Preston_Manning is in this sense continuing to write about policy , especially policy that
eos Adventures in Life and Democracy , in october 2003 . Preston_Manning ends the book by promising to ` ` scout '' the future of Canada ; Preston_Manning is in this sense continuing to write about policy , especially policy that Preston_Manning feels will be detrimental to the future of the country .
eos Preston_Manning ends the book by promising to ` ` scout '' the future of Canada ; Preston_Manning is in this sense continuing to write about policy , especially policy that Preston_Manning feels will be detrimental to the future of the country . Preston_Manning founded the Manning Centre for Building Democracy in 2005 to train conservatives for active political life .
eos Preston_Manning founded the Manning Centre for Building Democracy in 2005 to train conservatives for active political life . Preston_Manning also served as Governor General for the British Columbia Universities Model Parliament Society ( BCUMP ) in january 2006 . Following the ` ` crushing blow '' received by Ralph Klein in the Alberta Progressive Conservative Party 's leadership review vote in which Klein received the support of only 55 % of delegates ,
eos Preston_Manning founded the Manning Centre for Building Democracy in 2005 to train conservatives for active political life . Preston_Manning also served as Governor General for the British Columbia Universities Model Parliament Society ( BCUMP ) in january 2006 . Following the ` ` crushing blow '' received by Ralph Klein in the Alberta Progressive Conservative Party 's leadership review vote in which Klein received the support of only 55 % of delegates , Preston_Manning told Canadian Press that
eos Preston_Manning also served as Governor General for the British Columbia Universities Model Parliament Society ( BCUMP ) in january 2006 . Following the ` ` crushing blow '' received by Ralph Klein in the Alberta Progressive Conservative Party 's leadership review vote in which Klein received the support of only 55 % of delegates , Preston_Manning told Canadian Press that Preston_Manning was ` ` leaving the door open '' for a possible bid in the Alberta Progressive Conservative leadership election being held to choose a successor to Ralph Klein .
eos Preston_Manning also served as Governor General for the British Columbia Universities Model Parliament Society ( BCUMP ) in january 2006 . Following the ` ` crushing blow '' received by Ralph Klein in the Alberta Progressive Conservative Party 's leadership review vote in which Klein received the support of only 55 % of delegates , Preston_Manning told Canadian Press that Preston_Manning was ` ` leaving the door open '' for a possible bid in the Alberta Progressive Conservative leadership election being held to choose a successor to Ralph Klein . Preston_Manning announced on May 18 , 2006 that
eos Following the ` ` crushing blow '' received by Ralph Klein in the Alberta Progressive Conservative Party 's leadership review vote in which Klein received the support of only 55 % of delegates , Preston_Manning told Canadian Press that Preston_Manning was ` ` leaving the door open '' for a possible bid in the Alberta Progressive Conservative leadership election being held to choose a successor to Ralph Klein . Preston_Manning announced on May 18 , 2006 that Preston_Manning would not be a candidate in the leadership election , citing a desire to remain close to family and to influence politics by generating new policy ideas through the Manning Centre . Muriel Manning ,
eos 
eos ( november / december 260 BCE - september 10 , 210 BCE ) , personal name Zheng , was king of the Chinese State of Qin from 247 BCE to 221 BCE , and then the first emperor of a unified China from 221 BCE to 210 BCE , ruling under the name First Emperor . Having unified China ,
eos ( november / december 260 BCE - september 10 , 210 BCE ) , personal name Zheng , was king of the Chinese State of Qin from 247 BCE to 221 BCE , and then the first emperor of a unified China from 221 BCE to 210 BCE , ruling under the name First Emperor . Having unified China , Qin_Shi_Huang and
eos 260 BCE - september 10 , 210 BCE ) , personal name Zheng , was king of the Chinese State of Qin from 247 BCE to 221 BCE , and then the first emperor of a unified China from 221 BCE to 210 BCE , ruling under the name First Emperor . Having unified China , Qin_Shi_Huang and Qin_Shi_Huang prime minister Lǐ Sī passed a series of major reforms aimed at cementing the unification , and they undertook some gigantic construction projects , most notably the precursor version of the current Great Wall of China . For all the tyranny of
eos 260 BCE - september 10 , 210 BCE ) , personal name Zheng , was king of the Chinese State of Qin from 247 BCE to 221 BCE , and then the first emperor of a unified China from 221 BCE to 210 BCE , ruling under the name First Emperor . Having unified China , Qin_Shi_Huang and Qin_Shi_Huang prime minister Lǐ Sī passed a series of major reforms aimed at cementing the unification , and they undertook some gigantic construction projects , most notably the precursor version of the current Great Wall of China . For all the tyranny of Qin_Shi_Huang autocratic rule ,
eos 260 BCE - september 10 , 210 BCE ) , personal name Zheng , was king of the Chinese State of Qin from 247 BCE to 221 BCE , and then the first emperor of a unified China from 221 BCE to 210 BCE , ruling under the name First Emperor . Having unified China , Qin_Shi_Huang and Qin_Shi_Huang prime minister Lǐ Sī passed a series of major reforms aimed at cementing the unification , and they undertook some gigantic construction projects , most notably the precursor version of the current Great Wall of China . For all the tyranny of Qin_Shi_Huang autocratic rule , Qin_Shi_Huang is still regarded by many today as the founding father in Chinese history
eos 
eos Rauf_Denktas ( in English often spelled Rauf Denktash ) ( born january 27 , 1924 ) is the founder of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus , a defacto state which is only recognized by Turkey .
eos 
eos Rene_Descartes ( march 31 , 1596 - february 11 , 1650 ) , also known as Cartesius , was a noted French philosopher , mathematician , and scientist . Dubbed the ` ` Founder of Modern Philosophy '' and the ` ` Father of Modern Mathematics , ''
eos Rene_Descartes ( march 31 , 1596 - february 11 , 1650 ) , also known as Cartesius , was a noted French philosopher , mathematician , and scientist . Dubbed the ` ` Founder of Modern Philosophy '' and the ` ` Father of Modern Mathematics , '' Rene_Descartes ranks as one of the most important and influential thinkers of modern times . For good or bad , much of subsequent western philosophy is a reaction to
eos Rene_Descartes ( march 31 , 1596 - february 11 , 1650 ) , also known as Cartesius , was a noted French philosopher , mathematician , and scientist . Dubbed the ` ` Founder of Modern Philosophy '' and the ` ` Father of Modern Mathematics , '' Rene_Descartes ranks as one of the most important and influential thinkers of modern times . For good or bad , much of subsequent western philosophy is a reaction to Rene_Descartes writings , which have been closely studied from
eos Dubbed the ` ` Founder of Modern Philosophy '' and the ` ` Father of Modern Mathematics , '' Rene_Descartes ranks as one of the most important and influential thinkers of modern times . For good or bad , much of subsequent western philosophy is a reaction to Rene_Descartes writings , which have been closely studied from Rene_Descartes time down to the present day .
eos For good or bad , much of subsequent western philosophy is a reaction to Rene_Descartes writings , which have been closely studied from Rene_Descartes time down to the present day . Rene_Descartes was one of the key thinkers of the Scientific Revolution in the Western World .
eos For good or bad , much of subsequent western philosophy is a reaction to Rene_Descartes writings , which have been closely studied from Rene_Descartes time down to the present day . Rene_Descartes was one of the key thinkers of the Scientific Revolution in the Western World . Rene_Descartes influence in mathematics is also apparent , the Cartesian coordinate system used in plane geometry and algebra being named after
eos Rene_Descartes was one of the key thinkers of the Scientific Revolution in the Western World . Rene_Descartes influence in mathematics is also apparent , the Cartesian coordinate system used in plane geometry and algebra being named after Rene_Descartes . Rene_Descartes frequently contrasted Rene_Descartes views with those of
eos Rene_Descartes was one of the key thinkers of the Scientific Revolution in the Western World . Rene_Descartes influence in mathematics is also apparent , the Cartesian coordinate system used in plane geometry and algebra being named after Rene_Descartes .
eos Rene_Descartes was one of the key thinkers of the Scientific Revolution in the Western World . Rene_Descartes influence in mathematics is also apparent , the Cartesian coordinate system used in plane geometry and algebra being named after Rene_Descartes . Rene_Descartes frequently contrasted
eos Rene_Descartes influence in mathematics is also apparent , the Cartesian coordinate system used in plane geometry and algebra being named after Rene_Descartes . Rene_Descartes frequently contrasted Rene_Descartes views with those of Rene_Descartes predecessors . In the opening section of the ` ` Passions of the Soul '' ,
eos Rene_Descartes influence in mathematics is also apparent , the Cartesian coordinate system used in plane geometry and algebra being named after Rene_Descartes . Rene_Descartes frequently contrasted Rene_Descartes views with those of Rene_Descartes predecessors . In the opening section of the ` ` Passions of the Soul '' , Rene_Descartes goes so far as to assert that
eos Rene_Descartes influence in mathematics is also apparent , the Cartesian coordinate system used in plane geometry and algebra being named after Rene_Descartes . Rene_Descartes frequently contrasted Rene_Descartes views with those of Rene_Descartes predecessors . In the opening section of the ` ` Passions of the Soul '' , Rene_Descartes goes so far as to assert that Rene_Descartes will write on
eos Rene_Descartes frequently contrasted Rene_Descartes views with those of Rene_Descartes predecessors . In the opening section of the ` ` Passions of the Soul '' , Rene_Descartes goes so far as to assert that Rene_Descartes will write on Rene_Descartes topic ` ` as if no one had written on these matters before '' . Nevertheless many elements of
eos In the opening section of the ` ` Passions of the Soul '' , Rene_Descartes goes so far as to assert that Rene_Descartes will write on Rene_Descartes topic ` ` as if no one had written on these matters before '' . Nevertheless many elements of Rene_Descartes philosophy have precedents in late Aristotelianism , the revived Stoicism of the 16th century , or in earlier philosophers like Augustine . In
eos In the opening section of the ` ` Passions of the Soul '' , Rene_Descartes goes so far as to assert that Rene_Descartes will write on Rene_Descartes topic ` ` as if no one had written on these matters before '' . Nevertheless many elements of Rene_Descartes philosophy have precedents in late Aristotelianism , the revived Stoicism of the 16th century , or in earlier philosophers like Augustine . In Rene_Descartes natural philosophy ,
eos In the opening section of the ` ` Passions of the Soul '' , Rene_Descartes goes so far as to assert that Rene_Descartes will write on Rene_Descartes topic ` ` as if no one had written on these matters before '' . Nevertheless many elements of Rene_Descartes philosophy have precedents in late Aristotelianism , the revived Stoicism of the 16th century , or in earlier philosophers like Augustine . In Rene_Descartes natural philosophy , Rene_Descartes differs from the Schools on two major points : first ,
eos In the opening section of the ` ` Passions of the Soul '' , Rene_Descartes goes so far as to assert that Rene_Descartes will write on Rene_Descartes topic ` ` as if no one had written on these matters before '' . Nevertheless many elements of Rene_Descartes philosophy have precedents in late Aristotelianism , the revived Stoicism of the 16th century , or in earlier philosophers like Augustine . In Rene_Descartes natural philosophy , Rene_Descartes differs from the Schools on two major points : first , Rene_Descartes rejects the analysis of corporeal substance into matter and form ; second ,
eos Nevertheless many elements of Rene_Descartes philosophy have precedents in late Aristotelianism , the revived Stoicism of the 16th century , or in earlier philosophers like Augustine . In Rene_Descartes natural philosophy , Rene_Descartes differs from the Schools on two major points : first , Rene_Descartes rejects the analysis of corporeal substance into matter and form ; second , Rene_Descartes rejects any appeal to ends - divine or natural - in explaining natural phenomena . In
eos Nevertheless many elements of Rene_Descartes philosophy have precedents in late Aristotelianism , the revived Stoicism of the 16th century , or in earlier philosophers like Augustine . In Rene_Descartes natural philosophy , Rene_Descartes differs from the Schools on two major points : first , Rene_Descartes rejects the analysis of corporeal substance into matter and form ; second , Rene_Descartes rejects any appeal to ends - divine or natural - in explaining natural phenomena . In Rene_Descartes theology ,
eos In Rene_Descartes natural philosophy , Rene_Descartes differs from the Schools on two major points : first , Rene_Descartes rejects the analysis of corporeal substance into matter and form ; second , Rene_Descartes rejects any appeal to ends - divine or natural - in explaining natural phenomena . In Rene_Descartes theology , Rene_Descartes insists on the absolute freedom of God 's act of creation .
eos In Rene_Descartes theology , Rene_Descartes insists on the absolute freedom of God 's act of creation . Rene_Descartes was a major figure in 17th century continental rationalism , later advocated by Baruch Spinoza and Gottfried Leibniz , and opposed by the empiricist school of thought , consisting of Hobbes , Locke , Berkeley , and Hume . Leibniz , Spinoza and
eos In Rene_Descartes theology , Rene_Descartes insists on the absolute freedom of God 's act of creation . Rene_Descartes was a major figure in 17th century continental rationalism , later advocated by Baruch Spinoza and Gottfried Leibniz , and opposed by the empiricist school of thought , consisting of Hobbes , Locke , Berkeley , and Hume . Leibniz , Spinoza and Rene_Descartes were all versed in mathematics as well as philosophy , and
eos Rene_Descartes was a major figure in 17th century continental rationalism , later advocated by Baruch Spinoza and Gottfried Leibniz , and opposed by the empiricist school of thought , consisting of Hobbes , Locke , Berkeley , and Hume . Leibniz , Spinoza and Rene_Descartes were all versed in mathematics as well as philosophy , and Rene_Descartes and Leibniz contributed greatly to science as well . As the inventor of the Cartesian coordinate system ,
eos Leibniz , Spinoza and Rene_Descartes were all versed in mathematics as well as philosophy , and Rene_Descartes and Leibniz contributed greatly to science as well . As the inventor of the Cartesian coordinate system , Rene_Descartes founded analytic geometry , that bridge between algebra and geometry crucial to the invention of the calculus and analysis .
eos As the inventor of the Cartesian coordinate system , Rene_Descartes founded analytic geometry , that bridge between algebra and geometry crucial to the invention of the calculus and analysis . Rene_Descartes reflections on mind and mechanism began the strain of western thought that much later , impelled by the invention of the electronic computer and by the possibility of machine intelligence , blossomed into , eg , the Turing test .
eos 
eos Richard_Branson ( born 18 july 1950 , Shamley Green , Surrey ) , sometimes abbreviated as SRB for ` ` Sir Richard Branson '' , is an English entrepreneur , best known for
eos Richard_Branson ( born 18 july 1950 , Shamley Green , Surrey ) , sometimes abbreviated as SRB for ` ` Sir Richard Branson '' , is an English entrepreneur , best known for Richard_Branson Virgin brand , a banner that encompasses a variety of business organisations . It is estimated that
eos Richard_Branson ( born 18 july 1950 , Shamley Green , Surrey ) , sometimes abbreviated as SRB for ` ` Sir Richard Branson '' , is an English entrepreneur , best known for Richard_Branson Virgin brand , a banner that encompasses a variety of business organisations . It is estimated that Richard_Branson is worth over £ 3 billion ( equivalent to more than US$ 5 billion ) according to the Sunday Times Rich List 2006 . On the 12th of october , 2006 ,
eos Richard_Branson ( born 18 july 1950 , Shamley Green , Surrey ) , sometimes abbreviated as SRB for ` ` Sir Richard Branson '' , is an English entrepreneur , best known for Richard_Branson Virgin brand , a banner that encompasses a variety of business organisations . It is estimated that Richard_Branson is worth over £ 3 billion ( equivalent to more than US$ 5 billion ) according to the Sunday Times Rich List 2006 . On the 12th of october , 2006 , Richard_Branson emphasised
eos 
eos Richard_Burton CBE ( november 10 1925 - august 5 1984 ) was a Welsh actor .
eos Richard_Burton CBE ( november 10 1925 - august 5 1984 ) was a Welsh actor . Richard_Burton is often considered to be one of the greatest British actors of all time and at one time Richard_Burton was the highest paid actor in Hollywood . Known for
eos 
eos Richard_Dawkins ( born march 261941 ) is an eminent British ethologist , evolutionary scientist , and popular science writer
eos Richard_Dawkins ( born march 261941 ) is an eminent British ethologist , evolutionary scientist , and popular science writer Richard_Dawkins holds the Charles Simonyi Chair in the Public Understanding of Science at Oxford University .
eos Richard_Dawkins ( born march 261941 ) is an eminent British ethologist , evolutionary scientist , and popular science writer Richard_Dawkins holds the Charles Simonyi Chair in the Public Understanding of Science at Oxford University . Richard_Dawkins first came to prominence with
eos an eminent British ethologist , evolutionary scientist , and popular science writer Richard_Dawkins holds the Charles Simonyi Chair in the Public Understanding of Science at Oxford University . Richard_Dawkins first came to prominence with Richard_Dawkins 1976 book The Selfish Gene which popularised the gene - centric view of evolution and introduced the term meme into the lexicon , thereby helping to found the field of memetics . In 1982 ,
eos an eminent British ethologist , evolutionary scientist , and popular science writer Richard_Dawkins holds the Charles Simonyi Chair in the Public Understanding of Science at Oxford University . Richard_Dawkins first came to prominence with Richard_Dawkins 1976 book The Selfish Gene which popularised the gene - centric view of evolution and introduced the term meme into the lexicon , thereby helping to found the field of memetics . In 1982 , Richard_Dawkins made a major contribution to the science of evolution with the theory , presented in
eos Richard_Dawkins first came to prominence with Richard_Dawkins 1976 book The Selfish Gene which popularised the gene - centric view of evolution and introduced the term meme into the lexicon , thereby helping to found the field of memetics . In 1982 , Richard_Dawkins made a major contribution to the science of evolution with the theory , presented in Richard_Dawkins widely cited book The Extended Phenotype , that phenotypic effects are not limited to an organism 's body but can stretch far into the environment , including into the bodies of other organisms .
eos In 1982 , Richard_Dawkins made a major contribution to the science of evolution with the theory , presented in Richard_Dawkins widely cited book The Extended Phenotype , that phenotypic effects are not limited to an organism 's body but can stretch far into the environment , including into the bodies of other organisms . Richard_Dawkins has since written several best - selling popular books on evolution , and Richard_Dawkins has appeared in a number of television and radio programmes on evolutionary biology , creationism , and religion .
eos Richard_Dawkins has since written several best - selling popular books on evolution , and Richard_Dawkins has appeared in a number of television and radio programmes on evolutionary biology , creationism , and religion . Richard_Dawkins is an outspoken atheist , humanist , and sceptic , and Richard_Dawkins is a prominent member of the Brights movement . In a play on Thomas Huxley 's epithet ` ` Darwin 's bulldog '' ,
eos Richard_Dawkins has since written several best - selling popular books on evolution , and Richard_Dawkins has appeared in a number of television and radio programmes on evolutionary biology , creationism , and religion . Richard_Dawkins is an outspoken atheist , humanist , and sceptic , and Richard_Dawkins is a prominent member of the Brights movement . In a play on Thomas Huxley 's epithet ` ` Darwin 's bulldog '' , Richard_Dawkins impassioned defence of Darwinian evolution has earned
eos 
eos Richard_III_of_England ( 2 october 1452 - 22 august 1485 ) was King of England from 1483 until
eos Richard_III_of_England ( 2 october 1452 - 22 august 1485 ) was King of England from 1483 until Richard_III_of_England death .
eos Richard_III_of_England ( 2 october 1452 - 22 august 1485 ) was King of England from 1483 until Richard_III_of_England death . Richard_III_of_England was the last king from the House of York , and
eos Richard_III_of_England ( 2 october 1452 - 22 august 1485 ) was King of England from 1483 until Richard_III_of_England death . Richard_III_of_England was the last king from the House of York , and Richard_III_of_England defeat ended the Wars of the Roses . After the death of
eos Richard_III_of_England ( 2 october 1452 - 22 august 1485 ) was King of England from 1483 until Richard_III_of_England death . Richard_III_of_England was the last king from the House of York , and Richard_III_of_England defeat ended the Wars of the Roses . After the death of Richard_III_of_England brother King Edward IV ,
eos Richard_III_of_England ( 2 october 1452 - 22 august 1485 ) was King of England from 1483 until Richard_III_of_England death . Richard_III_of_England was the last king from the House of York , and Richard_III_of_England defeat ended the Wars of the Roses . After the death of Richard_III_of_England brother King Edward IV , Richard_III_of_England briefly governed as regent for Edward 's son King Edward V with the title of Lord Protector , but
eos Richard_III_of_England ( 2 october 1452 - 22 august 1485 ) was King of England from 1483 until Richard_III_of_England death . Richard_III_of_England was the last king from the House of York , and Richard_III_of_England defeat ended the Wars of the Roses . After the death of Richard_III_of_England brother King Edward IV , Richard_III_of_England briefly governed as regent for Edward 's son King Edward V with the title of Lord Protector , but Richard_III_of_England placed Edward and his brother Richard in the Tower ( see Princes in the Tower ) and Richard_III_of_England acquired the throne for
eos Richard_III_of_England was the last king from the House of York , and Richard_III_of_England defeat ended the Wars of the Roses . After the death of Richard_III_of_England brother King Edward IV , Richard_III_of_England briefly governed as regent for Edward 's son King Edward V with the title of Lord Protector , but Richard_III_of_England placed Edward and his brother Richard in the Tower ( see Princes in the Tower ) and Richard_III_of_England acquired the throne for Richard_III_of_England , being crowned on 6 july 1483 . Two large - scale rebellions rose against
eos After the death of Richard_III_of_England brother King Edward IV , Richard_III_of_England briefly governed as regent for Edward 's son King Edward V with the title of Lord Protector , but Richard_III_of_England placed Edward and his brother Richard in the Tower ( see Princes in the Tower ) and Richard_III_of_England acquired the throne for Richard_III_of_England , being crowned on 6 july 1483 . Two large - scale rebellions rose against Richard_III_of_England . The first , in 1483 , was led by old diehard opponents of Edward IV and , most notably ,
eos The first , in 1483 , was led by old diehard opponents of Edward IV and , most notably , Richard_III_of_England own ` kingmaker ' , Henry Stafford , Duke of Buckingham . The revolt collapsed and Buckingham was executed at Salisbury , near the Bull 's Head Inn . However , in 1485 , another rebellion arose against
eos The revolt collapsed and Buckingham was executed at Salisbury , near the Bull 's Head Inn . However , in 1485 , another rebellion arose against Richard_III_of_England , headed by Henry Tudor , 2nd Earl of Richmond ( later King Henry VII ) and his uncle Jasper . The rebels landed and
eos However , in 1485 , another rebellion arose against Richard_III_of_England , headed by Henry Tudor , 2nd Earl of Richmond ( later King Henry VII ) and his uncle Jasper . The rebels landed and Richard_III_of_England fell in the Battle of Bosworth Field , then known as Redemore or Dadlington Field , as the last Plantagenet king and the last English king to die in battle . William Shakespeare 's play Richard III has made
eos 
eos Richard_Posner ( born january 11 , 1939 in New York City ) is currently a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit .
eos Richard_Posner ( born january 11 , 1939 in New York City ) is currently a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit . Richard_Posner is a major voice in the law and economics movement , which
eos Richard_Posner ( born january 11 , 1939 in New York City ) is currently a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit . Richard_Posner is a major voice in the law and economics movement , which Richard_Posner helped start while a professor at the University of Chicago Law School .
eos 
eos Richard_Rorty ( born october 4 , 1931 in New York City ) is an American philosopher .
eos 
eos Rick_Hansen CC , OBC ( 1957 - ) is a Canadian paraplegic athlete and activist for people with spinal cord injuries
eos Rick_Hansen CC , OBC ( 1957 - ) is a Canadian paraplegic athlete and activist for people with spinal cord injuries Rick_Hansen is most famous for
eos Rick_Hansen CC , OBC ( 1957 - ) is a Canadian paraplegic athlete and activist for people with spinal cord injuries Rick_Hansen is most famous for Rick_Hansen Man in Motion world tour to raise money for the cause and show the physical capabilities of such people .
eos Rick_Hansen CC , OBC ( 1957 - ) is a Canadian paraplegic athlete and activist for people with spinal cord injuries Rick_Hansen is most famous for Rick_Hansen Man in Motion world tour to raise money for the cause and show the physical capabilities of such people . Rick_Hansen is married to Amanda ,
eos 
eos Rick_Mercer ( born october 17 , 1969 in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador ) , is a Canadian comedian , television personality and occasionally , a blogger .
eos Rick_Mercer ( born october 17 , 1969 in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador ) , is a Canadian comedian , television personality and occasionally , a blogger . Rick_Mercer first came to national attention in 1990 , when
eos Rick_Mercer ( born october 17 , 1969 in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador ) , is a Canadian comedian , television personality and occasionally , a blogger . Rick_Mercer first came to national attention in 1990 , when Rick_Mercer premiered
eos , I 'll Push It , or Charles Lynch Must Die at the National Arts Centre in Ottawa . A pointed , satirical political commentary on Canadian life after Meech Lake , Show Me the Button made
eos , I 'll Push It , or Charles Lynch Must Die at the National Arts Centre in Ottawa . A pointed , satirical political commentary on Canadian life after Meech Lake , Show Me the Button made Rick_Mercer a national star as
eos Must Die at the National Arts Centre in Ottawa . A pointed , satirical political commentary on Canadian life after Meech Lake , Show Me the Button made Rick_Mercer a national star as Rick_Mercer toured the show across Canada .
eos Must Die at the National Arts Centre in Ottawa . A pointed , satirical political commentary on Canadian life after Meech Lake , Show Me the Button made Rick_Mercer a national star as Rick_Mercer toured the show across Canada . Rick_Mercer dropped out of high school before completing
eos 
eos Robbie_Williams ( born Robert Peter Williams on february 13 , 1974 in Burslem , Stoke - on - Trent , Staffordshire ) is an English pop artist / songwriter .
eos Robbie_Williams ( born Robert Peter Williams on february 13 , 1974 in Burslem , Stoke - on - Trent , Staffordshire ) is an English pop artist / songwriter . Robbie_Williams career started as a member of the immensely successful band Take That in 1990 , which
eos Robbie_Williams career started as a member of the immensely successful band Take That in 1990 , which Robbie_Williams left in 1995 . Since then ,
eos Take That in 1990 , which Robbie_Williams left in 1995 . Since then , Robbie_Williams has grown to become one of the most successful male solo artists in British history . Despite
eos Take That in 1990 , which Robbie_Williams left in 1995 . Since then , Robbie_Williams has grown to become one of the most successful male solo artists in British history . Despite Robbie_Williams lack of success in United States ,
eos Since then , Robbie_Williams has grown to become one of the most successful male solo artists in British history . Despite Robbie_Williams lack of success in United States , Robbie_Williams album sales stand at nearly 47 million worldwide and Robbie_Williams has sold approximately 15 million singles around the world . In the UK alone
eos Despite Robbie_Williams lack of success in United States , Robbie_Williams album sales stand at nearly 47 million worldwide and Robbie_Williams has sold approximately 15 million singles around the world . In the UK alone Robbie_Williams has sold nearly 5.5 . This brings
eos In the UK alone Robbie_Williams has sold nearly 5.5 . This brings Robbie_Williams total sales to more than 60 million records .
eos This brings Robbie_Williams total sales to more than 60 million records . Robbie_Williams holds 8 number one albums , 6 number one singles in the UK and Robbie_Williams has been the recepient of countless awards .
eos Robbie_Williams holds 8 number one albums , 6 number one singles in the UK and Robbie_Williams has been the recepient of countless awards . Robbie_Williams is also the best - selling international act in Latin America . Elton John recently described
eos 
eos Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell , 1st Baron Baden - Powell OM , GCMG , GCVO , KCB ( 22 february 1857 - 8 january 1941 ) , also known as B - P , was a Lieutenant - General in the British Army , writer , and founder of the world Scouting Movement . After having been educated at Charterhouse School ,
eos Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell , 1st Baron Baden - Powell OM , GCMG , GCVO , KCB ( 22 february 1857 - 8 january 1941 ) , also known as B - P , was a Lieutenant - General in the British Army , writer , and founder of the world Scouting Movement . After having been educated at Charterhouse School , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell joined the British Army in 1876 , and Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell was posted in India and Africa , and Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell served three years in the British Secret Intelligence Service . In 1899 , during the Second Boer War in South Africa ,
eos Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell , 1st Baron Baden - Powell OM , GCMG , GCVO , KCB ( 22 february 1857 - 8 january 1941 ) , also known as B - P , was a Lieutenant - General in the British Army , writer , and founder of the world Scouting Movement . After having been educated at Charterhouse School , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell joined the British Army in 1876 , and Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell was posted in India and Africa , and Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell served three years in the British Secret Intelligence Service . In 1899 , during the Second Boer War in South Africa , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell successfully defended
eos After having been educated at Charterhouse School , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell joined the British Army in 1876 , and Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell was posted in India and Africa , and Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell served three years in the British Secret Intelligence Service . In 1899 , during the Second Boer War in South Africa , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell successfully defended Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell fortress and the surrounding city in the Siege of Mafeking . In 1910
eos In 1899 , during the Second Boer War in South Africa , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell successfully defended Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell fortress and the surrounding city in the Siege of Mafeking . In 1910 Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell retired from the Army .
eos In 1910 Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell retired from the Army . Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell was a prolific painter and writer . Several of Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell military books , written for military reconnaissance and scout training in
eos In 1910 Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell retired from the Army . Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell was a prolific painter and writer . Several of
eos Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell was a prolific painter and writer . Several of Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell military books , written for military reconnaissance and scout training in Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell African years , were also used by boys . Based on those earlier books ,
eos Several of Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell military books , written for military reconnaissance and scout training in Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell African years , were also used by boys . Based on those earlier books , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell wrote Scouting for Boys , published in 1908 by Pearson , for youth readership . During writing ,
eos Several of Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell military books , written for military reconnaissance and scout training in Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell African years , were also used by boys . Based on those earlier books , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell wrote Scouting for Boys , published in 1908 by Pearson , for youth readership . During writing , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell tested
eos Based on those earlier books , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell wrote Scouting for Boys , published in 1908 by Pearson , for youth readership . During writing , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell tested Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell ideas through a camping trip on Brownsea Island in 1907 , which is now seen as the beginning of Scouting . After
eos Based on those earlier books , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell wrote Scouting for Boys , published in 1908 by Pearson , for youth readership . During writing , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell tested Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell ideas through a camping trip on Brownsea Island in 1907 , which is now seen as the beginning of Scouting . After Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell marriage with Olave StClair Soames ,
eos Based on those earlier books , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell wrote Scouting for Boys , published in 1908 by Pearson , for youth readership . During writing , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell tested Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell ideas through a camping trip on Brownsea Island in 1907 , which is now seen as the beginning of Scouting . After Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell marriage with Olave StClair Soames , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell ,
eos Based on those earlier books , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell wrote Scouting for Boys , published in 1908 by Pearson , for youth readership . During writing , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell tested Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell ideas through a camping trip on Brownsea Island in 1907 , which is now seen as the beginning of Scouting . After Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell marriage with Olave StClair Soames , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell sister Agnes Baden - Powell and notably
eos During writing , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell tested Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell ideas through a camping trip on Brownsea Island in 1907 , which is now seen as the beginning of Scouting . After Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell marriage with Olave StClair Soames , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell sister Agnes Baden - Powell and notably Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell wife actively gave guidance to the Scouting Movement and the Girl Guides Movement .
eos 
eos 
eos Robert_Falcon_Scott ( 6 june 1868 - 29 march 1912 ) was a Royal Naval officer and Antarctic explorer . In the so - called ` Race to the South Pole '
eos Robert_Falcon_Scott ( 6 june 1868 - 29 march 1912 ) was a Royal Naval officer and Antarctic explorer . In the so - called ` Race to the South Pole ' Robert_Falcon_Scott came second , behind the Norwegian Roald Amundsen ; and Robert_Falcon_Scott subsequently died , along with four companions , whilst trying to return to the safety of their base .
eos 
eos Robert_Putnam ( born january 9 , 1941 in Rochester , New York ) is a political scientist and professor at Harvard University , well - known for
eos Robert_Putnam ( born january 9 , 1941 in Rochester , New York ) is a political scientist and professor at Harvard University , well - known for Robert_Putnam writings on civic engagement , civil society , and social capital .
eos Robert_Putnam ( born january 9 , 1941 in Rochester , New York ) is a political scientist and professor at Harvard University , well - known for Robert_Putnam writings on civic engagement , civil society , and social capital . Robert_Putnam also developed the influential two - level game theory that assumes international agreements will only be successfully brokered if they also result in domestic benefits .
eos Robert_Putnam also developed the influential two - level game theory that assumes international agreements will only be successfully brokered if they also result in domestic benefits . Robert_Putnam most famous ( and controversial ) work , Bowling Alone , argues that the United States has undergone an unprecedented collapse in civic , social , associational , and political life ( social capital ) since the 1960s , with serious negative consequences . Though
eos Robert_Putnam also developed the influential two - level game theory that assumes international agreements will only be successfully brokered if they also result in domestic benefits . Robert_Putnam most famous ( and controversial ) work , Bowling Alone , argues that the United States has undergone an unprecedented collapse in civic , social , associational , and political life ( social capital ) since the 1960s , with serious negative consequences . Though Robert_Putnam measured this decline in data of many varieties ,
eos Robert_Putnam most famous ( and controversial ) work , Bowling Alone , argues that the United States has undergone an unprecedented collapse in civic , social , associational , and political life ( social capital ) since the 1960s , with serious negative consequences . Though Robert_Putnam measured this decline in data of many varieties , Robert_Putnam most striking point was that virtually every traditional civic , social and fraternal organization - typified by bowling leagues - had undergone a massive decline in membership while the number of people bowling increased drastically .
eos But in order to create peaceful societies in a diverse multi - etnic country , one needs to have a second kind of social capital : bridging . Bridging is what you do when you make friends with people who are not like you , like supporters from another football team .
eos 
eos Ruhiyyih_Khanum ( 1910 - 2000 ) , born Mary Maxwell was the wife of Shoghi Effendi , the head of the Bahá ' í Faith from 1921 - 1957 .
eos í Faith from 1921 - 1957 . Ruhiyyih_Khanum was appointed by him as a Hand of the Cause , and Ruhiyyih_Khanum served an important role in the transfer of authority from 1957 - 1963 . In 2004 , CBC viewers voted
eos 
eos Salman_Rushdie ( born Ahmed Salman Rushdie , "" Urdu : أحمد سلمان رشدی "" , on june 19 , 1947 , in Bombay , India ) is a British - Indian essayist and author of fiction , most of which is set on the Indian subcontinent .
eos Salman_Rushdie ( born Ahmed Salman Rushdie , "" Urdu : أحمد سلمان رشدی "" , on june 19 , 1947 , in Bombay , India ) is a British - Indian essayist and author of fiction , most of which is set on the Indian subcontinent . Salman_Rushdie narrative style , blending the supernatural with more realistic settings , has been described as magic realism .
eos Salman_Rushdie narrative style , blending the supernatural with more realistic settings , has been described as magic realism . Salman_Rushdie Magnum opus , Midnight 's Children , was in 1993 declared the ` ` Booker of Bookers '' .
eos Salman_Rushdie narrative style , blending the supernatural with more realistic settings , has been described as magic realism . Salman_Rushdie Magnum opus , Midnight 's Children , was in 1993 declared the ` ` Booker of Bookers '' . Salman_Rushdie is best known for the violent criticism
eos Salman_Rushdie is best known for the violent criticism Salman_Rushdie book The Satanic Verses ( 1988 ) provoked in the Muslim community . After death threats and a fatwa by Ruhollah Khomeini , calling for
eos Salman_Rushdie is best known for the violent criticism Salman_Rushdie book The Satanic Verses ( 1988 ) provoked in the Muslim community . After death threats and a fatwa by Ruhollah Khomeini , calling for Salman_Rushdie assassination ,
eos The Satanic Verses ( 1988 ) provoked in the Muslim community . After death threats and a fatwa by Ruhollah Khomeini , calling for Salman_Rushdie assassination , Salman_Rushdie spent years underground , appearing in public only sporadically . Between 2004 and 2006
eos 
eos 
eos Samuel_P._Huntington ( born april 18 , 1927 ) is a political scientist known for
eos Samuel_P._Huntington ( born april 18 , 1927 ) is a political scientist known for Samuel_P._Huntington analysis of the relationship between the military and the civil government ,
eos Samuel_P._Huntington ( born april 18 , 1927 ) is a political scientist known for Samuel_P._Huntington analysis of the relationship between the military and the civil government , Samuel_P._Huntington investigation of coups d'etat , and
eos Samuel_P._Huntington ( born april 18 , 1927 ) is a political scientist known for Samuel_P._Huntington analysis of the relationship between the military and the civil government , Samuel_P._Huntington investigation of coups d'etat , and Samuel_P._Huntington thesis that the central political actors of the 21st century will be civilizations rather than nation - states . More recently ,
eos Samuel_P._Huntington ( born april 18 , 1927 ) is a political scientist known for Samuel_P._Huntington analysis of the relationship between the military and the civil government , Samuel_P._Huntington investigation of coups d'etat , and Samuel_P._Huntington thesis that the central political actors of the 21st century will be civilizations rather than nation - states . More recently , Samuel_P._Huntington garnered widespread attention for
eos Samuel_P._Huntington ( born april 18 , 1927 ) is a political scientist known for Samuel_P._Huntington analysis of the relationship between the military and the civil government , Samuel_P._Huntington investigation of coups d'etat , and Samuel_P._Huntington thesis that the central political actors of the 21st century will be civilizations rather than nation - states . More recently , Samuel_P._Huntington garnered widespread attention for Samuel_P._Huntington analysis of threats posed to the United States by modern - day immigration .
eos More recently , Samuel_P._Huntington garnered widespread attention for Samuel_P._Huntington analysis of threats posed to the United States by modern - day immigration . Samuel_P._Huntington is a professor at Harvard University .
eos 
eos 
eos Sandra_Schmirler SOM ( july 11 , 1963-march 3 , 2000 ) was a Canadian curler , an Olympic and triple World Champion . Born in Biggar , Saskatchewan ,
eos Sandra_Schmirler SOM ( july 11 , 1963-march 3 , 2000 ) was a Canadian curler , an Olympic and triple World Champion . Born in Biggar , Saskatchewan , Sandra_Schmirler learned curling at high school .
eos Sandra_Schmirler SOM ( july 11 , 1963-march 3 , 2000 ) was a Canadian curler , an Olympic and triple World Champion . Born in Biggar , Saskatchewan , Sandra_Schmirler learned curling at high school . Sandra_Schmirler first major successes in the sport came in 1991 , when
eos Sandra_Schmirler SOM ( july 11 , 1963-march 3 , 2000 ) was a Canadian curler , an Olympic and triple World Champion . Born in Biggar , Saskatchewan , Sandra_Schmirler learned curling at high school . Sandra_Schmirler first major successes in the sport came in 1991 , when Sandra_Schmirler won the provincial championships as the skip ( captain ) of
eos Born in Biggar , Saskatchewan , Sandra_Schmirler learned curling at high school . Sandra_Schmirler first major successes in the sport came in 1991 , when Sandra_Schmirler won the provincial championships as the skip ( captain ) of Sandra_Schmirler team . Only two years later , in 1993 ,
eos Sandra_Schmirler first major successes in the sport came in 1991 , when Sandra_Schmirler won the provincial championships as the skip ( captain ) of Sandra_Schmirler team . Only two years later , in 1993 , Sandra_Schmirler Regina - based team also won the Canadian Championships , and were sent out to the World Championships , which they won . At this time , Sandra_Schmirler name was Sandra Peterson from Sandra_Schmirler first marriage ; while Sandra_Schmirler remarried ,
eos Sandra_Schmirler first major successes in the sport came in 1991 , when Sandra_Schmirler won the provincial championships as the skip ( captain ) of Sandra_Schmirler team . Only two years later , in 1993 , Sandra_Schmirler Regina - based team also won the Canadian Championships , and were sent out to the World Championships , which they won . At this time , Sandra_Schmirler name was Sandra Peterson from Sandra_Schmirler first marriage ; while Sandra_Schmirler remarried , Sandra_Schmirler would revert to
eos Sandra_Schmirler first major successes in the sport came in 1991 , when Sandra_Schmirler won the provincial championships as the skip ( captain ) of Sandra_Schmirler team . Only two years later , in 1993 , Sandra_Schmirler Regina - based team also won the Canadian Championships , and were sent out to the World Championships , which they won . At this time ,
eos Sandra_Schmirler first major successes in the sport came in 1991 , when Sandra_Schmirler won the provincial championships as the skip ( captain ) of Sandra_Schmirler team . Only two years later , in 1993 , Sandra_Schmirler Regina - based team also won the Canadian Championships , and were sent out to the World Championships , which they won . At this time , Sandra_Schmirler name was Sandra Peterson from
eos Sandra_Schmirler first major successes in the sport came in 1991 , when Sandra_Schmirler won the provincial championships as the skip ( captain ) of Sandra_Schmirler team . Only two years later , in 1993 , Sandra_Schmirler Regina - based team also won the Canadian Championships , and were sent out to the World Championships , which they won . At this time , Sandra_Schmirler name was Sandra Peterson from Sandra_Schmirler first marriage ; while
eos Only two years later , in 1993 , Sandra_Schmirler Regina - based team also won the Canadian Championships , and were sent out to the World Championships , which they won . At this time , Sandra_Schmirler name was Sandra Peterson from Sandra_Schmirler first marriage ; while Sandra_Schmirler remarried , Sandra_Schmirler would revert to Sandra_Schmirler maiden name .
eos At this time , Sandra_Schmirler name was Sandra Peterson from Sandra_Schmirler first marriage ; while Sandra_Schmirler remarried , Sandra_Schmirler would revert to Sandra_Schmirler maiden name . Sandra_Schmirler rink repeated those performances in 1994 and 1997 . At the 1998 Winter Olympics ,
eos Sandra_Schmirler rink repeated those performances in 1994 and 1997 . At the 1998 Winter Olympics , Sandra_Schmirler sailed through the round - robin competition with relative ease , and in the semi - final Sandra_Schmirler faced the all - Scottish Great Britain rink , which was skipped by Kirsty Hay but also included a future world championship - winning skip for Scotland , Jackie Lockhart . The game surprisingly went to an extra end , and a major upset appeared to be on the cards when
eos Sandra_Schmirler rink repeated those performances in 1994 and 1997 . At the 1998 Winter Olympics , Sandra_Schmirler sailed through the round - robin competition with relative ease , and in the semi - final Sandra_Schmirler faced the all - Scottish Great Britain rink , which was skipped by Kirsty Hay but also included a future world championship - winning skip for Scotland , Jackie Lockhart . The game surprisingly went to an extra end , and a major upset appeared to be on the cards when Sandra_Schmirler shouted out ` ` oh no ! '' , fearing
eos At the 1998 Winter Olympics , Sandra_Schmirler sailed through the round - robin competition with relative ease , and in the semi - final Sandra_Schmirler faced the all - Scottish Great Britain rink , which was skipped by Kirsty Hay but also included a future world championship - winning skip for Scotland , Jackie Lockhart . The game surprisingly went to an extra end , and a major upset appeared to be on the cards when Sandra_Schmirler shouted out ` ` oh no ! '' , fearing Sandra_Schmirler last stone was too heavy . However , it slowed up in the nick of time , and
eos The game surprisingly went to an extra end , and a major upset appeared to be on the cards when Sandra_Schmirler shouted out ` ` oh no ! '' , fearing Sandra_Schmirler last stone was too heavy . However , it slowed up in the nick of time , and Sandra_Schmirler team progressed to the final , where they faced the Danish rink skipped by Helena Blach Lavrsen , surprise conquerors of the formidable Swedish team .
eos However , it slowed up in the nick of time , and Sandra_Schmirler team progressed to the final , where they faced the Danish rink skipped by Helena Blach Lavrsen , surprise conquerors of the formidable Swedish team . Sandra_Schmirler spearheaded a deserved 7 - 5 victory , and Sandra_Schmirler secured the gold medal for Canada . The year after
eos However , it slowed up in the nick of time , and Sandra_Schmirler team progressed to the final , where they faced the Danish rink skipped by Helena Blach Lavrsen , surprise conquerors of the formidable Swedish team . Sandra_Schmirler spearheaded a deserved 7 - 5 victory , and Sandra_Schmirler secured the gold medal for Canada . The year after Sandra_Schmirler Olympic triumph ,
eos However , it slowed up in the nick of time , and Sandra_Schmirler team progressed to the final , where they faced the Danish rink skipped by Helena Blach Lavrsen , surprise conquerors of the formidable Swedish team . Sandra_Schmirler spearheaded a deserved 7 - 5 victory , and Sandra_Schmirler secured the gold medal for Canada . The year after Sandra_Schmirler Olympic triumph , Sandra_Schmirler was diagnosed with oesophageal cancer , of which
eos Sandra_Schmirler spearheaded a deserved 7 - 5 victory , and Sandra_Schmirler secured the gold medal for Canada . The year after Sandra_Schmirler Olympic triumph , Sandra_Schmirler was diagnosed with oesophageal cancer , of which Sandra_Schmirler died on the morning of march 3 , 2000 , aged only 36 . In 2000 ,
eos The year after Sandra_Schmirler Olympic triumph , Sandra_Schmirler was diagnosed with oesophageal cancer , of which Sandra_Schmirler died on the morning of march 3 , 2000 , aged only 36 . In 2000 , Sandra_Schmirler was awarded the Saskatchewan Order of Merit .
eos 
eos Santiago_Ramon_y_Cajal ( May 1 1852 - october 17 1934 ) was a Spanish histologist , physician , and Nobel laureate .
eos 
eos Sarah_McLachlan , OC , OBC ( born january 28 , 1968 ) is a Canadian musician , singer and songwriter .
eos Sarah_McLachlan , OC , OBC ( born january 28 , 1968 ) is a Canadian musician , singer and songwriter . Sarah_McLachlan founded Lilith Fair , a tour which showcased female musicians in the late 1990s . Known for the emotional sound of
eos Sarah_McLachlan , OC , OBC ( born january 28 , 1968 ) is a Canadian musician , singer and songwriter . Sarah_McLachlan founded Lilith Fair , a tour which showcased female musicians in the late 1990s . Known for the emotional sound of Sarah_McLachlan ballads , some of
eos Sarah_McLachlan , OC , OBC ( born january 28 , 1968 ) is a Canadian musician , singer and songwriter . Sarah_McLachlan founded Lilith Fair , a tour which showcased female musicians in the late 1990s . Known for the emotional sound of Sarah_McLachlan ballads , some of Sarah_McLachlan popular songs include ` ` Angel '' , ` ` Building a Mystery '' , ` ` Adia '' , ` ` Possession '' , ` ` I Will Remember You '' , ` ` World on Fire '' , and ` ` Into the Fire '' .
eos Sarah_McLachlan , OC , OBC ( born january 28 , 1968 ) is a Canadian musician , singer and songwriter . Sarah_McLachlan founded Lilith Fair , a tour which showcased female musicians in the late 1990s . Known for the emotional sound of Sarah_McLachlan ballads , some of Sarah_McLachlan popular songs include ` ` Angel '' , ` ` Building a Mystery '' , ` ` Adia '' , ` ` Possession '' , ` ` I Will Remember You '' , ` ` World on Fire '' , and ` ` Into the Fire '' . Sarah_McLachlan best - selling album to date is Surfacing , for which
eos 
eos Sari_Nusseibeh ( born in 1949 ) , is a Palestinian professor of philosophy and president of the Al - Quds University in Jerusalem ( Al Quds is the Arabic name for Jerusalem ) .
eos ( Al Quds is the Arabic name for Jerusalem ) . Sari_Nusseibeh was also , until december 2002 , the representative of the Palestinian National Authority in Jerusalem .
eos Sari_Nusseibeh was also , until december 2002 , the representative of the Palestinian National Authority in Jerusalem . Sari_Nusseibeh was born in Sheikh Jarrah , East Jerusalem to the politician Anwar Nusseibeh and Nuzha Al Ghussein , descended from Palestine 's wealthy landed aristocracy and daughter of Palestinian political leader Yaqub al - Ghusayn .
eos Sari_Nusseibeh was born in Sheikh Jarrah , East Jerusalem to the politician Anwar Nusseibeh and Nuzha Al Ghussein , descended from Palestine 's wealthy landed aristocracy and daughter of Palestinian political leader Yaqub al - Ghusayn . Sari_Nusseibeh has a PhD in Philosophy , from Harvard University ( 1978 ) .
eos Sari_Nusseibeh has a PhD in Philosophy , from Harvard University ( 1978 ) . Sari_Nusseibeh and Ami Ayalon are the co - founders of The People 's Voice , an Israeli - Palestinian civil initiative that aims to advance the process of achieving peace between Israel and the Palestinians .
eos Sari_Nusseibeh and Ami Ayalon are the co - founders of The People 's Voice , an Israeli - Palestinian civil initiative that aims to advance the process of achieving peace between Israel and the Palestinians . Sari_Nusseibeh is head and founder of the Palestinian Consultancy Group , co - founder and member of several Palestinian institutions including the Jerusalem Friends of the Sick Society , the Federation of Employees in the Education Sector in the West Bank , the Arab Council for Public Affairs , the Committee Confronting the Iron Fist , and the Jerusalem Arab Council .
eos Sari_Nusseibeh is head and founder of the Palestinian Consultancy Group , co - founder and member of several Palestinian institutions including the Jerusalem Friends of the Sick Society , the Federation of Employees in the Education Sector in the West Bank , the Arab Council for Public Affairs , the Committee Confronting the Iron Fist , and the Jerusalem Arab Council . Sari_Nusseibeh is also on the advisory board of The International Center for Ethics , Justice and Public Life at Brandeis University .
eos 
eos Shania_Twain , OC ( born august 28 , 1965 ) is a Canadian singer and songwriter
eos Shania_Twain , OC ( born august 28 , 1965 ) is a Canadian singer and songwriter Shania_Twain has enjoyed popular success in the country and pop music genres .
eos Shania_Twain , OC ( born august 28 , 1965 ) is a Canadian singer and songwriter Shania_Twain has enjoyed popular success in the country and pop music genres . Shania_Twain third album Come on Over is the biggest - selling album of all time by a female artist , and the seventh biggest selling album in music history , and
eos Shania_Twain , OC ( born august 28 , 1965 ) is a Canadian singer and songwriter Shania_Twain has enjoyed popular success in the country and pop music genres . Shania_Twain third album Come on Over is the biggest - selling album of all time by a female artist , and the seventh biggest selling album in music history , and Shania_Twain is the only female artist to have three albums certified Diamond by the RIAA .
eos Shania_Twain third album Come on Over is the biggest - selling album of all time by a female artist , and the seventh biggest selling album in music history , and Shania_Twain is the only female artist to have three albums certified Diamond by the RIAA . Shania_Twain is also the recipient of numerous awards , including five Grammy awards and nearly forty BMI Songwriter awards .
eos Shania_Twain is also the recipient of numerous awards , including five Grammy awards and nearly forty BMI Songwriter awards . Shania_Twain is married to legendary Rock producer Mutt Lange , and they have a son , Eja . Currently ,
eos Shania_Twain is also the recipient of numerous awards , including five Grammy awards and nearly forty BMI Songwriter awards . Shania_Twain is married to legendary Rock producer Mutt Lange , and they have a son , Eja . Currently , Shania_Twain and
eos 
eos Shintaro_Ishihara ( 石原 慎太郎 , Ishihara Shintarō ) , born september 30 , 1932 is the governor of Tokyo , Japan , and one of Japan 's most widely known nationalist and populist politicians . Before entering politics ,
eos 
eos Shirin_Ebadi ( "" Persian : شیرین عبادی "" ; born 21 june 1947 ) is an Iranian lawyer , human rights activist and founder of the Association for Support of Children 's Rights in Iran . On december 10 , 2003 ,
eos Shirin_Ebadi ( "" Persian : شیرین عبادی "" ; born 21 june 1947 ) is an Iranian lawyer , human rights activist and founder of the Association for Support of Children 's Rights in Iran . On december 10 , 2003 , Shirin_Ebadi was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for
eos Shirin_Ebadi ( "" Persian : شیرین عبادی "" ; born 21 june 1947 ) is an Iranian lawyer , human rights activist and founder of the Association for Support of Children 's Rights in Iran . On december 10 , 2003 , Shirin_Ebadi was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for Shirin_Ebadi significant and pioneering efforts for democracy and human rights , especially for the rights of women and children .
eos 
eos Sigmund_Freud ( May 6 , 1856 - september 23 , 1939 ; IPA pronunciation : IPA : ˈziːkmʊnt ˈfrɔʏt ) was an Austrian neurologist and the founder of the psychoanalytic school of psychology .
eos Sigmund_Freud ( May 6 , 1856 - september 23 , 1939 ; IPA pronunciation : IPA : ˈziːkmʊnt ˈfrɔʏt ) was an Austrian neurologist and the founder of the psychoanalytic school of psychology . Sigmund_Freud is best known for
eos Sigmund_Freud ( May 6 , 1856 - september 23 , 1939 ; IPA pronunciation : IPA : ˈziːkmʊnt ˈfrɔʏt ) was an Austrian neurologist and the founder of the psychoanalytic school of psychology . Sigmund_Freud is best known for Sigmund_Freud theories of the unconscious mind , especially involving the mechanism of repression ;
eos Sigmund_Freud ( May 6 , 1856 - september 23 , 1939 ; IPA pronunciation : IPA : ˈziːkmʊnt ˈfrɔʏt ) was an Austrian neurologist and the founder of the psychoanalytic school of psychology . Sigmund_Freud is best known for Sigmund_Freud theories of the unconscious mind , especially involving the mechanism of repression ; Sigmund_Freud redefinition of sexual desire as mobile and directed towards a wide variety of objects ; and
eos Sigmund_Freud ( May 6 , 1856 - september 23 , 1939 ; IPA pronunciation : IPA : ˈziːkmʊnt ˈfrɔʏt ) was an Austrian neurologist and the founder of the psychoanalytic school of psychology . Sigmund_Freud is best known for Sigmund_Freud theories of the unconscious mind , especially involving the mechanism of repression ; Sigmund_Freud redefinition of sexual desire as mobile and directed towards a wide variety of objects ; and Sigmund_Freud therapeutic technique , especially
eos Sigmund_Freud is best known for Sigmund_Freud theories of the unconscious mind , especially involving the mechanism of repression ; Sigmund_Freud redefinition of sexual desire as mobile and directed towards a wide variety of objects ; and Sigmund_Freud therapeutic technique , especially Sigmund_Freud understanding of transference in the therapeutic relationship and the presumed value of dreams as sources of insight into unconscious desires . The name Freud is generally pronounced IPA : fɹɔɪd in English and IPA : frɔʏt in German .
eos Sigmund_Freud is best known for Sigmund_Freud theories of the unconscious mind , especially involving the mechanism of repression ; Sigmund_Freud redefinition of sexual desire as mobile and directed towards a wide variety of objects ; and Sigmund_Freud therapeutic technique , especially Sigmund_Freud understanding of transference in the therapeutic relationship and the presumed value of dreams as sources of insight into unconscious desires . The name Freud is generally pronounced IPA : fɹɔɪd in English and IPA : frɔʏt in German . Sigmund_Freud is commonly referred to as ` ` the father of psychoanalysis '' and
eos 
eos Socrates ( Greek : Σωκράτης , invariably anglicized as "" IPA : "" sɔkɹətiːz "" "" , Sǒcratēs ; 470 - 399 BC ) was an ancient Greek philosopher
eos ( Greek : Σωκράτης , invariably anglicized as "" IPA : "" sɔkɹətiːz "" "" , Sǒcratēs ; 470 - 399 BC ) was an ancient Greek philosopher Socrates is widely credited for laying the foundation for Western philosophy .
eos ( Greek : Σωκράτης , invariably anglicized as "" IPA : "" sɔkɹətiːz "" "" , Sǒcratēs ; 470 - 399 BC ) was an ancient Greek philosopher Socrates is widely credited for laying the foundation for Western philosophy . Socrates was born and lived in Athens , where
eos ( Greek : Σωκράτης , invariably anglicized as "" IPA : "" sɔkɹətiːz "" "" , Sǒcratēs ; 470 - 399 BC ) was an ancient Greek philosopher Socrates is widely credited for laying the foundation for Western philosophy . Socrates was born and lived in Athens , where Socrates spent most of
eos Σωκράτης , invariably anglicized as "" IPA : "" sɔkɹətiːz "" "" , Sǒcratēs ; 470 - 399 BC ) was an ancient Greek philosopher Socrates is widely credited for laying the foundation for Western philosophy . Socrates was born and lived in Athens , where Socrates spent most of Socrates time in enthusiastic pursuit of wisdom ( philosophy ) .
eos Σωκράτης , invariably anglicized as "" IPA : "" sɔkɹətiːz "" "" , Sǒcratēs ; 470 - 399 BC ) was an ancient Greek philosopher Socrates is widely credited for laying the foundation for Western philosophy . Socrates was born and lived in Athens , where Socrates spent most of Socrates time in enthusiastic pursuit of wisdom ( philosophy ) . Socrates ` ` followed the argument '' in
eos Socrates was born and lived in Athens , where Socrates spent most of Socrates time in enthusiastic pursuit of wisdom ( philosophy ) . Socrates ` ` followed the argument '' in Socrates personal reflection , and in a sustained and rigorous dialogue between friends , followers , and contemporary itinerant teachers of wisdom . Later in
eos Socrates was born and lived in Athens , where Socrates spent most of Socrates time in enthusiastic pursuit of wisdom ( philosophy ) . Socrates ` ` followed the argument '' in Socrates personal reflection , and in a sustained and rigorous dialogue between friends , followers , and contemporary itinerant teachers of wisdom . Later in Socrates life
eos Socrates ` ` followed the argument '' in Socrates personal reflection , and in a sustained and rigorous dialogue between friends , followers , and contemporary itinerant teachers of wisdom . Later in Socrates life Socrates became known as the wisest man in all of Greece . Opinions about
eos Later in Socrates life Socrates became known as the wisest man in all of Greece . Opinions about Socrates were widely polarized , drawing very high praise or very severe ridicule .
eos Opinions about Socrates were widely polarized , drawing very high praise or very severe ridicule . Socrates had many devoted followers ( such as Plato ) , and many angry detractors . As an old man ,
eos Opinions about Socrates were widely polarized , drawing very high praise or very severe ridicule . Socrates had many devoted followers ( such as Plato ) , and many angry detractors . As an old man , Socrates fell into grave disrepute with the Athenian state powers , and Socrates was commanded to stop
eos Opinions about Socrates were widely polarized , drawing very high praise or very severe ridicule . Socrates had many devoted followers ( such as Plato ) , and many angry detractors . As an old man , Socrates fell into grave disrepute with the Athenian state powers , and Socrates was commanded to stop Socrates public disputes , and
eos Socrates had many devoted followers ( such as Plato ) , and many angry detractors . As an old man , Socrates fell into grave disrepute with the Athenian state powers , and Socrates was commanded to stop Socrates public disputes , and Socrates associations with young aristocrats .
eos As an old man , Socrates fell into grave disrepute with the Athenian state powers , and Socrates was commanded to stop Socrates public disputes , and Socrates associations with young aristocrats . Socrates carried on as usual . Finally ,
eos Socrates carried on as usual . Finally , Socrates was arrested and accused of corrupting the youth , inventing new deities ( heresy ) , and disbelieving in the divine ( atheism ) . According to traditional accounts ,
eos Finally , Socrates was arrested and accused of corrupting the youth , inventing new deities ( heresy ) , and disbelieving in the divine ( atheism ) . According to traditional accounts , Socrates was sentenced to die by drinking poison . Presented with an opportunity to leave Athens ,
eos Finally , Socrates was arrested and accused of corrupting the youth , inventing new deities ( heresy ) , and disbelieving in the divine ( atheism ) . According to traditional accounts , Socrates was sentenced to die by drinking poison . Presented with an opportunity to leave Athens , Socrates believed it would be more honorable to stay in
eos According to traditional accounts , Socrates was sentenced to die by drinking poison . Presented with an opportunity to leave Athens , Socrates believed it would be more honorable to stay in Socrates home country . Therefore , at the age of 70 ,
eos 
eos Stan_Rogers ( november 29 , 1949 - june 2 , 1983 ) was a Canadian folk musician and songwriter .
eos Stan_Rogers ( november 29 , 1949 - june 2 , 1983 ) was a Canadian folk musician and songwriter . Stan_Rogers was noted for
eos Stan_Rogers ( november 29 , 1949 - june 2 , 1983 ) was a Canadian folk musician and songwriter . Stan_Rogers was noted for Stan_Rogers rich , baritone voice and
eos Stan_Rogers ( november 29 , 1949 - june 2 , 1983 ) was a Canadian folk musician and songwriter . Stan_Rogers was noted for Stan_Rogers rich , baritone voice and Stan_Rogers finely - crafted , traditional - sounding songs which were frequently inspired by Canadian history and the daily lives of working people , especially those from the fishing villages of the Maritime provinces and , later , the farms of the Canadian prairies .
eos Stan_Rogers was noted for Stan_Rogers rich , baritone voice and Stan_Rogers finely - crafted , traditional - sounding songs which were frequently inspired by Canadian history and the daily lives of working people , especially those from the fishing villages of the Maritime provinces and , later , the farms of the Canadian prairies . Stan_Rogers died in an airliner accident on the ground at the Greater Cincinnati Airport at the age of 33 . A larger - than - life figure ,
eos 
eos Стѣфань , Serbian : Стефан Немања ) ( 1113 1117 - 13 february 1199 1200 ) was a Medieval Serb nobleman , descended from the Vukanović
eos a Medieval Serb nobleman , descended from the Vukanović Stefan_Nemanja was Grand Prince ( Serbian : Велики Жупан ) of the medieval Serb state of Rascia ( Рашка ) in 1168 - 1196 .
eos ( Serbian : Велики Жупан ) of the medieval Serb state of Rascia ( Рашка ) in 1168 - 1196 . Stefan_Nemanja established control over the territories of neighboring Serb states , including Zeta / Doclea , and Stefan_Nemanja unified them into a single state .
eos ( Serbian : Велики Жупан ) of the medieval Serb state of Rascia ( Рашка ) in 1168 - 1196 . Stefan_Nemanja established control over the territories of neighboring Serb states , including Zeta / Doclea , and Stefan_Nemanja unified them into a single state . Stefan_Nemanja founded the Nemanjić dynasty and Stefan_Nemanja became an Orthodox Saint ( Symeon ) after numerous miracles following
eos 
eos Stephen_Hawking , CH , CBE , FRS ( born 8 january 1942 ) is a theoretical physicist .
eos Stephen_Hawking , CH , CBE , FRS ( born 8 january 1942 ) is a theoretical physicist . Stephen_Hawking is the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge , and a Fellow of Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge .
eos Stephen_Hawking , CH , CBE , FRS ( born 8 january 1942 ) is a theoretical physicist . Stephen_Hawking is the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge , and a Fellow of Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge . Stephen_Hawking is known for
eos Stephen_Hawking , CH , CBE , FRS ( born 8 january 1942 ) is a theoretical physicist . Stephen_Hawking is the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge , and a Fellow of Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge . Stephen_Hawking is known for Stephen_Hawking significant contributions to the field of quantum physics , particularly
eos Stephen_Hawking , CH , CBE , FRS ( born 8 january 1942 ) is a theoretical physicist . Stephen_Hawking is the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge , and a Fellow of Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge . Stephen_Hawking is known for Stephen_Hawking significant contributions to the field of quantum physics , particularly Stephen_Hawking theories regarding theoretical cosmology , quantum gravity , black holes , and
eos Stephen_Hawking , CH , CBE , FRS ( born 8 january 1942 ) is a theoretical physicist . Stephen_Hawking is the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge , and a Fellow of Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge . Stephen_Hawking is known for Stephen_Hawking significant contributions to the field of quantum physics , particularly Stephen_Hawking theories regarding theoretical cosmology , quantum gravity , black holes , and Stephen_Hawking popular works in which
eos Stephen_Hawking , CH , CBE , FRS ( born 8 january 1942 ) is a theoretical physicist . Stephen_Hawking is the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge , and a Fellow of Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge . Stephen_Hawking is known for Stephen_Hawking significant contributions to the field of quantum physics , particularly Stephen_Hawking theories regarding theoretical cosmology , quantum gravity , black holes , and Stephen_Hawking popular works in which Stephen_Hawking discusses
eos Stephen_Hawking is known for Stephen_Hawking significant contributions to the field of quantum physics , particularly Stephen_Hawking theories regarding theoretical cosmology , quantum gravity , black holes , and Stephen_Hawking popular works in which Stephen_Hawking discusses Stephen_Hawking own theories and cosmology in general . These include the runaway popular science bestseller A Brief History of Time , which stayed on the London Sunday Times bestseller list for a record - breaking 237 weeks . Despite enduring severe disability and , of late , being rendered quadriplegic by motor neuron disease ( specifically , amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or , ` ` Lou Gehrig 's Disease '' ) ,
eos These include the runaway popular science bestseller A Brief History of Time , which stayed on the London Sunday Times bestseller list for a record - breaking 237 weeks . Despite enduring severe disability and , of late , being rendered quadriplegic by motor neuron disease ( specifically , amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or , ` ` Lou Gehrig 's Disease '' ) , Stephen_Hawking has had a successful career for many years , and Stephen_Hawking has achieved status as an academic celebrity .
eos 
eos Steve_Redgrave CBE ( born on 23 march , 1962 , in Marlow , England ) is a British rower
eos Steve_Redgrave CBE ( born on 23 march , 1962 , in Marlow , England ) is a British rower Steve_Redgrave won a gold medal at five consecutive Olympic Games from 1984 to 2000 , as well as an additional bronze medal in 1988 . As the only Briton ever to achieve this feat ,
eos As the only Briton ever to achieve this feat , Steve_Redgrave is widely considered to be Britain 's greatest Olympian . Only four other Olympians achieved the same : Pál Kovács , Aladár Gerevich , Reiner Klimke , and Birgit Fischer , and only one of those in an ` ` endurance '' event .
eos Only four other Olympians achieved the same : Pál Kovács , Aladár Gerevich , Reiner Klimke , and Birgit Fischer , and only one of those in an ` ` endurance '' event . Steve_Redgrave also won a bronze medal with Andy Holmes in the coxed pairs in 1988 .
eos Steve_Redgrave also won a bronze medal with Andy Holmes in the coxed pairs in 1988 . Steve_Redgrave has won nine Rowing World Championship gold medals . Even by rowing standards ,
eos Steve_Redgrave has won nine Rowing World Championship gold medals . Even by rowing standards , Steve_Redgrave is a big , powerful man .
eos Even by rowing standards , Steve_Redgrave is a big , powerful man . Steve_Redgrave stands 6 ft 5 inches , nearly 2 metres . In
eos Even by rowing standards , Steve_Redgrave is a big , powerful man . Steve_Redgrave stands 6 ft 5 inches , nearly 2 metres . In Steve_Redgrave prime ,
eos Steve_Redgrave stands 6 ft 5 inches , nearly 2 metres . In Steve_Redgrave prime , Steve_Redgrave weighed more than 100 kg .
eos In Steve_Redgrave prime , Steve_Redgrave weighed more than 100 kg . Steve_Redgrave rowed very fast times on the indoor rowing machine and Steve_Redgrave once won the World Championship for Indoor Rowing .
eos Steve_Redgrave rowed very fast times on the indoor rowing machine and Steve_Redgrave once won the World Championship for Indoor Rowing . Steve_Redgrave was also a world class single sculler winning the British National Championship numerous times , but not quite a world champion class single sculler .
eos Steve_Redgrave was also a world class single sculler winning the British National Championship numerous times , but not quite a world champion class single sculler . Steve_Redgrave is best remembered , however , for rowing in sweep boats .
eos Steve_Redgrave was also a world class single sculler winning the British National Championship numerous times , but not quite a world champion class single sculler . Steve_Redgrave is best remembered , however , for rowing in sweep boats . Steve_Redgrave excelled in rowing with others , and when teamed with similarly gifted rowers ,
eos Steve_Redgrave is best remembered , however , for rowing in sweep boats . Steve_Redgrave excelled in rowing with others , and when teamed with similarly gifted rowers , Steve_Redgrave results were extraordinary . But what set
eos Steve_Redgrave is best remembered , however , for rowing in sweep boats . Steve_Redgrave excelled in rowing with others , and when teamed with similarly gifted rowers , Steve_Redgrave results were extraordinary . But what set Steve_Redgrave and
eos But what set Steve_Redgrave and Steve_Redgrave compatriots apart from their international brethren was not their dominance , but their consistency . They were exceptionally talented , but so were their competitors .
eos They were exceptionally talented , but so were their competitors . Steve_Redgrave boats did not win their races easily : Most were hard fought and won by small margins . Four of
eos Steve_Redgrave boats did not win their races easily : Most were hard fought and won by small margins . Four of Steve_Redgrave five Olympic victories were by less than 2 seconds . But race after race , year in and year out ,
eos Four of Steve_Redgrave five Olympic victories were by less than 2 seconds . But race after race , year in and year out , Steve_Redgrave could be found at the top of the medal podium .
eos Four of Steve_Redgrave five Olympic victories were by less than 2 seconds . But race after race , year in and year out , Steve_Redgrave could be found at the top of the medal podium . Steve_Redgrave feats in the last four years of
eos Four of Steve_Redgrave five Olympic victories were by less than 2 seconds . But race after race , year in and year out , Steve_Redgrave could be found at the top of the medal podium . Steve_Redgrave feats in the last four years of Steve_Redgrave career are even more outstanding when taking into account that
eos Steve_Redgrave feats in the last four years of Steve_Redgrave career are even more outstanding when taking into account that Steve_Redgrave was suffering from ulcerative colitis and , since 1997 , diabetes . These ailments caused unforeseeable bouts of fatigue when rowing . In addition to
eos Steve_Redgrave feats in the last four years of Steve_Redgrave career are even more outstanding when taking into account that Steve_Redgrave was suffering from ulcerative colitis and , since 1997 , diabetes . These ailments caused unforeseeable bouts of fatigue when rowing . In addition to Steve_Redgrave Olympic medals ,
eos These ailments caused unforeseeable bouts of fatigue when rowing . In addition to Steve_Redgrave Olympic medals , Steve_Redgrave won 10 gold medals , 2 Silvers and a Bronze at the Rowing World Championships .
eos Steve_Redgrave 15 total Olympic and World Championship gold medals is unsurpassed by any other rower in history .
eos Steve_Redgrave was an outstanding competitor at the Henley Royal Regatta , winning at least 13 times . ( Diamond Scull , 1983 , 1985 , Double Sculls Challenge Cup 1981 , 1982 , the Silver Goblets & amp ; Nickalls Cup , 1986 , 1987 , 1989 , 1991 , 1993 , 1994 and 1995 , and the Steward 's Cup 1997 and 1998 ) . In 1989/1990
eos ( Diamond Scull , 1983 , 1985 , Double Sculls Challenge Cup 1981 , 1982 , the Silver Goblets & amp ; Nickalls Cup , 1986 , 1987 , 1989 , 1991 , 1993 , 1994 and 1995 , and the Steward 's Cup 1997 and 1998 ) . In 1989/1990 Steve_Redgrave was a member of the British bobsleigh team . In 2000 ,
eos ( Diamond Scull , 1983 , 1985 , Double Sculls Challenge Cup 1981 , 1982 , the Silver Goblets & amp ; Nickalls Cup , 1986 , 1987 , 1989 , 1991 , 1993 , 1994 and 1995 , and the Steward 's Cup 1997 and 1998 ) . In 1989/1990 Steve_Redgrave was a member of the British bobsleigh team . In 2000 , Steve_Redgrave won
eos In 1989/1990 Steve_Redgrave was a member of the British bobsleigh team . In 2000 , Steve_Redgrave won Steve_Redgrave fifth consecutive Olympic Gold Medal , and Steve_Redgrave retired as one of the greatest rowers of all time and Steve_Redgrave became the BBC Sports Personality of the Year .
eos In 2000 , Steve_Redgrave won Steve_Redgrave fifth consecutive Olympic Gold Medal , and Steve_Redgrave retired as one of the greatest rowers of all time and Steve_Redgrave became the BBC Sports Personality of the Year . Steve_Redgrave made an MBE in 1987 , CBE in 1997 and knighted in 2001 . In 2002 ,
eos Steve_Redgrave made an MBE in 1987 , CBE in 1997 and knighted in 2001 . In 2002 , Steve_Redgrave achievement of winning gold medals at five consecutive Olympic games was voted the greatest sporting moment in Channel 4 's 100 Greatest Sporting Moments . In april 2006
eos Steve_Redgrave made an MBE in 1987 , CBE in 1997 and knighted in 2001 . In 2002 , Steve_Redgrave achievement of winning gold medals at five consecutive Olympic games was voted the greatest sporting moment in Channel 4 's 100 Greatest Sporting Moments . In april 2006 Steve_Redgrave completed
eos In 2002 , Steve_Redgrave achievement of winning gold medals at five consecutive Olympic games was voted the greatest sporting moment in Channel 4 's 100 Greatest Sporting Moments . In april 2006 Steve_Redgrave completed Steve_Redgrave third London Marathon , raising over £ 1,000,000 for charity .
eos 
eos Steven_Pinker ( born september 18 1954 , in Montreal , Canada ) is a prominent American experimental psychologist , cognitive scientist , and popular science writer known for
eos Steven_Pinker ( born september 18 1954 , in Montreal , Canada ) is a prominent American experimental psychologist , cognitive scientist , and popular science writer known for Steven_Pinker spirited and wide - ranging advocacy of evolutionary psychology and the computational theory of mind .
eos Steven_Pinker ( born september 18 1954 , in Montreal , Canada ) is a prominent American experimental psychologist , cognitive scientist , and popular science writer known for Steven_Pinker spirited and wide - ranging advocacy of evolutionary psychology and the computational theory of mind . Steven_Pinker academic specializations are visual cognition and language development in children , and
eos Steven_Pinker ( born september 18 1954 , in Montreal , Canada ) is a prominent American experimental psychologist , cognitive scientist , and popular science writer known for Steven_Pinker spirited and wide - ranging advocacy of evolutionary psychology and the computational theory of mind . Steven_Pinker academic specializations are visual cognition and language development in children , and Steven_Pinker is most famous for popularising the idea that language is an ` ` instinct '' or biological adaptation shaped by natural selection rather than a by - product of general intelligence .
eos 
eos Steven_Weinberg ( born May 3 , 1933 ) is an American physicist .
eos Steven_Weinberg ( born May 3 , 1933 ) is an American physicist . Steven_Weinberg was awarded the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physics ( with colleagues Abdus Salam and Sheldon Glashow ) for combining electromagnetism and the weak force into the electroweak force . More recently ,
eos 
eos 
eos T._E._Lawrence , CB , DSO ( august 16 , 1888 - May 19 , 1935 ) , professionally known as TE Lawrence and , later , TE Shaw , but most famously known as Lawrence of Arabia , gained international renown for
eos T._E._Lawrence , CB , DSO ( august 16 , 1888 - May 19 , 1935 ) , professionally known as TE Lawrence and , later , TE Shaw , but most famously known as Lawrence of Arabia , gained international renown for T._E._Lawrence role as a British liaison officer during the Arab Revolt of 1916 to 1918 .
eos T._E._Lawrence , CB , DSO ( august 16 , 1888 - May 19 , 1935 ) , professionally known as TE Lawrence and , later , TE Shaw , but most famously known as Lawrence of Arabia , gained international renown for T._E._Lawrence role as a British liaison officer during the Arab Revolt of 1916 to 1918 . T._E._Lawrence very public image was in some part the result of US traveller and journalist Lowell Thomas 's sensationalised reportage of the Revolt , as well as
eos 
eos Tariq_Ramadan ( born 26 august 1962 in Geneva , Switzerland ) is a Swiss Muslim academic and theologian .
eos Tariq_Ramadan ( born 26 august 1962 in Geneva , Switzerland ) is a Swiss Muslim academic and theologian . Tariq_Ramadan advocates a reinterpretation of Islamic texts , and Tariq_Ramadan emphasizes the heterogeneous nature of Islamic society .
eos Tariq_Ramadan believes that muslims in Europe have to establish a new ` ` European Islam '' and Tariq_Ramadan emphasizes the necessity for their engagement in European society .
eos 
eos Bstan - ` dzin Rgya - mtsho "" ) ( b. july 6 1935 ) is the fourteenth and current Dalai Lama , and as such , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama is often referred to in Western media simply as the Dalai Lama , without any qualifiers . The fifth of sixteen children of a farming family in the Tibetan province of Amdo ,
eos ( b. july 6 1935 ) is the fourteenth and current Dalai Lama , and as such , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama is often referred to in Western media simply as the Dalai Lama , without any qualifiers . The fifth of sixteen children of a farming family in the Tibetan province of Amdo , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was proclaimed the tulku ( rebirth ) of the thirteenth Dalai Lama at the age of five . On november 17 1950 , at the age of fifteen ,
eos The fifth of sixteen children of a farming family in the Tibetan province of Amdo , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was proclaimed the tulku ( rebirth ) of the thirteenth Dalai Lama at the age of five . On november 17 1950 , at the age of fifteen , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was enthroned as Tibet 's Head of State and most important political ruler , while Tibet faced occupation by the forces of the People 's Republic of China . After the collapse of the Tibetan resistance movement in 1959 ,
eos The fifth of sixteen children of a farming family in the Tibetan province of Amdo , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was proclaimed the tulku ( rebirth ) of the thirteenth Dalai Lama at the age of five . On november 17 1950 , at the age of fifteen , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was enthroned as Tibet 's Head of State and most important political ruler , while Tibet faced occupation by the forces of the People 's Republic of China . After the collapse of the Tibetan resistance movement in 1959 , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama fled to India , where
eos The fifth of sixteen children of a farming family in the Tibetan province of Amdo , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was proclaimed the tulku ( rebirth ) of the thirteenth Dalai Lama at the age of five . On november 17 1950 , at the age of fifteen , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was enthroned as Tibet 's Head of State and most important political ruler , while Tibet faced occupation by the forces of the People 's Republic of China . After the collapse of the Tibetan resistance movement in 1959 , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama fled to India , where Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was active in establishing the Central Tibetan Administration ( the Tibetan government in exile ) and seeking to preserve Tibetan culture and education among the thousands of refugees who accompanied
eos On november 17 1950 , at the age of fifteen , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was enthroned as Tibet 's Head of State and most important political ruler , while Tibet faced occupation by the forces of the People 's Republic of China . After the collapse of the Tibetan resistance movement in 1959 , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama fled to India , where Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was active in establishing the Central Tibetan Administration ( the Tibetan government in exile ) and seeking to preserve Tibetan culture and education among the thousands of refugees who accompanied Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama . A charismatic figure and noted public speaker ,
eos On november 17 1950 , at the age of fifteen , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was enthroned as Tibet 's Head of State and most important political ruler , while Tibet faced occupation by the forces of the People 's Republic of China . After the collapse of the Tibetan resistance movement in 1959 , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama fled to India , where Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was active in establishing the Central Tibetan Administration ( the Tibetan government in exile ) and seeking to preserve Tibetan culture and education among the thousands of refugees who accompanied Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama . A charismatic figure and noted public speaker , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama is the first Dalai Lama to travel to the West , where
eos After the collapse of the Tibetan resistance movement in 1959 , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama fled to India , where Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was active in establishing the Central Tibetan Administration ( the Tibetan government in exile ) and seeking to preserve Tibetan culture and education among the thousands of refugees who accompanied Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama . A charismatic figure and noted public speaker , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama is the first Dalai Lama to travel to the West , where Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama has helped to spread Buddhism and to publicise the ideal of Free Tibet . In 1989 ,
eos 
eos Terry_Fox , CC ( july 28 , 1958 - june 28 , 1981 ) was a Canadian humanitarian , athlete , and cancer treatment activist .
eos Terry_Fox , CC ( july 28 , 1958 - june 28 , 1981 ) was a Canadian humanitarian , athlete , and cancer treatment activist . Terry_Fox became famous for
eos Terry_Fox , CC ( july 28 , 1958 - june 28 , 1981 ) was a Canadian humanitarian , athlete , and cancer treatment activist . Terry_Fox became famous for Terry_Fox Marathon of Hope , a cross - Canada run to raise money for cancer research , running with one prosthetic leg .
eos 
eos Thomas_Edison ( february 11 1847 - october 18 1931 ) was an American inventor and businessman
eos Thomas_Edison ( february 11 1847 - october 18 1931 ) was an American inventor and businessman Thomas_Edison developed many devices which greatly influenced life in the 20th century . Dubbed ` ` The Wizard of Menlo Park '' by a newspaper reporter ,
eos Thomas_Edison ( february 11 1847 - october 18 1931 ) was an American inventor and businessman Thomas_Edison developed many devices which greatly influenced life in the 20th century . Dubbed ` ` The Wizard of Menlo Park '' by a newspaper reporter , Thomas_Edison was one of the first inventors to apply the principles of mass production to the process of invention , and Thomas_Edison can therefore be credited with the creation of the first industrial research laboratory . Some of the inventions attributed to
eos Thomas_Edison ( february 11 1847 - october 18 1931 ) was an American inventor and businessman Thomas_Edison developed many devices which greatly influenced life in the 20th century . Dubbed ` ` The Wizard of Menlo Park '' by a newspaper reporter , Thomas_Edison was one of the first inventors to apply the principles of mass production to the process of invention , and Thomas_Edison can therefore be credited with the creation of the first industrial research laboratory . Some of the inventions attributed to Thomas_Edison were not completely original but amounted to improvements of earlier inventions or were actually created by numerous employees working under
eos Dubbed ` ` The Wizard of Menlo Park '' by a newspaper reporter , Thomas_Edison was one of the first inventors to apply the principles of mass production to the process of invention , and Thomas_Edison can therefore be credited with the creation of the first industrial research laboratory . Some of the inventions attributed to Thomas_Edison were not completely original but amounted to improvements of earlier inventions or were actually created by numerous employees working under Thomas_Edison direction . Nevertheless ,
eos Dubbed ` ` The Wizard of Menlo Park '' by a newspaper reporter , Thomas_Edison was one of the first inventors to apply the principles of mass production to the process of invention , and Thomas_Edison can therefore be credited with the creation of the first industrial research laboratory . Some of the inventions attributed to Thomas_Edison were not completely original but amounted to improvements of earlier inventions or were actually created by numerous employees working under Thomas_Edison direction . Nevertheless , Thomas_Edison is considered one of the most prolific inventors in history , holding 1,097 US patents in
eos 
eos Thomas_More ( 7 february 1478 - 6 july 1535 ) , posthumously known also as Saint Thomas More , was an English lawyer , author , and statesman . During
eos Thomas_More ( 7 february 1478 - 6 july 1535 ) , posthumously known also as Saint Thomas More , was an English lawyer , author , and statesman . During Thomas_More lifetime
eos Thomas_More ( 7 february 1478 - 6 july 1535 ) , posthumously known also as Saint Thomas More , was an English lawyer , author , and statesman . During Thomas_More lifetime Thomas_More earned a reputation as a leading humanist scholar and Thomas_More occupied many public offices , including that of Lord Chancellor from 1529 to 1532 .
eos Thomas_More ( 7 february 1478 - 6 july 1535 ) , posthumously known also as Saint Thomas More , was an English lawyer , author , and statesman . During Thomas_More lifetime Thomas_More earned a reputation as a leading humanist scholar and Thomas_More occupied many public offices , including that of Lord Chancellor from 1529 to 1532 . Thomas_More coined the word ` ` utopia '' , a name
eos Thomas_More ( 7 february 1478 - 6 july 1535 ) , posthumously known also as Saint Thomas More , was an English lawyer , author , and statesman . During Thomas_More lifetime Thomas_More earned a reputation as a leading humanist scholar and Thomas_More occupied many public offices , including that of Lord Chancellor from 1529 to 1532 . Thomas_More coined the word ` ` utopia '' , a name Thomas_More gave to an ideal , imaginary island nation whose political system
eos During Thomas_More lifetime Thomas_More earned a reputation as a leading humanist scholar and Thomas_More occupied many public offices , including that of Lord Chancellor from 1529 to 1532 . Thomas_More coined the word ` ` utopia '' , a name Thomas_More gave to an ideal , imaginary island nation whose political system Thomas_More described in a book published in 1516 . Thomas_More is chiefly remembered for Thomas_More principled refusal to accept King Henry VIII 's claim to be the supreme head of the Church of England , a decision which ended
eos During Thomas_More lifetime Thomas_More earned a reputation as a leading humanist scholar and Thomas_More occupied many public offices , including that of Lord Chancellor from 1529 to 1532 . Thomas_More coined the word ` ` utopia '' , a name Thomas_More gave to an ideal , imaginary island nation whose political system Thomas_More described in a book published in 1516 . Thomas_More is chiefly remembered for Thomas_More principled refusal to accept King Henry VIII 's claim to be the supreme head of the Church of England , a decision which ended Thomas_More political career and led to
eos During Thomas_More lifetime Thomas_More earned a reputation as a leading humanist scholar and Thomas_More occupied many public offices , including that of Lord Chancellor from 1529 to 1532 . Thomas_More coined the word ` ` utopia '' , a name Thomas_More gave to an ideal , imaginary island nation whose political system Thomas_More described in a book published in 1516 .
eos During Thomas_More lifetime Thomas_More earned a reputation as a leading humanist scholar and Thomas_More occupied many public offices , including that of Lord Chancellor from 1529 to 1532 . Thomas_More coined the word ` ` utopia '' , a name Thomas_More gave to an ideal , imaginary island nation whose political system Thomas_More described in a book published in 1516 . Thomas_More is chiefly remembered for
eos Thomas_More coined the word ` ` utopia '' , a name Thomas_More gave to an ideal , imaginary island nation whose political system Thomas_More described in a book published in 1516 . Thomas_More is chiefly remembered for Thomas_More principled refusal to accept King Henry VIII 's claim to be the supreme head of the Church of England , a decision which ended Thomas_More political career and led to Thomas_More execution as a traitor . In 1935 , four hundred years after
eos Thomas_More coined the word ` ` utopia '' , a name Thomas_More gave to an ideal , imaginary island nation whose political system Thomas_More described in a book published in 1516 . Thomas_More is chiefly remembered for Thomas_More principled refusal to accept King Henry VIII 's claim to be the supreme head of the Church of England , a decision which ended Thomas_More political career and led to Thomas_More execution as a traitor . In 1935 , four hundred years after Thomas_More death ,
eos Thomas_More is chiefly remembered for Thomas_More principled refusal to accept King Henry VIII 's claim to be the supreme head of the Church of England , a decision which ended Thomas_More political career and led to Thomas_More execution as a traitor . In 1935 , four hundred years after Thomas_More death , Thomas_More was canonized in the Catholic Church by Pope Pius XI , and Thomas_More was later declared the patron saint of lawyers and statesmen .
eos Thomas_More is chiefly remembered for Thomas_More principled refusal to accept King Henry VIII 's claim to be the supreme head of the Church of England , a decision which ended Thomas_More political career and led to Thomas_More execution as a traitor . In 1935 , four hundred years after Thomas_More death , Thomas_More was canonized in the Catholic Church by Pope Pius XI , and Thomas_More was later declared the patron saint of lawyers and statesmen . Thomas_More shares
eos In 1935 , four hundred years after Thomas_More death , Thomas_More was canonized in the Catholic Church by Pope Pius XI , and Thomas_More was later declared the patron saint of lawyers and statesmen . Thomas_More shares Thomas_More feast day , june 22 on the Catholic calendar of saints , with Saint John Fisher , the only Bishop during the English reformation to maintain his allegiance to the Pope .
eos 
eos Thomas_Sowell ( born 30 june , 1930 ) , is an American economist , political writer , and commentator , generally from a socially conservative and economically laissez faire perspective .
eos faire perspective . Thomas_Sowell is presently a senior fellow at Stanford University 's Hoover Institution . In 1990 ,
eos Thomas_Sowell is presently a senior fellow at Stanford University 's Hoover Institution . In 1990 , Thomas_Sowell won the Francis Boyer Award , presented by the American Enterprise Institute . In 2002
eos 
eos Tim_Berners-Lee , KBE ( born june 8 , 1955 in London , England ) is the inventor of the World Wide Web and director of the World Wide Web Consortium , which oversees its continued development . Informally , in technical circles ,
eos 
eos Tim_Horton ( january 12 , 1930 in Cochrane , Ontario , Canada - february 21 1974 in St. Catharines , Ontario , Canada ) was a Canadian professional hockey defenceman from Cochrane , Ontario .
eos Tim_Horton ( january 12 , 1930 in Cochrane , Ontario , Canada - february 21 1974 in St. Catharines , Ontario , Canada ) was a Canadian professional hockey defenceman from Cochrane , Ontario . Tim_Horton played 24 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs , New York Rangers , Pittsburgh Penguins and Buffalo Sabres .
eos Tim_Horton played 24 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs , New York Rangers , Pittsburgh Penguins and Buffalo Sabres . Tim_Horton was also a businessman and the founder of Tim Hortons , Canada 's largest coffee and doughnut store chain before dying in a car accident in St. Catharines , Ontario .
eos 
eos Tom_of_Finland ( May 8 , 1920 - november 7 , 1991 ) ( born Touko Laaksonen in Kaarina , Finland ) was a fetish artist notable for
eos Tom_of_Finland ( May 8 , 1920 - november 7 , 1991 ) ( born Touko Laaksonen in Kaarina , Finland ) was a fetish artist notable for Tom_of_Finland stylized homoerotic art and
eos 
eos Tony_Benn ( born april 3 , 1925 ) , known as Tony Benn , formerly 2nd Viscount Stansgate , is a British politician on the left of the Labour Party .
eos Tony_Benn ( born april 3 , 1925 ) , known as Tony Benn , formerly 2nd Viscount Stansgate , is a British politician on the left of the Labour Party . Tony_Benn was instrumental in the creation of the Peerage Act 1963 . The term ` ` Bennite '' , generally understood to mean a radical left - wing position of corporatist but compassionate socialism , was derived from
eos Tony_Benn was instrumental in the creation of the Peerage Act 1963 . The term ` ` Bennite '' , generally understood to mean a radical left - wing position of corporatist but compassionate socialism , was derived from Tony_Benn name .
eos 
eos Tony_Blair ( born 6 May 1953 ) is the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , First Lord of the Treasury , Minister for the Civil Service , Leader of the UK Labour Party , and Member of the UK Parliament for the constituency of Sedgefield in North East England . As a member of the Cabinet of the United Kingdom
eos As a member of the Cabinet of the United Kingdom Tony_Blair is also a Privy Counsellor . As First Lord of the Treasury ,
eos Tony_Blair is also a Privy Counsellor . As First Lord of the Treasury , Tony_Blair official residence is 10 Downing Street in London , UK .
eos Tony_Blair is also a Privy Counsellor . As First Lord of the Treasury , Tony_Blair official residence is 10 Downing Street in London , UK . Tony_Blair became leader of the British Labour Party in july 1994 following the sudden death of
eos As First Lord of the Treasury , Tony_Blair official residence is 10 Downing Street in London , UK . Tony_Blair became leader of the British Labour Party in july 1994 following the sudden death of Tony_Blair predecessor , John Smith . Under
eos Tony_Blair became leader of the British Labour Party in july 1994 following the sudden death of Tony_Blair predecessor , John Smith . Under Tony_Blair leadership , the party won a landslide victory in the May 1997 general election , ending 18 years of government by the UK 's centre - right Conservative Party .
eos Under Tony_Blair leadership , the party won a landslide victory in the May 1997 general election , ending 18 years of government by the UK 's centre - right Conservative Party . Tony_Blair is the Labour Party 's longest - serving Prime Minister , the only person to have led the party to three consecutive general election victories and the only Labour prime minister to serve more than one full consecutive term . Together with Gordon Brown and Peter Mandelson ,
eos Under Tony_Blair leadership , the party won a landslide victory in the May 1997 general election , ending 18 years of government by the UK 's centre - right Conservative Party . Tony_Blair is the Labour Party 's longest - serving Prime Minister , the only person to have led the party to three consecutive general election victories and the only Labour prime minister to serve more than one full consecutive term . Together with Gordon Brown and Peter Mandelson , Tony_Blair is both credited and criticised for moving the Labour Party towards the centre of British politics , using the term ` ` New Labour '' to distinguish
eos Tony_Blair is the Labour Party 's longest - serving Prime Minister , the only person to have led the party to three consecutive general election victories and the only Labour prime minister to serve more than one full consecutive term . Together with Gordon Brown and Peter Mandelson , Tony_Blair is both credited and criticised for moving the Labour Party towards the centre of British politics , using the term ` ` New Labour '' to distinguish Tony_Blair pro - market policies from the more collectivist policies which the party had espoused in the past .
eos Tony_Blair is the Labour Party 's longest - serving Prime Minister , the only person to have led the party to three consecutive general election victories and the only Labour prime minister to serve more than one full consecutive term . Together with Gordon Brown and Peter Mandelson , Tony_Blair is both credited and criticised for moving the Labour Party towards the centre of British politics , using the term ` ` New Labour '' to distinguish Tony_Blair pro - market policies from the more collectivist policies which the party had espoused in the past . Tony_Blair has described
eos Together with Gordon Brown and Peter Mandelson , Tony_Blair is both credited and criticised for moving the Labour Party towards the centre of British politics , using the term ` ` New Labour '' to distinguish Tony_Blair pro - market policies from the more collectivist policies which the party had espoused in the past . Tony_Blair has described Tony_Blair political philosophy as ` ` modern social democracy '' and ` ` the third way '' . In domestic government policy ,
eos Tony_Blair has described Tony_Blair political philosophy as ` ` modern social democracy '' and ` ` the third way '' . In domestic government policy , Tony_Blair with Brown , has significantly increased public spending on health and education and made controversial structural reforms in these areas .
eos In domestic government policy , Tony_Blair with Brown , has significantly increased public spending on health and education and made controversial structural reforms in these areas . Tony_Blair tenure has also seen the introduction of the minimum wage , constitutional reform such as devolution in Scotland and Wales , and progress in the Northern Ireland peace process . Since the advent of the War on Terror in 2001 , a significant part of
eos Tony_Blair tenure has also seen the introduction of the minimum wage , constitutional reform such as devolution in Scotland and Wales , and progress in the Northern Ireland peace process . Since the advent of the War on Terror in 2001 , a significant part of Tony_Blair political agenda has been dominated by foreign affairs .
eos Since the advent of the War on Terror in 2001 , a significant part of Tony_Blair political agenda has been dominated by foreign affairs . Tony_Blair has strongly supported a number of aspects of US foreign policy , notably by participating in the invasions of Afghanistan in 2001 and Iraq in 2003 .
eos Since the advent of the War on Terror in 2001 , a significant part of Tony_Blair political agenda has been dominated by foreign affairs . Tony_Blair has strongly supported a number of aspects of US foreign policy , notably by participating in the invasions of Afghanistan in 2001 and Iraq in 2003 . Tony_Blair has encountered fierce criticism as a result , and the circumstances in which
eos Since the advent of the War on Terror in 2001 , a significant part of Tony_Blair political agenda has been dominated by foreign affairs . Tony_Blair has strongly supported a number of aspects of US foreign policy , notably by participating in the invasions of Afghanistan in 2001 and Iraq in 2003 . Tony_Blair has encountered fierce criticism as a result , and the circumstances in which Tony_Blair took Britain to war in Iraq have caused many opponents of the war to perceive
eos Tony_Blair has encountered fierce criticism as a result , and the circumstances in which Tony_Blair took Britain to war in Iraq have caused many opponents of the war to perceive Tony_Blair as dishonest . On 7 september 2006
eos Tony_Blair has encountered fierce criticism as a result , and the circumstances in which Tony_Blair took Britain to war in Iraq have caused many opponents of the war to perceive Tony_Blair as dishonest . On 7 september 2006 Tony_Blair publicly stated
eos Tony_Blair has encountered fierce criticism as a result , and the circumstances in which Tony_Blair took Britain to war in Iraq have caused many opponents of the war to perceive Tony_Blair as dishonest . On 7 september 2006 Tony_Blair publicly stated Tony_Blair would step down as party leader by the time of the september 2007 Trades Union Congress , but Tony_Blair has not yet stated a precise date for
eos 
eos ( in Arabic , عمر بن الخطاب ) ( c. 581 - november 3 , 644 ) , sometimes referred by Sunni Muslims as ` Umar al - Farūq ( Umar the Distinguisher ( between Truth and Falsehood ) ) , also known in English as Omar or Umar , was from the Banu Adi clan of the Quraysh tribe .
eos 
eos Umberto_Eco ( born january 5 , 1932 ) is an Italian medievalist , semiotician , philosopher and novelist , best known for
eos Umberto_Eco ( born january 5 , 1932 ) is an Italian medievalist , semiotician , philosopher and novelist , best known for Umberto_Eco novel The Name of the Rose ( Il nome della rosa ) and
eos 
eos 
eos Vasil_Levski ( Bulgarian : Васил Левски , also transliterated as Vassil Levski ) , born Vasil Ivanov Kunchev ( Васил Иванов Кунчев ) was a Bulgarian revolutionary , ideologist , strategist and theoretician of the Bulgarian national revolution and leader of the struggle for liberation from Ottoman rule . Due to
eos Vasil_Levski ( Bulgarian : Васил Левски , also transliterated as Vassil Levski ) , born Vasil Ivanov Kunchev ( Васил Иванов Кунчев ) was a Bulgarian revolutionary , ideologist , strategist and theoretician of the Bulgarian national revolution and leader of the struggle for liberation from Ottoman rule . Due to Vasil_Levski major significance to the liberation of Bulgaria ,
eos ( Bulgarian : Васил Левски , also transliterated as Vassil Levski ) , born Vasil Ivanov Kunchev ( Васил Иванов Кунчев ) was a Bulgarian revolutionary , ideologist , strategist and theoretician of the Bulgarian national revolution and leader of the struggle for liberation from Ottoman rule . Due to Vasil_Levski major significance to the liberation of Bulgaria , Vasil_Levski is hailed as a national hero and often referred to as ` ` The Apostle of Freedom '' by the Bulgarian people .
eos 
eos Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom ( Alexandrina Victoria ; 24 May 1819 - 22 january 1901 ) was the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 20 june 1837 , and the first Empress of India from 1 january 1877 , until
eos Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom ( Alexandrina Victoria ; 24 May 1819 - 22 january 1901 ) was the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 20 june 1837 , and the first Empress of India from 1 january 1877 , until Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom death in 1901 .
eos Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom ( Alexandrina Victoria ; 24 May 1819 - 22 january 1901 ) was the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 20 june 1837 , and the first Empress of India from 1 january 1877 , until Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom death in 1901 . Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom reign lasted more than sixty - three years , longer than that of any other British monarch .
eos The Victorian Era was at the height of the Industrial Revolution , a period of significant social , economic , and technological change in the United Kingdom . In that period the British Empire reached its zenith and became the formidable global power of the time .
eos The Victorian Era was at the height of the Industrial Revolution , a period of significant social , economic , and technological change in the United Kingdom . In that period the British Empire reached its zenith and became the formidable global power of the time . Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom ,
eos The Victorian Era was at the height of the Industrial Revolution , a period of significant social , economic , and technological change in the United Kingdom . In that period the British Empire reached its zenith and became the formidable global power of the time . Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom , Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom was almost entirely of German descent ( except from
eos The Victorian Era was at the height of the Industrial Revolution , a period of significant social , economic , and technological change in the United Kingdom . In that period the British Empire reached its zenith and became the formidable global power of the time . Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom , Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom was almost entirely of German descent ( except from Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom ancestor Sophia of Hanover who was a female - line granddaughter of James I ) , was the last monarch of the House of Hanover ;
eos 
eos 
eos Walter_Raleigh ( 1552 or 1554 - 29 october , 1618 ) is a famed English writer , poet , courtier and explorer .
eos 
eos Werner_Heisenberg ( december 5 , 1901 - february 1 , 1976 ) was a celebrated German physicist and Nobel laureate , one of the founders of quantum mechanics , and acknowledged to be one of the most important physicists of the twentieth century .
eos Werner_Heisenberg ( december 5 , 1901 - february 1 , 1976 ) was a celebrated German physicist and Nobel laureate , one of the founders of quantum mechanics , and acknowledged to be one of the most important physicists of the twentieth century . Werner_Heisenberg was born in Würzburg , Germany and Werner_Heisenberg died in Munich .
eos Werner_Heisenberg ( december 5 , 1901 - february 1 , 1976 ) was a celebrated German physicist and Nobel laureate , one of the founders of quantum mechanics , and acknowledged to be one of the most important physicists of the twentieth century . Werner_Heisenberg was born in Würzburg , Germany and Werner_Heisenberg died in Munich . Werner_Heisenberg was the head of Germany 's nuclear energy program , though the nature of this project , and
eos Werner_Heisenberg was born in Würzburg , Germany and Werner_Heisenberg died in Munich . Werner_Heisenberg was the head of Germany 's nuclear energy program , though the nature of this project , and Werner_Heisenberg work in this capacity , has been heavily debated .
eos Werner_Heisenberg is most well - known for discovering one of the central principles of modern physics , the Heisenberg uncertainty principle . In his book The 100 , Michael H Hart ranks
eos 
eos Wilfrid_Laurier , PC , GCMG , KC , BCL , DCL , LLD , DLitt , baptized Henri - Charles - Wilfrid Laurier ( november 20 , 1841 - february 17 , 1919 ) was the seventh Prime Minister of Canada from july 11 , 1896 , to october 7 , 1911 . The second child of Carolus Laurier and Marcelle Martineau ,
eos Wilfrid_Laurier , PC , GCMG , KC , BCL , DCL , LLD , DLitt , baptized Henri - Charles - Wilfrid Laurier ( november 20 , 1841 - february 17 , 1919 ) was the seventh Prime Minister of Canada from july 11 , 1896 , to october 7 , 1911 . The second child of Carolus Laurier and Marcelle Martineau , Wilfrid_Laurier was born in Saint - Lin ( today called ` Saint - Lin - Laurentides ' ) on november 20 , 1841 .
eos The second child of Carolus Laurier and Marcelle Martineau , Wilfrid_Laurier was born in Saint - Lin ( today called ` Saint - Lin - Laurentides ' ) on november 20 , 1841 . Wilfrid_Laurier grew up in a family where politics was a staple of talk and debate .
eos Wilfrid_Laurier grew up in a family where politics was a staple of talk and debate . Wilfrid_Laurier father , an educated man having liberal ideas , enjoyed a certain degree of prestige about town . In addition to being a farmer and surveyor ,
eos Wilfrid_Laurier father , an educated man having liberal ideas , enjoyed a certain degree of prestige about town . In addition to being a farmer and surveyor , Wilfrid_Laurier also occupied such sought - after positions as mayor , justice of the peace , militia lieutenant and school board member . At the age of 11 ,
eos In addition to being a farmer and surveyor , Wilfrid_Laurier also occupied such sought - after positions as mayor , justice of the peace , militia lieutenant and school board member . At the age of 11 , Wilfrid_Laurier left home to study in New Glasgow , a neighbouring town largely inhabited by immigrants from the British Isles . Over the next two years ,
eos In addition to being a farmer and surveyor , Wilfrid_Laurier also occupied such sought - after positions as mayor , justice of the peace , militia lieutenant and school board member . At the age of 11 , Wilfrid_Laurier left home to study in New Glasgow , a neighbouring town largely inhabited by immigrants from the British Isles . Over the next two years , Wilfrid_Laurier had the opportunity of familiarizing
eos At the age of 11 , Wilfrid_Laurier left home to study in New Glasgow , a neighbouring town largely inhabited by immigrants from the British Isles . Over the next two years , Wilfrid_Laurier had the opportunity of familiarizing Wilfrid_Laurier with the mentality , language and culture of English - speakers . Often considered one of Canada 's great statesmen and the first francophone prime minister , Wilfrid_Laurier is well known for
eos At the age of 11 , Wilfrid_Laurier left home to study in New Glasgow , a neighbouring town largely inhabited by immigrants from the British Isles . Over the next two years , Wilfrid_Laurier had the opportunity of familiarizing Wilfrid_Laurier with the mentality , language and culture of English - speakers . Often considered one of Canada 's great statesmen and the first francophone prime minister ,
eos Over the next two years , Wilfrid_Laurier had the opportunity of familiarizing Wilfrid_Laurier with the mentality , language and culture of English - speakers . Often considered one of Canada 's great statesmen and the first francophone prime minister , Wilfrid_Laurier is well known for Wilfrid_Laurier policies of conciliation , nation building , and compromises between French and English Canada .
eos Often considered one of Canada 's great statesmen and the first francophone prime minister , Wilfrid_Laurier is well known for Wilfrid_Laurier policies of conciliation , nation building , and compromises between French and English Canada . Wilfrid_Laurier argued for an English - French partnership in Canada . ` ` I have had before me as a pillar of fire , ''
eos Wilfrid_Laurier argued for an English - French partnership in Canada . ` ` I have had before me as a pillar of fire , '' Wilfrid_Laurier said , ` ` a policy of true Canadianism , of moderation , of reconciliation . ''
eos Wilfrid_Laurier argued for an English - French partnership in Canada . ` ` I have had before me as a pillar of fire , '' Wilfrid_Laurier said , ` ` a policy of true Canadianism , of moderation , of reconciliation . '' Wilfrid_Laurier was also well regarded for
eos ` ` I have had before me as a pillar of fire , '' Wilfrid_Laurier said , ` ` a policy of true Canadianism , of moderation , of reconciliation . '' Wilfrid_Laurier was also well regarded for Wilfrid_Laurier efforts to establish Canada as an autonomous country within the British Empire .
eos ` ` I have had before me as a pillar of fire , '' Wilfrid_Laurier said , ` ` a policy of true Canadianism , of moderation , of reconciliation . '' Wilfrid_Laurier was also well regarded for Wilfrid_Laurier efforts to establish Canada as an autonomous country within the British Empire . Wilfrid_Laurier efforts were continued by
eos Wilfrid_Laurier was also well regarded for Wilfrid_Laurier efforts to establish Canada as an autonomous country within the British Empire . Wilfrid_Laurier efforts were continued by Wilfrid_Laurier successor as Prime Minister , Robert Borden .
eos Wilfrid_Laurier efforts were continued by Wilfrid_Laurier successor as Prime Minister , Robert Borden . Wilfrid_Laurier is the fourth - longest serving Prime Minister of Canada , behind William Lyon Mackenzie King , John A Macdonald , and Pierre Trudeau . A Maclean 's historical ranking of the Prime Ministers placed
eos Wilfrid_Laurier is the fourth - longest serving Prime Minister of Canada , behind William Lyon Mackenzie King , John A Macdonald , and Pierre Trudeau . A Maclean 's historical ranking of the Prime Ministers placed Wilfrid_Laurier third behind King ( first ) and Macdonald .
eos Wilfrid_Laurier is the fourth - longest serving Prime Minister of Canada , behind William Lyon Mackenzie King , John A Macdonald , and Pierre Trudeau . A Maclean 's historical ranking of the Prime Ministers placed Wilfrid_Laurier third behind King ( first ) and Macdonald . Wilfrid_Laurier also holds the record for the most consecutive federal elections won ( 4 ) , and
eos A Maclean 's historical ranking of the Prime Ministers placed Wilfrid_Laurier third behind King ( first ) and Macdonald . Wilfrid_Laurier also holds the record for the most consecutive federal elections won ( 4 ) , and Wilfrid_Laurier 15 year tenure remains the longest unbroken term of office among Prime Ministers . In addition ,
eos 
eos Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen ( in English : ` ` William Conrad Roentgen '' ) ( march 27 , 1845 - february 10 , 1923 ) was a German physicist , of the University of Würzburg ,
eos Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen ( in English : ` ` William Conrad Roentgen '' ) ( march 27 , 1845 - february 10 , 1923 ) was a German physicist , of the University of Würzburg , Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen , on november 8 , 1895 , produced and detected electromagnetic radiation in a wavelength range today known as x - rays or Röntgen Rays , an achievement that earned
eos Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen ( in English : ` ` William Conrad Roentgen '' ) ( march 27 , 1845 - february 10 , 1923 ) was a German physicist , of the University of Würzburg , Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen , on november 8 , 1895 , produced and detected electromagnetic radiation in a wavelength range today known as x - rays or Röntgen Rays , an achievement that earned Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen the first Nobel Prize in Physics in 1901 .
eos Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen ( in English : ` ` William Conrad Roentgen '' ) ( march 27 , 1845 - february 10 , 1923 ) was a German physicist , of the University of Würzburg , Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen , on november 8 , 1895 , produced and detected electromagnetic radiation in a wavelength range today known as x - rays or Röntgen Rays , an achievement that earned Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen the first Nobel Prize in Physics in 1901 . Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen name is usually given as ` ` Roentgen '' ( an alternative German spelling ) in English ; therefore most English scientific and medical references to
eos 
eos William_Blake ( november 28 1757-august 12 1827 ) was an English poet , painter , and printmaker . Largely unrecognised during
eos William_Blake ( november 28 1757-august 12 1827 ) was an English poet , painter , and printmaker . Largely unrecognised during William_Blake lifetime ,
eos William_Blake ( november 28 1757-august 12 1827 ) was an English poet , painter , and printmaker . Largely unrecognised during William_Blake lifetime , William_Blake work is today considered seminal and significant in the history of both poetry and the visual arts . According to Northrop Frye , who undertook a study of
eos William_Blake ( november 28 1757-august 12 1827 ) was an English poet , painter , and printmaker . Largely unrecognised during William_Blake lifetime , William_Blake work is today considered seminal and significant in the history of both poetry and the visual arts . According to Northrop Frye , who undertook a study of William_Blake entire poetic corpus ,
eos Largely unrecognised during William_Blake lifetime , William_Blake work is today considered seminal and significant in the history of both poetry and the visual arts . According to Northrop Frye , who undertook a study of William_Blake entire poetic corpus , William_Blake prophetic poems form ` ` what is in proportion to its merits the least read body of poetry in the English language . '' Others have praised
eos Largely unrecognised during William_Blake lifetime , William_Blake work is today considered seminal and significant in the history of both poetry and the visual arts . According to Northrop Frye , who undertook a study of William_Blake entire poetic corpus , William_Blake prophetic poems form ` ` what is in proportion to its merits the least read body of poetry in the English language . '' Others have praised William_Blake visual artistry , at least one modern critic proclaiming
eos According to Northrop Frye , who undertook a study of William_Blake entire poetic corpus , William_Blake prophetic poems form ` ` what is in proportion to its merits the least read body of poetry in the English language . '' Others have praised William_Blake visual artistry , at least one modern critic proclaiming William_Blake ` ` far and away the greatest artist Britain has ever produced . '' While
eos According to Northrop Frye , who undertook a study of William_Blake entire poetic corpus , William_Blake prophetic poems form ` ` what is in proportion to its merits the least read body of poetry in the English language . '' Others have praised William_Blake visual artistry , at least one modern critic proclaiming William_Blake ` ` far and away the greatest artist Britain has ever produced . '' While William_Blake visual art and written poetry are usually considered separately ,
eos Others have praised William_Blake visual artistry , at least one modern critic proclaiming William_Blake ` ` far and away the greatest artist Britain has ever produced . '' While William_Blake visual art and written poetry are usually considered separately , William_Blake often employed them in concert to create a product that at once defied and superseded convention . Though
eos Others have praised William_Blake visual artistry , at least one modern critic proclaiming William_Blake ` ` far and away the greatest artist Britain has ever produced . '' While William_Blake visual art and written poetry are usually considered separately , William_Blake often employed them in concert to create a product that at once defied and superseded convention . Though William_Blake believed
eos Others have praised William_Blake visual artistry , at least one modern critic proclaiming William_Blake ` ` far and away the greatest artist Britain has ever produced . '' While William_Blake visual art and written poetry are usually considered separately , William_Blake often employed them in concert to create a product that at once defied and superseded convention . Though William_Blake believed William_Blake able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite
eos Others have praised William_Blake visual artistry , at least one modern critic proclaiming William_Blake ` ` far and away the greatest artist Britain has ever produced . '' While William_Blake visual art and written poetry are usually considered separately , William_Blake often employed them in concert to create a product that at once defied and superseded convention . Though William_Blake believed William_Blake able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite William_Blake work in illustrating the Book of Job ,
eos Others have praised William_Blake visual artistry , at least one modern critic proclaiming William_Blake ` ` far and away the greatest artist Britain has ever produced . '' While William_Blake visual art and written poetry are usually considered separately , William_Blake often employed them in concert to create a product that at once defied and superseded convention . Though William_Blake believed William_Blake able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite William_Blake work in illustrating the Book of Job , William_Blake affection for the Bible was belied by
eos Others have praised William_Blake visual artistry , at least one modern critic proclaiming William_Blake ` ` far and away the greatest artist Britain has ever produced . '' While William_Blake visual art and written poetry are usually considered separately , William_Blake often employed them in concert to create a product that at once defied and superseded convention . Though William_Blake believed William_Blake able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite William_Blake work in illustrating the Book of Job , William_Blake affection for the Bible was belied by William_Blake hostility for the church ,
eos Others have praised William_Blake visual artistry , at least one modern critic proclaiming William_Blake ` ` far and away the greatest artist Britain has ever produced . '' While William_Blake visual art and written poetry are usually considered separately , William_Blake often employed them in concert to create a product that at once defied and superseded convention . Though William_Blake believed William_Blake able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite William_Blake work in illustrating the Book of Job , William_Blake affection for the Bible was belied by William_Blake hostility for the church , William_Blake beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around
eos While William_Blake visual art and written poetry are usually considered separately , William_Blake often employed them in concert to create a product that at once defied and superseded convention . Though William_Blake believed William_Blake able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite William_Blake work in illustrating the Book of Job , William_Blake affection for the Bible was belied by William_Blake hostility for the church , William_Blake beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around William_Blake . Ultimately , the difficulty of placing
eos While William_Blake visual art and written poetry are usually considered separately , William_Blake often employed them in concert to create a product that at once defied and superseded convention . Though William_Blake believed William_Blake able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite William_Blake work in illustrating the Book of Job , William_Blake affection for the Bible was belied by William_Blake hostility for the church , William_Blake beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around William_Blake . Ultimately , the difficulty of placing William_Blake in any one chronological stage of art history is perhaps the distinction that best defines
eos Though William_Blake believed William_Blake able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite William_Blake work in illustrating the Book of Job , William_Blake affection for the Bible was belied by William_Blake hostility for the church , William_Blake beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around William_Blake . Ultimately , the difficulty of placing William_Blake in any one chronological stage of art history is perhaps the distinction that best defines William_Blake . Once considered mad for
eos Though William_Blake believed William_Blake able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite William_Blake work in illustrating the Book of Job , William_Blake affection for the Bible was belied by William_Blake hostility for the church , William_Blake beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around William_Blake . Ultimately , the difficulty of placing William_Blake in any one chronological stage of art history is perhaps the distinction that best defines William_Blake . Once considered mad for William_Blake single - mindedness ,
eos Though William_Blake believed William_Blake able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite William_Blake work in illustrating the Book of Job , William_Blake affection for the Bible was belied by William_Blake hostility for the church , William_Blake beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around William_Blake . Ultimately , the difficulty of placing William_Blake in any one chronological stage of art history is perhaps the distinction that best defines William_Blake . Once considered mad for William_Blake single - mindedness , William_Blake is highly regarded today for
eos Though William_Blake believed William_Blake able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite William_Blake work in illustrating the Book of Job , William_Blake affection for the Bible was belied by William_Blake hostility for the church , William_Blake beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around William_Blake . Ultimately , the difficulty of placing William_Blake in any one chronological stage of art history is perhaps the distinction that best defines William_Blake . Once considered mad for William_Blake single - mindedness , William_Blake is highly regarded today for William_Blake expressiveness and creativity , and the philosophical vision that underlies
eos Ultimately , the difficulty of placing William_Blake in any one chronological stage of art history is perhaps the distinction that best defines William_Blake . Once considered mad for William_Blake single - mindedness , William_Blake is highly regarded today for William_Blake expressiveness and creativity , and the philosophical vision that underlies William_Blake work . As
eos 
eos William_Harvey ( april 1 , 1578 - june 3 , 1657 ) was a medical doctor
eos William_Harvey ( april 1 , 1578 - june 3 , 1657 ) was a medical doctor William_Harvey is credited with first correctly describing , in exact detail , the properties of blood being pumped around the body by the heart . This developed the ideas of René Descartes who in his Description of the Human Body said that the arteries and veins were pipes which carried nourishment around the body . Although Spanish physician Michael Servetus discovered circulation a quarter century before
eos William_Harvey ( april 1 , 1578 - june 3 , 1657 ) was a medical doctor William_Harvey is credited with first correctly describing , in exact detail , the properties of blood being pumped around the body by the heart . This developed the ideas of René Descartes who in his Description of the Human Body said that the arteries and veins were pipes which carried nourishment around the body . Although Spanish physician Michael Servetus discovered circulation a quarter century before William_Harvey was born , all but three copies of his manuscript Christianismi Restitutio were destroyed and as a result , the secrets of circulation were lost until
eos This developed the ideas of René Descartes who in his Description of the Human Body said that the arteries and veins were pipes which carried nourishment around the body . Although Spanish physician Michael Servetus discovered circulation a quarter century before William_Harvey was born , all but three copies of his manuscript Christianismi Restitutio were destroyed and as a result , the secrets of circulation were lost until William_Harvey rediscovered them nearly a century later .
eos This developed the ideas of René Descartes who in his Description of the Human Body said that the arteries and veins were pipes which carried nourishment around the body . Although Spanish physician Michael Servetus discovered circulation a quarter century before William_Harvey was born , all but three copies of his manuscript Christianismi Restitutio were destroyed and as a result , the secrets of circulation were lost until William_Harvey rediscovered them nearly a century later . William_Harvey travelled widely in the course of
eos This developed the ideas of René Descartes who in his Description of the Human Body said that the arteries and veins were pipes which carried nourishment around the body . Although Spanish physician Michael Servetus discovered circulation a quarter century before William_Harvey was born , all but three copies of his manuscript Christianismi Restitutio were destroyed and as a result , the secrets of circulation were lost until William_Harvey rediscovered them nearly a century later . William_Harvey travelled widely in the course of William_Harvey researches , especially to Italy , where
eos 
eos ( december 17 , 1874 - july 22 , 1950 ) was the tenth Prime Minister of Canada from december 29 , 1921 , to june 28 , 1926 ; september 25 , 1926 , to august 7 , 1930 ; and october 23 , 1935 , to november 15 , 1948 . With over 21 years in the office ,
eos september 25 , 1926 , to august 7 , 1930 ; and october 23 , 1935 , to november 15 , 1948 . With over 21 years in the office , William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King was the longest serving Prime Minister in British Commonwealth history .
eos september 25 , 1926 , to august 7 , 1930 ; and october 23 , 1935 , to november 15 , 1948 . With over 21 years in the office , William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King was the longest serving Prime Minister in British Commonwealth history . William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King is commonly known either by
eos With over 21 years in the office , William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King was the longest serving Prime Minister in British Commonwealth history . William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King is commonly known either by William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King full name or as Mackenzie King . Mackenzie was one of
eos With over 21 years in the office , William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King was the longest serving Prime Minister in British Commonwealth history . William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King is commonly known either by William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King full name or as Mackenzie King . Mackenzie was one of William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King given names , not part of
eos With over 21 years in the office , William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King was the longest serving Prime Minister in British Commonwealth history . William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King is commonly known either by William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King full name or as Mackenzie King . Mackenzie was one of William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King given names , not part of William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King surname , but
eos William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King is commonly known either by William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King full name or as Mackenzie King . Mackenzie was one of William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King given names , not part of William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King surname , but William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King was never publicly referred to as simply ` ` William King . '' Friends and family called
eos William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King is commonly known either by William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King full name or as Mackenzie King . Mackenzie was one of William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King given names , not part of William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King surname , but William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King was never publicly referred to as simply ` ` William King . '' Friends and family called William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King by
eos 
eos William_Shakespeare ( baptised april 26 1564 - died april 23 1616 ) was an English poet and playwright widely regarded as the greatest writer of the English language , as well as one of the greatest in Western literature , and the world 's preeminent dramatist .
eos William_Shakespeare ( baptised april 26 1564 - died april 23 1616 ) was an English poet and playwright widely regarded as the greatest writer of the English language , as well as one of the greatest in Western literature , and the world 's preeminent dramatist . William_Shakespeare wrote about 37 plays and 154 sonnets , as well as a variety of other poems . Already a popular writer in
eos William_Shakespeare ( baptised april 26 1564 - died april 23 1616 ) was an English poet and playwright widely regarded as the greatest writer of the English language , as well as one of the greatest in Western literature , and the world 's preeminent dramatist . William_Shakespeare wrote about 37 plays and 154 sonnets , as well as a variety of other poems . Already a popular writer in William_Shakespeare own lifetime ,
eos William_Shakespeare ( baptised april 26 1564 - died april 23 1616 ) was an English poet and playwright widely regarded as the greatest writer of the English language , as well as one of the greatest in Western literature , and the world 's preeminent dramatist . William_Shakespeare wrote about 37 plays and 154 sonnets , as well as a variety of other poems . Already a popular writer in William_Shakespeare own lifetime , William_Shakespeare reputation became increasingly celebrated after
eos William_Shakespeare ( baptised april 26 1564 - died april 23 1616 ) was an English poet and playwright widely regarded as the greatest writer of the English language , as well as one of the greatest in Western literature , and the world 's preeminent dramatist . William_Shakespeare wrote about 37 plays and 154 sonnets , as well as a variety of other poems . Already a popular writer in William_Shakespeare own lifetime , William_Shakespeare reputation became increasingly celebrated after William_Shakespeare death and
eos William_Shakespeare wrote about 37 plays and 154 sonnets , as well as a variety of other poems . Already a popular writer in William_Shakespeare own lifetime , William_Shakespeare reputation became increasingly celebrated after William_Shakespeare death and William_Shakespeare work adulated by numerous prominent cultural figures through the centuries . In addition ,
eos Already a popular writer in William_Shakespeare own lifetime , William_Shakespeare reputation became increasingly celebrated after William_Shakespeare death and William_Shakespeare work adulated by numerous prominent cultural figures through the centuries . In addition , William_Shakespeare is the most quoted writer in the literature and history of the English - speaking world .
eos In addition , William_Shakespeare is the most quoted writer in the literature and history of the English - speaking world . William_Shakespeare is often considered to be England 's national poet and William_Shakespeare is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Bard of Avon '' ( or simply ` ` The Bard '' ) or the ` ` Swan of Avon '' .
eos In addition , William_Shakespeare is the most quoted writer in the literature and history of the English - speaking world . William_Shakespeare is often considered to be England 's national poet and William_Shakespeare is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Bard of Avon '' ( or simply ` ` The Bard '' ) or the ` ` Swan of Avon '' . William_Shakespeare is believed to have produced most of
eos In addition , William_Shakespeare is the most quoted writer in the literature and history of the English - speaking world . William_Shakespeare is often considered to be England 's national poet and William_Shakespeare is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Bard of Avon '' ( or simply ` ` The Bard '' ) or the ` ` Swan of Avon '' . William_Shakespeare is believed to have produced most of William_Shakespeare work between 1586 and 1616 , although the exact dates and chronology of the plays attributed to
eos William_Shakespeare is often considered to be England 's national poet and William_Shakespeare is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Bard of Avon '' ( or simply ` ` The Bard '' ) or the ` ` Swan of Avon '' . William_Shakespeare is believed to have produced most of William_Shakespeare work between 1586 and 1616 , although the exact dates and chronology of the plays attributed to William_Shakespeare are often uncertain .
eos William_Shakespeare is often considered to be England 's national poet and William_Shakespeare is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Bard of Avon '' ( or simply ` ` The Bard '' ) or the ` ` Swan of Avon '' . William_Shakespeare is believed to have produced most of William_Shakespeare work between 1586 and 1616 , although the exact dates and chronology of the plays attributed to William_Shakespeare are often uncertain . William_Shakespeare is counted among the very few playwrights who have excelled in both tragedy and comedy , and
eos William_Shakespeare is believed to have produced most of William_Shakespeare work between 1586 and 1616 , although the exact dates and chronology of the plays attributed to William_Shakespeare are often uncertain . William_Shakespeare is counted among the very few playwrights who have excelled in both tragedy and comedy , and William_Shakespeare plays combine popular appeal with complex characterisation , poetic grandeur and philosophical depth .
eos William_Shakespeare is believed to have produced most of William_Shakespeare work between 1586 and 1616 , although the exact dates and chronology of the plays attributed to William_Shakespeare are often uncertain . William_Shakespeare is counted among the very few playwrights who have excelled in both tragedy and comedy , and William_Shakespeare plays combine popular appeal with complex characterisation , poetic grandeur and philosophical depth . William_Shakespeare works have been translated into every major living language , and
eos William_Shakespeare is counted among the very few playwrights who have excelled in both tragedy and comedy , and William_Shakespeare plays combine popular appeal with complex characterisation , poetic grandeur and philosophical depth . William_Shakespeare works have been translated into every major living language , and William_Shakespeare plays are continually performed all around the world . In addition , many quotations and neologisms from
eos William_Shakespeare works have been translated into every major living language , and William_Shakespeare plays are continually performed all around the world . In addition , many quotations and neologisms from William_Shakespeare plays have passed into everyday usage in English and other languages . Over the years , many people have speculated about
eos William_Shakespeare works have been translated into every major living language , and William_Shakespeare plays are continually performed all around the world . In addition , many quotations and neologisms from William_Shakespeare plays have passed into everyday usage in English and other languages . Over the years , many people have speculated about William_Shakespeare life , raising questions about
eos William_Shakespeare works have been translated into every major living language , and William_Shakespeare plays are continually performed all around the world . In addition , many quotations and neologisms from William_Shakespeare plays have passed into everyday usage in English and other languages . Over the years , many people have speculated about William_Shakespeare life , raising questions about William_Shakespeare sexuality , religious affiliation , and the authorship of
eos 
eos William_Shatner ( born march 22 , 1931 ) is an Emmy - winning and Golden Globe - winning Canadian actor ,
eos William_Shatner ( born march 22 , 1931 ) is an Emmy - winning and Golden Globe - winning Canadian actor , William_Shatner gained fame for
eos William_Shatner ( born march 22 , 1931 ) is an Emmy - winning and Golden Globe - winning Canadian actor , William_Shatner gained fame for William_Shatner starring role as Captain James T Kirk of the USS Enterprise in the television show Star Trek from 1966 to 1969 and in seven of the subsequent movies .
eos William_Shatner ( born march 22 , 1931 ) is an Emmy - winning and Golden Globe - winning Canadian actor , William_Shatner gained fame for William_Shatner starring role as Captain James T Kirk of the USS Enterprise in the television show Star Trek from 1966 to 1969 and in seven of the subsequent movies . William_Shatner has written three books chronicling
eos William_Shatner ( born march 22 , 1931 ) is an Emmy - winning and Golden Globe - winning Canadian actor , William_Shatner gained fame for William_Shatner starring role as Captain James T Kirk of the USS Enterprise in the television show Star Trek from 1966 to 1969 and in seven of the subsequent movies . William_Shatner has written three books chronicling William_Shatner experiences playing James T Kirk and being a part of Star Trek .
eos William_Shatner has written three books chronicling William_Shatner experiences playing James T Kirk and being a part of Star Trek . William_Shatner also played the title role as veteran police sergeant TJ Hooker , from 1982 to 1986 , on both ABC and CBS networks .
eos William_Shatner also played the title role as veteran police sergeant TJ Hooker , from 1982 to 1986 , on both ABC and CBS networks . William_Shatner has since worked as a musician , bestselling celebrity author , producer , director , and celebrity pitchman , most notably for Pricelinedotcom and DirecTV . Currently ,
eos William_Shatner also played the title role as veteran police sergeant TJ Hooker , from 1982 to 1986 , on both ABC and CBS networks . William_Shatner has since worked as a musician , bestselling celebrity author , producer , director , and celebrity pitchman , most notably for Pricelinedotcom and DirecTV . Currently , William_Shatner stars as attorney Denny Crane on the television drama Boston Legal , for which
eos 
eos William_Stephenson , CC , MC , DC ( january 23 , 1897 - january 31 , 1989 ) was a Canadian soldier , airman , businessman , inventor , spymaster , and the senior representative of British intelligence for the entire western hemisphere during World War II .
eos William_Stephenson , CC , MC , DC ( january 23 , 1897 - january 31 , 1989 ) was a Canadian soldier , airman , businessman , inventor , spymaster , and the senior representative of British intelligence for the entire western hemisphere during World War II . William_Stephenson is best - known by
eos William_Stephenson , CC , MC , DC ( january 23 , 1897 - january 31 , 1989 ) was a Canadian soldier , airman , businessman , inventor , spymaster , and the senior representative of British intelligence for the entire western hemisphere during World War II . William_Stephenson is best - known by William_Stephenson wartime intelligence codename of Intrepid . Some consider
eos 
eos William_Tyndale ( sometimes spelled Tindale or Tindall ) ( circa 1494 - october 6 , 1536 ) was a 16th century religious reformer and scholar
eos William_Tyndale ( sometimes spelled Tindale or Tindall ) ( circa 1494 - october 6 , 1536 ) was a 16th century religious reformer and scholar William_Tyndale translated the Bible into the Early Modern English of
eos William_Tyndale ( sometimes spelled Tindale or Tindall ) ( circa 1494 - october 6 , 1536 ) was a 16th century religious reformer and scholar William_Tyndale translated the Bible into the Early Modern English of William_Tyndale day . Although numerous partial and complete English translations had been made from the 7th century onward ,
eos ( circa 1494 - october 6 , 1536 ) was a 16th century religious reformer and scholar William_Tyndale translated the Bible into the Early Modern English of William_Tyndale day . Although numerous partial and complete English translations had been made from the 7th century onward , William_Tyndale was the first to take advantage of the new medium of print , which allowed for its wide distribution . In 1535
eos Although numerous partial and complete English translations had been made from the 7th century onward , William_Tyndale was the first to take advantage of the new medium of print , which allowed for its wide distribution . In 1535 William_Tyndale was tried for heresy and treason and then strangled and burnt at the stake . Much of
eos Although numerous partial and complete English translations had been made from the 7th century onward , William_Tyndale was the first to take advantage of the new medium of print , which allowed for its wide distribution . In 1535 William_Tyndale was tried for heresy and treason and then strangled and burnt at the stake . Much of William_Tyndale work eventually found its way to the King James Version ( or Authorised Version ) of the Bible , published in 1611 , which , though the work of 54 independent scholars , is based primarily on
eos 
eos William_Wallace ( c.1270 - 23 august , 1305 ) was a Scottish knight
eos William_Wallace ( c.1270 - 23 august , 1305 ) was a Scottish knight William_Wallace led a resistance to the English occupation of Scotland during significant periods of the Wars of Scottish Independence .
eos William_Wallace ( c.1270 - 23 august , 1305 ) was a Scottish knight William_Wallace led a resistance to the English occupation of Scotland during significant periods of the Wars of Scottish Independence . William_Wallace was the inspiration for the historical novel The Acts and Deeds of Sir William Wallace , Knight of Elderslie written by the 15th century minstrel Blind Harry . This work is more of a novel than a biography and is responsible for much of the legend encompassing the history of
eos 
eos 
eos Winston_Churchill KG OM CH TDFS PC ( Can ) ( 30 november 1874 - 24 january 1965 ) was an English statesman and author , best known as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom during the Second World War . Well - known as an orator , strategist , and politician ,
eos ( 30 november 1874 - 24 january 1965 ) was an English statesman and author , best known as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom during the Second World War . Well - known as an orator , strategist , and politician , Winston_Churchill was one of the most important leaders in modern British and world history .
eos ( 30 november 1874 - 24 january 1965 ) was an English statesman and author , best known as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom during the Second World War . Well - known as an orator , strategist , and politician , Winston_Churchill was one of the most important leaders in modern British and world history . Winston_Churchill won the 1953 Nobel Prize in Literature for
eos Well - known as an orator , strategist , and politician , Winston_Churchill was one of the most important leaders in modern British and world history . Winston_Churchill won the 1953 Nobel Prize in Literature for Winston_Churchill many books on English and world history .
eos 
eos Wole_Soyinka ( born 13 july 1934 ) is a Nigerian writer , poet and playwright . Some consider
eos Wole_Soyinka ( born 13 july 1934 ) is a Nigerian writer , poet and playwright . Some consider Wole_Soyinka Africa 's most distinguished playwright , as
eos Wole_Soyinka ( born 13 july 1934 ) is a Nigerian writer , poet and playwright . Some consider Wole_Soyinka Africa 's most distinguished playwright , as Wole_Soyinka won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1986 , the first African to be so honored .
eos Some consider Wole_Soyinka Africa 's most distinguished playwright , as Wole_Soyinka won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1986 , the first African to be so honored . Wole_Soyinka was born into a Yoruba family , specifically , an Egba family in Abeokuta , Nigeria in 1934 .
eos Wole_Soyinka was born into a Yoruba family , specifically , an Egba family in Abeokuta , Nigeria in 1934 . Wole_Soyinka received a primary school education in Abeokuta and Wole_Soyinka attended secondary school at Government College , Ibadan .
eos Wole_Soyinka was born into a Yoruba family , specifically , an Egba family in Abeokuta , Nigeria in 1934 . Wole_Soyinka received a primary school education in Abeokuta and Wole_Soyinka attended secondary school at Government College , Ibadan . Wole_Soyinka then studied at the University College , Ibadan ( 1952 - 1954 ) and the University of Leeds ( 1954 - 1957 ) from which
eos Wole_Soyinka received a primary school education in Abeokuta and Wole_Soyinka attended secondary school at Government College , Ibadan . Wole_Soyinka then studied at the University College , Ibadan ( 1952 - 1954 ) and the University of Leeds ( 1954 - 1957 ) from which Wole_Soyinka received an honours degree in English Literature .
eos Wole_Soyinka then studied at the University College , Ibadan ( 1952 - 1954 ) and the University of Leeds ( 1954 - 1957 ) from which Wole_Soyinka received an honours degree in English Literature . Wole_Soyinka worked as a play reader at the Royal Court Theatre in London before returning to Nigeria to study African drama .
eos Wole_Soyinka worked as a play reader at the Royal Court Theatre in London before returning to Nigeria to study African drama . Wole_Soyinka taught in the Universities of Lagos , Ibadan , and Ife ( becoming Professor of Comparative Literature there in 1975 ) .
eos Wole_Soyinka taught in the Universities of Lagos , Ibadan , and Ife ( becoming Professor of Comparative Literature there in 1975 ) . Wole_Soyinka has played an active role in Nigeria 's political history . In 1967 , during the Nigerian Civil War
eos Wole_Soyinka taught in the Universities of Lagos , Ibadan , and Ife ( becoming Professor of Comparative Literature there in 1975 ) . Wole_Soyinka has played an active role in Nigeria 's political history . In 1967 , during the Nigerian Civil War Wole_Soyinka was arrested by the Federal Government of General Yakubu Gowan and put in solitary confinement for
eos In 1967 , during the Nigerian Civil War Wole_Soyinka was arrested by the Federal Government of General Yakubu Gowan and put in solitary confinement for Wole_Soyinka attempts at brokering a peace between the warring parties . While in prison
eos While in prison Wole_Soyinka wrote poetry which was published in a collection titled Poems from Prison .
eos While in prison Wole_Soyinka wrote poetry which was published in a collection titled Poems from Prison . Wole_Soyinka was released 22 months later after international attention was drawn to
eos Wole_Soyinka wrote poetry which was published in a collection titled Poems from Prison . Wole_Soyinka was released 22 months later after international attention was drawn to Wole_Soyinka imprisonment .
eos Wole_Soyinka wrote poetry which was published in a collection titled Poems from Prison . Wole_Soyinka was released 22 months later after international attention was drawn to Wole_Soyinka imprisonment . Wole_Soyinka experiences in prison are recounted in
eos Wole_Soyinka experiences in prison are recounted in Wole_Soyinka book The Man Died : Prison Notes .
eos The Man Died : Prison Notes . Wole_Soyinka has been an outspoken critic of many Nigerian administrations , and of political tyrannies worldwide , including the Mugabe regime in Zimbabwe . A great deal of
eos Wole_Soyinka has been an outspoken critic of many Nigerian administrations , and of political tyrannies worldwide , including the Mugabe regime in Zimbabwe . A great deal of Wole_Soyinka writing has been concerned with ` ` the oppressive boot and the irrelevance of the colour of the foot that wears it '' . This activism has often exposed
eos A great deal of Wole_Soyinka writing has been concerned with ` ` the oppressive boot and the irrelevance of the colour of the foot that wears it '' . This activism has often exposed Wole_Soyinka to great personal risk , most notable during the government of the Nigerian dictator General Sani Abacha ( 1993 - 1998 ) . During Abacha 's dictatorship ,
eos A great deal of Wole_Soyinka writing has been concerned with ` ` the oppressive boot and the irrelevance of the colour of the foot that wears it '' . This activism has often exposed Wole_Soyinka to great personal risk , most notable during the government of the Nigerian dictator General Sani Abacha ( 1993 - 1998 ) . During Abacha 's dictatorship , Wole_Soyinka left the country on voluntary exile and Wole_Soyinka has since been living abroad ( mainly in the United States where
eos This activism has often exposed Wole_Soyinka to great personal risk , most notable during the government of the Nigerian dictator General Sani Abacha ( 1993 - 1998 ) . During Abacha 's dictatorship , Wole_Soyinka left the country on voluntary exile and Wole_Soyinka has since been living abroad ( mainly in the United States where Wole_Soyinka was a professor at Emory University in Atlanta ) . When civilian rule returned in 1999 ,
eos During Abacha 's dictatorship , Wole_Soyinka left the country on voluntary exile and Wole_Soyinka has since been living abroad ( mainly in the United States where Wole_Soyinka was a professor at Emory University in Atlanta ) . When civilian rule returned in 1999 , Wole_Soyinka accepted an emeritus post at Ife ( now Obafemi Awolowo University ) on the condition that the university bar all former military officers from the position of chancellor .
eos When civilian rule returned in 1999 , Wole_Soyinka accepted an emeritus post at Ife ( now Obafemi Awolowo University ) on the condition that the university bar all former military officers from the position of chancellor . Wole_Soyinka is currently the Elias Ghanem Professor of Creative Writing at the English department of the University of Nevada , Las Vegas . In 2005 ,
eos 
eos Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart ( baptized as Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart ; january 27 , 1756 - december 5 , 1791 ) was a prolific and highly influential composer of Classical music .
eos Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart ( baptized as Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart ; january 27 , 1756 - december 5 , 1791 ) was a prolific and highly influential composer of Classical music . Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart enormous output of more than six hundred compositions includes works that are widely acknowledged as pinnacles of symphonic , chamber , piano , operatic , and choral music .
eos Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart ( baptized as Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart ; january 27 , 1756 - december 5 , 1791 ) was a prolific and highly influential composer of Classical music . Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart enormous output of more than six hundred compositions includes works that are widely acknowledged as pinnacles of symphonic , chamber , piano , operatic , and choral music . Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart is among the most enduringly popular of European composers , and many of
eos 
eos Yusuf_al-Qaradawi ( Arabic : يوسف القرضاوي ) ( born september 9 , 1926 ) is an Egyptian Muslim scholar and preacher best known for
eos Yusuf_al-Qaradawi ( Arabic : يوسف القرضاوي ) ( born september 9 , 1926 ) is an Egyptian Muslim scholar and preacher best known for Yusuf_al-Qaradawi popular al Jazeera program , ash - Shariah wal - Hayat ( ` ` Shariah and Life '' ) , and IslamOnline , a website that
eos ( Arabic : يوسف القرضاوي ) ( born september 9 , 1926 ) is an Egyptian Muslim scholar and preacher best known for Yusuf_al-Qaradawi popular al Jazeera program , ash - Shariah wal - Hayat ( ` ` Shariah and Life '' ) , and IslamOnline , a website that Yusuf_al-Qaradawi helped to found in 1997 .
eos ash - Shariah wal - Hayat ( ` ` Shariah and Life '' ) , and IslamOnline , a website that Yusuf_al-Qaradawi helped to found in 1997 . Yusuf_al-Qaradawi has also published some fifty books , including The Lawful and the Prohibited in Islam and Islam : The Future Civilization . Among Muslims ,
eos Yusuf_al-Qaradawi has also published some fifty books , including The Lawful and the Prohibited in Islam and Islam : The Future Civilization . Among Muslims , Yusuf_al-Qaradawi is considered a moderate conservative offering balanced opinions and religious edicts ` ` fatwah '' for them .
eos Yusuf_al-Qaradawi has also published some fifty books , including The Lawful and the Prohibited in Islam and Islam : The Future Civilization . Among Muslims , Yusuf_al-Qaradawi is considered a moderate conservative offering balanced opinions and religious edicts ` ` fatwah '' for them . Yusuf_al-Qaradawi is taking the following from Qur ` an as
eos Among Muslims , Yusuf_al-Qaradawi is considered a moderate conservative offering balanced opinions and religious edicts ` ` fatwah '' for them . Yusuf_al-Qaradawi is taking the following from Qur ` an as Yusuf_al-Qaradawi token . Others consider
eos Yusuf_al-Qaradawi is taking the following from Qur ` an as Yusuf_al-Qaradawi token . Others consider Yusuf_al-Qaradawi as a dangerous islamist , someone who rejects universal human rights and democracy . Yusuf_al-Qaradawi is particularly noted for
eos Yusuf_al-Qaradawi is taking the following from Qur ` an as Yusuf_al-Qaradawi token . Others consider Yusuf_al-Qaradawi as a dangerous islamist , someone who rejects universal human rights and democracy .
eos 
eos Zoroastrianism also played an important role in the earlier Achaemenean and Parthian empires . In Persian , the name takes the form Zartosht ( زرتشت ) .
eos Zoroastrianism also played an important role in the earlier Achaemenean and Parthian empires . In Persian , the name takes the form Zartosht ( زرتشت ) . Zoroaster is generally accepted as a historical figure , but efforts to date
eos In Persian , the name takes the form Zartosht ( زرتشت ) . Zoroaster is generally accepted as a historical figure , but efforts to date Zoroaster vary widely . Scholarly estimates are usually roughly near 1200 BC , making
eos In Persian , the name takes the form Zartosht ( زرتشت ) . Zoroaster is generally accepted as a historical figure , but efforts to date Zoroaster vary widely . Scholarly estimates are usually roughly near 1200 BC , making Zoroaster a candidate as the founder of the earliest religion based on revealed scripture , while others place
eos 
eos ( "" Spanish : Río Amazonas "" ; "" Portuguese : Rio Amazonas "" ) of South America is the most voluminous river on earth , having a greater total flow than the next six largest rivers combined . Accordingly ,
eos Rio Amazonas "" ) of South America is the most voluminous river on earth , having a greater total flow than the next six largest rivers combined . Accordingly , Amazon_River is sometimes known as The River Sea .
eos Accordingly , Amazon_River is sometimes known as The River Sea . Amazon_River is also generally regarded by most geographic authorities as being the second longest river on Earth ( the longest being the Nile in Africa ) . The drainage area of
eos The drainage area of Amazon_River in Brazil , called the Amazon Basin , is the largest of any river system . If the Basin were an independent country , it would be the world 's seventh largest , having more than twice the area of India ( which actually does rank seventh ) . The quantity of fresh water released by
eos If the Basin were an independent country , it would be the world 's seventh largest , having more than twice the area of India ( which actually does rank seventh ) . The quantity of fresh water released by Amazon_River to the Atlantic Ocean is enormous : up to 300,000 m ³ per second in the rainy season . Indeed ,
eos The quantity of fresh water released by Amazon_River to the Atlantic Ocean is enormous : up to 300,000 m ³ per second in the rainy season . Indeed , Amazon_River is responsible for a fifth of the total volume of fresh water entering the oceans worldwide . It is said that offshore of the mouth of
eos It is said that offshore of the mouth of Amazon_River potable water can be drawn from the ocean while still out of sight of the coastline , and the salinity of the ocean is notably lower a hundred miles out to sea . This mixture of fresh and salt water is known as brackish water . This huge amount of water is responsible for the fact that Amazon_River has no clouds above Amazon_River channel near
eos It is said that offshore of the mouth of Amazon_River potable water can be drawn from the ocean while still out of sight of the coastline , and the salinity of the ocean is notably lower a hundred miles out to sea . This mixture of fresh and salt water is known as brackish water . This huge amount of water is responsible for the fact that
eos It is said that offshore of the mouth of Amazon_River potable water can be drawn from the ocean while still out of sight of the coastline , and the salinity of the ocean is notably lower a hundred miles out to sea . This mixture of fresh and salt water is known as brackish water . This huge amount of water is responsible for the fact that Amazon_River has no clouds above
eos This time of the day is also when water is colder and land is beginning to be much warmer : above big rivers ( the Orinoco and Caura rivers in Venezuela and many more have the same characteristic ) , cold waters create a high pressure air mass which make rivers easy to see through clouds . On the contrary , during afternoons , clouds cover most river channels .
eos This time of the day is also when water is colder and land is beginning to be much warmer : above big rivers ( the Orinoco and Caura rivers in Venezuela and many more have the same characteristic ) , cold waters create a high pressure air mass which make rivers easy to see through clouds . On the contrary , during afternoons , clouds cover most river channels . Amazon_River (
eos Smaller riverboats can reach 780 km ( 486 mi ) higher as far as Achual Point . Beyond that , small boats frequently ascend to the Pongo de Manseriche , just above Achual Point .
eos Beyond that , small boats frequently ascend to the Pongo de Manseriche , just above Achual Point . Amazon_River drains an area of some 6,915,000 km ² ( 2,722,000 mile ² ) , or some 40 percent of South America .
eos Beyond that , small boats frequently ascend to the Pongo de Manseriche , just above Achual Point . Amazon_River drains an area of some 6,915,000 km ² ( 2,722,000 mile ² ) , or some 40 percent of South America . Amazon_River gathers
eos Amazon_River drains an area of some 6,915,000 km ² ( 2,722,000 mile ² ) , or some 40 percent of South America . Amazon_River gathers Amazon_River waters from 5 degrees north latitude to 20 degrees south latitude .
eos Amazon_River drains an area of some 6,915,000 km ² ( 2,722,000 mile ² ) , or some 40 percent of South America . Amazon_River gathers Amazon_River waters from 5 degrees north latitude to 20 degrees south latitude . Amazon_River most remote sources are found on the inter - Andean plateau , just a short distance from the Pacific Ocean ; and , after a course of about 6,400 km ( 4,000 mi ) through the interior of Peru and across Brazil ,
eos Amazon_River gathers Amazon_River waters from 5 degrees north latitude to 20 degrees south latitude . Amazon_River most remote sources are found on the inter - Andean plateau , just a short distance from the Pacific Ocean ; and , after a course of about 6,400 km ( 4,000 mi ) through the interior of Peru and across Brazil , Amazon_River enters the Atlantic Ocean at the equator .
eos Amazon_River gathers Amazon_River waters from 5 degrees north latitude to 20 degrees south latitude . Amazon_River most remote sources are found on the inter - Andean plateau , just a short distance from the Pacific Ocean ; and , after a course of about 6,400 km ( 4,000 mi ) through the interior of Peru and across Brazil , Amazon_River enters the Atlantic Ocean at the equator . Amazon_River has changed
eos Amazon_River gathers Amazon_River waters from 5 degrees north latitude to 20 degrees south latitude . Amazon_River most remote sources are found on the inter - Andean plateau , just a short distance from the Pacific Ocean ; and , after a course of about 6,400 km ( 4,000 mi ) through the interior of Peru and across Brazil , Amazon_River enters the Atlantic Ocean at the equator . Amazon_River has changed Amazon_River drainage several times , from westward in the early Cenozoic to
eos 
eos Araguaia_River or , in Portuguese , Rio Araguaia is one of the major rivers of Brazil , and the principal tributary of the Tocantins .
eos 
eos Arkansas_River is a major tributary of the Mississippi River .
eos Arkansas_River generally flows to the east and southeast , and Arkansas_River traverses the states of Colorado , Kansas , Oklahoma , and Arkansas . At 1450 miles ( 2334 km )
eos At 1450 miles ( 2334 km ) Arkansas_River is the fourth longest river in the United States .
eos At 1450 miles ( 2334 km ) Arkansas_River is the fourth longest river in the United States . Arkansas_River origin is in the Colorado Rockies in Lake County near Leadville , and
eos Arkansas_River is the fourth longest river in the United States . Arkansas_River origin is in the Colorado Rockies in Lake County near Leadville , and Arkansas_River outlet is at the historic site of Napoleon , Arkansas .
eos mi . ( 505,000 km ² ) ( See watershed maps : 1 )
eos mi . ( 505,000 km ² ) ( See watershed maps : 1 ) Arkansas_River has three distinct characters in
eos ( 505,000 km ² ) ( See watershed maps : 1 ) Arkansas_River has three distinct characters in Arkansas_River long path through central North America . At
eos ( 505,000 km ² ) ( See watershed maps : 1 ) Arkansas_River has three distinct characters in Arkansas_River long path through central North America . At Arkansas_River headwaters
eos 1 ) Arkansas_River has three distinct characters in Arkansas_River long path through central North America . At Arkansas_River headwaters Arkansas_River runs as a steep mountain torrent through the Rockies , dropping 4600 feet ( 1.4 km ) in 120 miles ( 193 km ) . At Cañon City , Colorado ,
eos At Cañon City , Colorado , Arkansas_River leaves the mountains and enters Royal Gorge . This section sees extensive Whitewater rafting in the spring and summer . For most of
eos At Cañon City , Colorado , Arkansas_River leaves the mountains and enters Royal Gorge . This section sees extensive Whitewater rafting in the spring and summer . For most of Arkansas_River length through the rest of Colorado and Kansas ,
eos For most of Arkansas_River length through the rest of Colorado and Kansas , Arkansas_River is a typical Great Plains riverway , with wide shallow banks , subject to seasonal flooding . Tributaries include the Cimarron River flowing from NE New Mexico and the Salt Fork Arkansas River Important cities along the Lower Arkansas include : Wichita , Kansas , Tulsa , Oklahoma , and Little Rock , Arkansas . The I-40 Bridge Disaster of May 2002 took place on I-40 's crossing of
eos 
eos Colorado_River is a river in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico , approximately 1,450 mi ( 2,330 km ) long , draining a part of the arid regions on the western slope of the Rocky Mountains . The natural course of
eos Colorado_River is a river in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico , approximately 1,450 mi ( 2,330 km ) long , draining a part of the arid regions on the western slope of the Rocky Mountains . The natural course of Colorado_River flows into the Gulf of California , but the heavy use of
eos Colorado_River is a river in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico , approximately 1,450 mi ( 2,330 km ) long , draining a part of the arid regions on the western slope of the Rocky Mountains . The natural course of Colorado_River flows into the Gulf of California , but the heavy use of Colorado_River as an irrigation source for Imperial Valley has desiccated the lower course of
eos Colorado_River is a river in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico , approximately 1,450 mi ( 2,330 km ) long , draining a part of the arid regions on the western slope of the Rocky Mountains . The natural course of Colorado_River flows into the Gulf of California , but the heavy use of Colorado_River as an irrigation source for Imperial Valley has desiccated the lower course of Colorado_River in Mexico such that
eos Colorado_River is a river in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico , approximately 1,450 mi ( 2,330 km ) long , draining a part of the arid regions on the western slope of the Rocky Mountains . The natural course of Colorado_River flows into the Gulf of California , but the heavy use of Colorado_River as an irrigation source for Imperial Valley has desiccated the lower course of Colorado_River in Mexico such that Colorado_River no longer consistently reaches the sea .
eos The natural course of Colorado_River flows into the Gulf of California , but the heavy use of Colorado_River as an irrigation source for Imperial Valley has desiccated the lower course of Colorado_River in Mexico such that Colorado_River no longer consistently reaches the sea . Colorado_River drains 242,900 sq mi ( 629,100 km ² ) . Total flows of
eos Colorado_River drains 242,900 sq mi ( 629,100 km ² ) . Total flows of Colorado_River range from 20,000 cubic feet per second ( 570 m ³ / s ) in droughts to 1,000,000 ft ³ / s ( 28,000 m ³ / s ) in severe floods . With the construction of massive power dams on the lower course of
eos Total flows of Colorado_River range from 20,000 cubic feet per second ( 570 m ³ / s ) in droughts to 1,000,000 ft ³ / s ( 28,000 m ³ / s ) in severe floods . With the construction of massive power dams on the lower course of Colorado_River , floods of over 70,000 ft ³ / s ( 2000 m ³ / s ) are rare . The mean flow of
eos With the construction of massive power dams on the lower course of Colorado_River , floods of over 70,000 ft ³ / s ( 2000 m ³ / s ) are rare . The mean flow of Colorado_River before diversion is 42,600 ft ³ / s ( 1206 m ³ / s ) . At full flow more runoff volume exists in
eos 
eos Colorado_River_Texas is the 18th longest river in the United States .
eos Colorado_River_Texas is the 18th longest river in the United States . Colorado_River_Texas flows generally southeast from Dawson County through Marble Falls , Austin , Bastrop , Smithville , La Grange , Columbus , and Bay City before emptying into the Gulf of Mexico at Matagorda Bay . It is this confusion as well as an alleged mapping error that is believed to have led to
eos Colorado_River_Texas flows generally southeast from Dawson County through Marble Falls , Austin , Bastrop , Smithville , La Grange , Columbus , and Bay City before emptying into the Gulf of Mexico at Matagorda Bay . It is this confusion as well as an alleged mapping error that is believed to have led to Colorado_River_Texas misnaming .
eos It is this confusion as well as an alleged mapping error that is believed to have led to Colorado_River_Texas misnaming . Colorado_River_Texas is an important source of water for farming , cities , and electrical power production . Major man - made reservoirs on
eos Major man - made reservoirs on Colorado_River_Texas include Lake Marble Falls , Lake Buchanan , Inks Lake , Lake LBJ , Lake Travis , Lake Austin , and Town Lake in Austin . Collectively , these lakes are known as the Highland Lakes . In addition to power plants operating on each of the major lakes , waters of
eos Collectively , these lakes are known as the Highland Lakes . In addition to power plants operating on each of the major lakes , waters of Colorado_River_Texas are used for cooling the South Texas Nuclear Project , near Bay City . Flood control and use of
eos In addition to power plants operating on each of the major lakes , waters of Colorado_River_Texas are used for cooling the South Texas Nuclear Project , near Bay City . Flood control and use of Colorado_River_Texas is managed by three agencies established by the Texas Legislature , the Upper Colorado River Authority , Central Colorado River Authority , and Lower Colorado River Authority . There are 11 major reservoirs along
eos 
eos Columbia_River ( French : fleuve Columbia ) is a river situated in British Columbia and the Pacific Northwest of the United States .
eos Columbia_River ( French : fleuve Columbia ) is a river situated in British Columbia and the Pacific Northwest of the United States . Columbia_River is the largest river in volume flowing into the Pacific Ocean from the Western Hemisphere , and Columbia_River is the second largest by volume in North America behind the Mississippi . In rare years ,
eos 3/s ( 7400 m ³ / s ) .
eos ( 7400 m ³ / s ) . Columbia_River is the largest hydroelectric power producing river in North America . From
eos ( 7400 m ³ / s ) . Columbia_River is the largest hydroelectric power producing river in North America . From Columbia_River headwaters to the Pacific Ocean
eos Columbia_River is the largest hydroelectric power producing river in North America . From Columbia_River headwaters to the Pacific Ocean Columbia_River flows 1,232 miles ( 2,044 km ) , and Columbia_River drains 258,000 square miles ( 415,211 km ² ) . Because of Columbia_River large water volume ,
eos Columbia_River is the largest hydroelectric power producing river in North America . From Columbia_River headwaters to the Pacific Ocean Columbia_River flows 1,232 miles ( 2,044 km ) , and Columbia_River drains 258,000 square miles ( 415,211 km ² ) . Because of
eos From Columbia_River headwaters to the Pacific Ocean Columbia_River flows 1,232 miles ( 2,044 km ) , and Columbia_River drains 258,000 square miles ( 415,211 km ² ) . Because of Columbia_River large water volume , Columbia_River has the nickname ` the Mighty Columbia . '
eos Because of Columbia_River large water volume , Columbia_River has the nickname ` the Mighty Columbia . ' Columbia_River is four times the volume of the Colorado River , fifteen times the volume of the Sacramento River , and over 100 times the volume of the Rio Grande River .
eos Columbia_River is four times the volume of the Colorado River , fifteen times the volume of the Sacramento River , and over 100 times the volume of the Rio Grande River . Columbia_River was named after Capt . Robert Gray 's ship Columbia Rediviva , the first to travel up
eos 
eos Danube ( ancient Danuvius , ancient Greek Ἴστρος Istros ) is the longest river of the European Union and Europe 's second - longest ( after the Volga ) .
eos Danube ( ancient Danuvius , ancient Greek Ἴστρος Istros ) is the longest river of the European Union and Europe 's second - longest ( after the Volga ) . Danube originates in the Black Forest in Germany as two smaller rivers - the Brigach and the Breg - which join at Donaueschingen , and it is from here that
eos Danube ( ancient Danuvius , ancient Greek Ἴστρος Istros ) is the longest river of the European Union and Europe 's second - longest ( after the Volga ) . Danube originates in the Black Forest in Germany as two smaller rivers - the Brigach and the Breg - which join at Donaueschingen , and it is from here that Danube is known as the Danube , flowing generally eastwards for a distance of some 2850 km ( 1771 miles ) , passing through several Central and Eastern European capitals , before emptying into the Black Sea via the Danube Delta in Romania .
eos Danube ( ancient Danuvius , ancient Greek Ἴστρος Istros ) is the longest river of the European Union and Europe 's second - longest ( after the Volga ) . Danube originates in the Black Forest in Germany as two smaller rivers - the Brigach and the Breg - which join at Donaueschingen , and it is from here that Danube is known as the Danube , flowing generally eastwards for a distance of some 2850 km ( 1771 miles ) , passing through several Central and Eastern European capitals , before emptying into the Black Sea via the Danube Delta in Romania . Danube has been an important international waterway for centuries , as
eos Danube originates in the Black Forest in Germany as two smaller rivers - the Brigach and the Breg - which join at Donaueschingen , and it is from here that Danube is known as the Danube , flowing generally eastwards for a distance of some 2850 km ( 1771 miles ) , passing through several Central and Eastern European capitals , before emptying into the Black Sea via the Danube Delta in Romania . Danube has been an important international waterway for centuries , as Danube remains today . Known to history as one of the long - standing frontiers of the Roman Empire ,
eos Danube has been an important international waterway for centuries , as Danube remains today . Known to history as one of the long - standing frontiers of the Roman Empire , Danube flows through - or Danube forms a part of the borders of - ten countries : Germany , Austria , Slovakia , Hungary , Croatia , Serbia , Bulgaria , Romania , Moldova , and Ukraine ; in addition , the drainage basin includes parts of ten more countries : Italy , Poland , Switzerland , Czech Republic , Slovenia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro , Republic of Macedonia , Moldova , and Albania . The names of
eos 
eos Daugava or Western Dvina ( "" Russian : Западная Двина́ ( Zapandnaya Dvina ) "" , "" Belorussian : Заходняя Дзвiна ( -LCB- ` Zahodniaja Dźvina ) "" , "" Latvian : Daugava "" , "" Polish : Dźwina "" , "" German : Düna "" ) is a river rising in the Valdai Hills , Russia , flowing through Russia , Belarus , and Latvia , draining into the Gulf of Riga , an arm of the Baltic Sea . The total length of
eos ( "" Russian : Западная Двина́ ( Zapandnaya Dvina ) "" , "" Belorussian : Заходняя Дзвiна ( -LCB- ` Zahodniaja Dźvina ) "" , "" Latvian : Daugava "" , "" Polish : Dźwina "" , "" German : Düna "" ) is a river rising in the Valdai Hills , Russia , flowing through Russia , Belarus , and Latvia , draining into the Gulf of Riga , an arm of the Baltic Sea . The total length of Daugava is 1,020 km ( 633.7 mi . ) .
eos The total length of Daugava is 1,020 km ( 633.7 mi . ) . Daugava is connected by a canal with Berezina and Dnieper rivers .
eos Daugava is connected by a canal with Berezina and Dnieper rivers . Daugava is not to be confused with Northern Dvina . There are three hydroelectric dams on
eos Daugava is connected by a canal with Berezina and Dnieper rivers . Daugava is not to be confused with Northern Dvina . There are three hydroelectric dams on Daugava - Rīgas HES just upstream from Riga or 35 km from the mouth of
eos another 35 km further up or 70 km from the mouth , and Pļaviņu HES another 37 km upstream or 107 km from the mouth . A fourth one , Daugavpils HES , has been planned but has always faced strong criticism . Belarus currently plans to build several hydroelectric dams on the Belarusian part of
eos 
eos Dnieper_River ( also : Dnepr , Dniapro , or Dnipro ) is a river ( 2,290 km length )
eos Dnieper_River ( also : Dnepr , Dniapro , or Dnipro ) is a river ( 2,290 km length ) Dnieper_River flows from Russia , through Belarus and Ukraine , ending
eos Dnieper_River ( also : Dnepr , Dniapro , or Dnipro ) is a river ( 2,290 km length ) Dnieper_River flows from Russia , through Belarus and Ukraine , ending Dnieper_River flow in the Black Sea . In all three countries
eos Dnieper_River flows from Russia , through Belarus and Ukraine , ending Dnieper_River flow in the Black Sea . In all three countries Dnieper_River has essentially the same name , albeit pronounced differently , "" Russian : Днепр , Dnepr "" ; "" Belorussian : Дняпро , Dniapro "" ; "" Ukrainian : Дніпро , Dnipro "" .
eos Dnieper_River flows from Russia , through Belarus and Ukraine , ending Dnieper_River flow in the Black Sea . In all three countries Dnieper_River has essentially the same name , albeit pronounced differently , "" Russian : Днепр , Dnepr "" ; "" Belorussian : Дняпро , Dniapro "" ; "" Ukrainian : Дніпро , Dnipro "" . Dnieper_River is mentioned by the Ancient Greek historian Herodotus in the fifth century BC as Borysthenes ( Βορυσθένης ) ; the late Greek and Roman authors called
eos In all three countries Dnieper_River has essentially the same name , albeit pronounced differently , "" Russian : Днепр , Dnepr "" ; "" Belorussian : Дняпро , Dniapro "" ; "" Ukrainian : Дніпро , Dnipro "" . Dnieper_River is mentioned by the Ancient Greek historian Herodotus in the fifth century BC as Borysthenes ( Βορυσθένης ) ; the late Greek and Roman authors called Dnieper_River Δαναπρις - Danapris and Danaper respectively , Δανα in Old Persian mean river .
eos In all three countries Dnieper_River has essentially the same name , albeit pronounced differently , "" Russian : Днепр , Dnepr "" ; "" Belorussian : Дняпро , Dniapro "" ; "" Ukrainian : Дніпро , Dnipro "" . Dnieper_River is mentioned by the Ancient Greek historian Herodotus in the fifth century BC as Borysthenes ( Βορυσθένης ) ; the late Greek and Roman authors called Dnieper_River Δαναπρις - Danapris and Danaper respectively , Δανα in Old Persian mean river . Dnieper_River Old Slavic name used at times of Kievan Rus ' was Slavutich ` ` the Slavic ( river ) '' ; the Huns called
eos Dnieper_River is mentioned by the Ancient Greek historian Herodotus in the fifth century BC as Borysthenes ( Βορυσθένης ) ; the late Greek and Roman authors called Dnieper_River Δαναπρις - Danapris and Danaper respectively , Δανα in Old Persian mean river . Dnieper_River Old Slavic name used at times of Kievan Rus ' was Slavutich ` ` the Slavic ( river ) '' ; the Huns called Dnieper_River Var , and Bulgars - Buri - Chai
eos Dnieper_River Old Slavic name used at times of Kievan Rus ' was Slavutich ` ` the Slavic ( river ) '' ; the Huns called Dnieper_River Var , and Bulgars - Buri - Chai Dnieper_River finds
eos Dnieper_River finds Dnieper_River source in the Valday Hills of central Russia , and Dnieper_River runs south eventually flowing into the Black Sea . 115 kilometres of
eos Dnieper_River source in the Valday Hills of central Russia , and Dnieper_River runs south eventually flowing into the Black Sea . 115 kilometres of Dnieper_River length serve as a natural border between Belarus and Ukraine . Approximately the last 800 kilometres of
eos These reservoirs are : Kiev ( 922 km ² ) , Kaniv ( 582 km ² ) , Kremenchuk ( 2,252 km ² ) , Dniprodzerzhynsk ( 567 km ² ) , Zaporizhzhia ( 410 km ² ) , and Kakhovka ( 2,155 km ² ) . The dams forming these are used to generate hydroelectric power , providing around ten percent of Ukraine 's electricity .
eos The dams forming these are used to generate hydroelectric power , providing around ten percent of Ukraine 's electricity . Dnieper_River is connected with the Western Bug by the Dnieper - Bug Canal .
eos 
eos 
eos Don_River_Russia ( Дон ) is one of the major rivers of Russia .
eos Don_River_Russia ( Дон ) is one of the major rivers of Russia . Don_River_Russia rises near Tula , southeast of Moscow , and Don_River_Russia flows for a distance of about 1,950 km ( 1,220 miles ) to the Sea of Azov . From
eos Don_River_Russia ( Дон ) is one of the major rivers of Russia . Don_River_Russia rises near Tula , southeast of Moscow , and Don_River_Russia flows for a distance of about 1,950 km ( 1,220 miles ) to the Sea of Azov . From Don_River_Russia source ,
eos Don_River_Russia ( Дон ) is one of the major rivers of Russia . Don_River_Russia rises near Tula , southeast of Moscow , and Don_River_Russia flows for a distance of about 1,950 km ( 1,220 miles ) to the Sea of Azov . From Don_River_Russia source , Don_River_Russia first flows southeast to Voronezh , then southwest to
eos Don_River_Russia rises near Tula , southeast of Moscow , and Don_River_Russia flows for a distance of about 1,950 km ( 1,220 miles ) to the Sea of Azov . From Don_River_Russia source , Don_River_Russia first flows southeast to Voronezh , then southwest to Don_River_Russia mouth . The main city on
eos Don_River_Russia rises near Tula , southeast of Moscow , and Don_River_Russia flows for a distance of about 1,950 km ( 1,220 miles ) to the Sea of Azov . From Don_River_Russia source , Don_River_Russia first flows southeast to Voronezh , then southwest to Don_River_Russia mouth . The main city on Don_River_Russia is Rostov on Don ,
eos 
eos Fırat , Akkadian : Pu - rat - tu ) is the westernmost of the two great rivers that define Mesopotamia ( the other being the Tigris ) . In the Bible , God 's promise to Abraham and his descendants ( which also includes Isaac and Jacob ) of the promised land extends to
eos 
eos 
eos Gambia_River is a major river in Africa , running 1,130 km ( 700 miles ) from the Fouta Djallon plateau in north Guinea westward to the Atlantic Ocean at the city of Banjul .
eos Gambia_River is a major river in Africa , running 1,130 km ( 700 miles ) from the Fouta Djallon plateau in north Guinea westward to the Atlantic Ocean at the city of Banjul . Gambia_River is navigable for about half that length .
eos Gambia_River is a major river in Africa , running 1,130 km ( 700 miles ) from the Fouta Djallon plateau in north Guinea westward to the Atlantic Ocean at the city of Banjul . Gambia_River is navigable for about half that length . Gambia_River is known largely because of The Gambia , the smallest country in mainland Africa , which consists of little more than the downstream half of
eos Gambia_River is a major river in Africa , running 1,130 km ( 700 miles ) from the Fouta Djallon plateau in north Guinea westward to the Atlantic Ocean at the city of Banjul . Gambia_River is navigable for about half that length . Gambia_River is known largely because of The Gambia , the smallest country in mainland Africa , which consists of little more than the downstream half of Gambia_River and
eos Gambia_River is navigable for about half that length . Gambia_River is known largely because of The Gambia , the smallest country in mainland Africa , which consists of little more than the downstream half of Gambia_River and Gambia_River two banks . From the Fouta Djallon ,
eos Gambia_River is navigable for about half that length . Gambia_River is known largely because of The Gambia , the smallest country in mainland Africa , which consists of little more than the downstream half of Gambia_River and Gambia_River two banks . From the Fouta Djallon , Gambia_River runs northwest into the Tambacounda province of Senegal , where
eos Gambia_River is known largely because of The Gambia , the smallest country in mainland Africa , which consists of little more than the downstream half of Gambia_River and Gambia_River two banks . From the Fouta Djallon , Gambia_River runs northwest into the Tambacounda province of Senegal , where Gambia_River flows through the Parc National du Niokolo Koba , then Gambia_River is joined by the Nieri Ko and Koulountou before entering The Gambia at Fatoto . At this point Gambia_River runs generally west , but in a meandering course with a number of oxbows , and about 100 km from
eos Gambia_River is known largely because of The Gambia , the smallest country in mainland Africa , which consists of little more than the downstream half of Gambia_River and Gambia_River two banks . From the Fouta Djallon , Gambia_River runs northwest into the Tambacounda province of Senegal , where Gambia_River flows through the Parc National du Niokolo Koba , then Gambia_River is joined by the Nieri Ko and Koulountou before entering The Gambia at Fatoto . At this point
eos From the Fouta Djallon , Gambia_River runs northwest into the Tambacounda province of Senegal , where Gambia_River flows through the Parc National du Niokolo Koba , then Gambia_River is joined by the Nieri Ko and Koulountou before entering The Gambia at Fatoto . At this point Gambia_River runs generally west , but in a meandering course with a number of oxbows , and about 100 km from Gambia_River mouth
eos From the Fouta Djallon , Gambia_River runs northwest into the Tambacounda province of Senegal , where Gambia_River flows through the Parc National du Niokolo Koba , then Gambia_River is joined by the Nieri Ko and Koulountou before entering The Gambia at Fatoto . At this point Gambia_River runs generally west , but in a meandering course with a number of oxbows , and about 100 km from Gambia_River mouth Gambia_River gradually widens , to over 10 km wide where
eos At this point Gambia_River runs generally west , but in a meandering course with a number of oxbows , and about 100 km from Gambia_River mouth Gambia_River gradually widens , to over 10 km wide where Gambia_River meets the sea . Near the mouth of
eos 
eos "" IPA : / ˈgænʤiz / "" ; Gangā "" IPA : / ˈgəŋgaː / "" in most Indian languages ) ( Devanagari गंगा ) is a river of northern India and Bangladesh .
eos "" ; Gangā "" IPA : / ˈgəŋgaː / "" in most Indian languages ) ( Devanagari गंगा ) is a river of northern India and Bangladesh . Ganges_River has a long history of reverence in India and Ganges_River is worshipped by Hindus as a goddess .
eos Ganges_River has a long history of reverence in India and Ganges_River is worshipped by Hindus as a goddess . Ganges_River is often called the ` holy Ganga ' . The total length of
eos Ganges_River is often called the ` holy Ganga ' . The total length of Ganges_River is about 2,510 km ( 1,557 mi ) . Along with another river Yamuna ,
eos The total length of Ganges_River is about 2,510 km ( 1,557 mi ) . Along with another river Yamuna , Ganges_River forms a large and fertile basin , known as the Gangetic plains , stretching across north India and Bangladesh , and Ganges_River supports one of the highest densities of human population in the world . Indeed , about one in every 12 people on earth ( 8.5 % of world population ) live in
eos 
eos Godavari_River is the second largest river in India , originating near Trimbak in the Nashik Division in the Maharashtra state in India , just 80 km away from
eos Godavari_River is the second largest river in India , originating near Trimbak in the Nashik Division in the Maharashtra state in India , just 80 km away from Godavari_River destination , the Bay of Bengal .
eos Godavari_River is the second largest river in India , originating near Trimbak in the Nashik Division in the Maharashtra state in India , just 80 km away from Godavari_River destination , the Bay of Bengal . Godavari_River then flows through the states of Madhya Pradesh , Karnataka , Orissa and Andhra Pradesh .
eos Godavari_River then flows through the states of Madhya Pradesh , Karnataka , Orissa and Andhra Pradesh . Godavari_River is sacred to Hindus and Godavari_River has several pilgrimage centers on
eos 
eos Green_River_Utah is a tributary of the Colorado River , 730 mi ( 1,175 km ) long , in the western United States . The Green River Basin covers parts of Wyoming , Utah , and Colorado .
eos Green_River_Utah is a tributary of the Colorado River , 730 mi ( 1,175 km ) long , in the western United States . The Green River Basin covers parts of Wyoming , Utah , and Colorado . Green_River_Utah begins in the Wind River Mountains of Wyoming , and Green_River_Utah flows through Utah for much of
eos The Green River Basin covers parts of Wyoming , Utah , and Colorado . Green_River_Utah begins in the Wind River Mountains of Wyoming , and Green_River_Utah flows through Utah for much of Green_River_Utah course , draining the northeastern portion of the state while looping for 40 mi ( 64 km ) into western Colorado . Much of
eos Green_River_Utah begins in the Wind River Mountains of Wyoming , and Green_River_Utah flows through Utah for much of Green_River_Utah course , draining the northeastern portion of the state while looping for 40 mi ( 64 km ) into western Colorado . Much of Green_River_Utah route is through the Colorado Plateau , some of the most spectacular canyons in the United States .
eos 
eos Guaviare_River is a tributary of the Orinoco located in Colombia .
eos Guaviare_River is a tributary of the Orinoco located in Colombia . Guaviare_River has
eos Guaviare_River is a tributary of the Orinoco located in Colombia . Guaviare_River has Guaviare_River source in two other rivers , the Ariari and the Guayabero , which in turn have their own sources in the eastern part of the Andes . At 1,497 km long ,
eos Guaviare_River has Guaviare_River source in two other rivers , the Ariari and the Guayabero , which in turn have their own sources in the eastern part of the Andes . At 1,497 km long , Guaviare_River is the longest river on the Orinoco and Guaviare_River is navagatable for 630 km of
eos At 1,497 km long , Guaviare_River is the longest river on the Orinoco and Guaviare_River is navagatable for 630 km of Guaviare_River total length .
eos is navagatable for 630 km of Guaviare_River total length . Guaviare_River is considered the border between the Llanos and the Amazon Rainforest .
eos 
eos Darya - ye Helmand , Latin : Erymandrus ) is the longest river in Afghanistan .
eos Latin : Erymandrus ) is the longest river in Afghanistan . Helmand_River stretched 715 miles ( 1,150 km ) from the Hindu Kush mountains about 50 miles ( 80 km ) west of Kabul , Helmand_River crosses south - west through the desert , to the Seistan marshes and the Hamun - i - Helmand lake region around Zabol at the Afghan - Iranian border .
eos Latin : Erymandrus ) is the longest river in Afghanistan . Helmand_River stretched 715 miles ( 1,150 km ) from the Hindu Kush mountains about 50 miles ( 80 km ) west of Kabul , Helmand_River crosses south - west through the desert , to the Seistan marshes and the Hamun - i - Helmand lake region around Zabol at the Afghan - Iranian border . Helmand_River remains relatively salt - free for much of
eos Helmand_River stretched 715 miles ( 1,150 km ) from the Hindu Kush mountains about 50 miles ( 80 km ) west of Kabul , Helmand_River crosses south - west through the desert , to the Seistan marshes and the Hamun - i - Helmand lake region around Zabol at the Afghan - Iranian border . Helmand_River remains relatively salt - free for much of Helmand_River length , unlike most rivers with no outlet to the sea .
eos Helmand_River stretched 715 miles ( 1,150 km ) from the Hindu Kush mountains about 50 miles ( 80 km ) west of Kabul , Helmand_River crosses south - west through the desert , to the Seistan marshes and the Hamun - i - Helmand lake region around Zabol at the Afghan - Iranian border . Helmand_River remains relatively salt - free for much of Helmand_River length , unlike most rivers with no outlet to the sea . Helmand_River is used extensively for irrigation , although a buildup of mineral salts has decreased
eos Helmand_River remains relatively salt - free for much of Helmand_River length , unlike most rivers with no outlet to the sea . Helmand_River is used extensively for irrigation , although a buildup of mineral salts has decreased Helmand_River usefulness in watering crops .
eos Helmand_River remains relatively salt - free for much of Helmand_River length , unlike most rivers with no outlet to the sea . Helmand_River is used extensively for irrigation , although a buildup of mineral salts has decreased Helmand_River usefulness in watering crops . Helmand_River waters are essential for farmers in Afghanistan , but
eos Helmand_River is used extensively for irrigation , although a buildup of mineral salts has decreased Helmand_River usefulness in watering crops . Helmand_River waters are essential for farmers in Afghanistan , but Helmand_River feeds into Lake Hamun and Helmand_River is also important to farmers in Iran 's southeastern Sistan and Baluchistan province . A number of hydroelectric dams have created artificial reservoirs on some of the Afghanistan 's rivers including the Kajakai reservoir on
eos Helmand_River waters are essential for farmers in Afghanistan , but Helmand_River feeds into Lake Hamun and Helmand_River is also important to farmers in Iran 's southeastern Sistan and Baluchistan province . A number of hydroelectric dams have created artificial reservoirs on some of the Afghanistan 's rivers including the Kajakai reservoir on Helmand_River . The chief tributary of
eos 
eos Ili_River is a river in Kazakhstan and in the western part of the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region , in northwestern China .
eos Ili_River is a river in Kazakhstan and in the western part of the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region , in northwestern China . Ili_River is 1,439 km ( 870 miles ) long , 815 km of which in Kazakhstan .
eos Ili_River is a river in Kazakhstan and in the western part of the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region , in northwestern China . Ili_River is 1,439 km ( 870 miles ) long , 815 km of which in Kazakhstan . Ili_River takes
eos Ili_River is 1,439 km ( 870 miles ) long , 815 km of which in Kazakhstan . Ili_River takes Ili_River beginning in eastern Tian Shan from the Tekes and Kunes rivers .
eos Ili_River takes Ili_River beginning in eastern Tian Shan from the Tekes and Kunes rivers . Ili_River drains the basin between the Tian Shan the P ` o - lo - k ` o - nu Mountains to the north . Flowing into lake Balkhash
eos Ili_River drains the basin between the Tian Shan the P ` o - lo - k ` o - nu Mountains to the north . Flowing into lake Balkhash Ili_River forms an immense delta with vast wetland regions of lakes , marches and jungle - like vegetation . The Kapchagai Hydroelectric power station was built from 1965 to 1980 in the middle flow of
eos Flowing into lake Balkhash Ili_River forms an immense delta with vast wetland regions of lakes , marches and jungle - like vegetation . The Kapchagai Hydroelectric power station was built from 1965 to 1980 in the middle flow of Ili_River , forming the Kapchagay Reserve . Tamgaly , some 20 km downstream along
eos 
eos Tibetan : Sengge Chu ( ` Lion River ' ) ; Persian : Hindu ; Greek : Sinthos ; Pashto : Abaseen ( ` ` The Father of Rivers '' ) ; Mehran ( an older name ) ) is the longest and most important river in Pakistan . Originating in the Tibetan plateau in the vicinity of Lake Mansarovar ,
eos Sengge Chu ( ` Lion River ' ) ; Persian : Hindu ; Greek : Sinthos ; Pashto : Abaseen ( ` ` The Father of Rivers '' ) ; Mehran ( an older name ) ) is the longest and most important river in Pakistan . Originating in the Tibetan plateau in the vicinity of Lake Mansarovar , Indus_River runs a course through Jammu and Kashmir in both India and Northern Areas in Pakistan , and in a southernly direction along the entire length of India to merge into the Arabian Sea near the city of Karachi . The total length of
eos Originating in the Tibetan plateau in the vicinity of Lake Mansarovar , Indus_River runs a course through Jammu and Kashmir in both India and Northern Areas in Pakistan , and in a southernly direction along the entire length of India to merge into the Arabian Sea near the city of Karachi . The total length of Indus_River is 3200 km ( 1988 miles ) .
eos The total length of Indus_River is 3200 km ( 1988 miles ) . Indus_River has a total drainage area exceeding 450,000 square miles .
eos Indus_River has a total drainage area exceeding 450,000 square miles . Indus_River estimated annual flow stands at around 207 cubic kilometres . Beginning at the heights of the world with glaciers ,
eos Indus_River estimated annual flow stands at around 207 cubic kilometres . Beginning at the heights of the world with glaciers , Indus_River feeds the ecosystem of temperate forests , plains and arid countryside . Together with the rivers Chenab , Ravi , Sutlej , Jhelum , Beas and the extinct Sarasvati River ,
eos Beginning at the heights of the world with glaciers , Indus_River feeds the ecosystem of temperate forests , plains and arid countryside . Together with the rivers Chenab , Ravi , Sutlej , Jhelum , Beas and the extinct Sarasvati River , Indus_River forms the Sapta Sindhu ( ` ` Seven Rivers '' ) delta in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
eos Together with the rivers Chenab , Ravi , Sutlej , Jhelum , Beas and the extinct Sarasvati River , Indus_River forms the Sapta Sindhu ( ` ` Seven Rivers '' ) delta in the Sindh province of Pakistan . Indus_River has 20 major tributaries .
eos Indus_River has 20 major tributaries . Indus_River provides the key water resources for the economy of Pakistan - especially the breadbasket of Punjab province , which accounts for most of the nation 's agricultural production , and Sindh .
eos Indus_River provides the key water resources for the economy of Pakistan - especially the breadbasket of Punjab province , which accounts for most of the nation 's agricultural production , and Sindh . Indus_River also supports many heavy industries and Indus_River provides the main supply of potable water in Pakistan . The ultimate source of
eos Indus_River provides the key water resources for the economy of Pakistan - especially the breadbasket of Punjab province , which accounts for most of the nation 's agricultural production , and Sindh . Indus_River also supports many heavy industries and Indus_River provides the main supply of potable water in Pakistan . The ultimate source of Indus_River is actually in Tibet ;
eos Indus_River also supports many heavy industries and Indus_River provides the main supply of potable water in Pakistan . The ultimate source of Indus_River is actually in Tibet ; Indus_River begins at the confluence of the Sengge and Gar rivers that drain the Nganglong Kangri and Gangdise Shan mountain ranges .
eos The ultimate source of Indus_River is actually in Tibet ; Indus_River begins at the confluence of the Sengge and Gar rivers that drain the Nganglong Kangri and Gangdise Shan mountain ranges . Indus_River then flows northwest through Ladakh - Baltistan into Gilgit , just south of the Karakoram range . The Shyok , Shigar and Gilgit streams carry glacieral waters into
eos Indus_River then flows northwest through Ladakh - Baltistan into Gilgit , just south of the Karakoram range . The Shyok , Shigar and Gilgit streams carry glacieral waters into Indus_River .
eos The Shyok , Shigar and Gilgit streams carry glacieral waters into Indus_River . Indus_River gradually bends to the south , coming out of the hills between Peshawar and Rawalpindi .
eos The Shyok , Shigar and Gilgit streams carry glacieral waters into Indus_River . Indus_River gradually bends to the south , coming out of the hills between Peshawar and Rawalpindi . Indus_River passes gigantic gorges ( 15,000 - 17,000 feet ) near the Nanga Parbat massif
eos Indus_River gradually bends to the south , coming out of the hills between Peshawar and Rawalpindi . Indus_River passes gigantic gorges ( 15,000 - 17,000 feet ) near the Nanga Parbat massif Indus_River swiftly flows across Hazara , and Indus_River is dammed at the Tarbela Reservoir . The Kabul River joins
eos Indus_River passes gigantic gorges ( 15,000 - 17,000 feet ) near the Nanga Parbat massif Indus_River swiftly flows across Hazara , and Indus_River is dammed at the Tarbela Reservoir . The Kabul River joins Indus_River near Attock . The remainder of
eos Indus_River passes gigantic gorges ( 15,000 - 17,000 feet ) near the Nanga Parbat massif Indus_River swiftly flows across Hazara , and Indus_River is dammed at the Tarbela Reservoir . The Kabul River joins Indus_River near Attock . The remainder of Indus_River route to the sea is in plains of the Punjab and Sind , and
eos The Kabul River joins Indus_River near Attock . The remainder of Indus_River route to the sea is in plains of the Punjab and Sind , and Indus_River becomes slow - flowing and highly braided .
eos The remainder of Indus_River route to the sea is in plains of the Punjab and Sind , and Indus_River becomes slow - flowing and highly braided . Indus_River is joined by Panjnad River at Mithankot . Beyond this confluence ,
eos The remainder of Indus_River route to the sea is in plains of the Punjab and Sind , and Indus_River becomes slow - flowing and highly braided . Indus_River is joined by Panjnad River at Mithankot . Beyond this confluence , Indus_River , at one time , was named as Satnad River ( sat = seven , nadi = river ) as
eos The remainder of Indus_River route to the sea is in plains of the Punjab and Sind , and Indus_River becomes slow - flowing and highly braided . Indus_River is joined by Panjnad River at Mithankot . Beyond this confluence , Indus_River , at one time , was named as Satnad River ( sat = seven , nadi = river ) as Indus_River was now carrying the waters of Kabul River ,
eos Indus_River is joined by Panjnad River at Mithankot . Beyond this confluence , Indus_River , at one time , was named as Satnad River ( sat = seven , nadi = river ) as Indus_River was now carrying the waters of Kabul River , Indus_River and the five Punjab rivers . Passing by Hyderabad ,
eos Beyond this confluence , Indus_River , at one time , was named as Satnad River ( sat = seven , nadi = river ) as Indus_River was now carrying the waters of Kabul River , Indus_River and the five Punjab rivers . Passing by Hyderabad , Indus_River ends in a large delta to the east of Karachi .
eos Passing by Hyderabad , Indus_River ends in a large delta to the east of Karachi . Indus_River is , by volume , the largest exotic river ( one that mainly flows through a country from which it receives no water ) in the world .
eos Indus_River is , by volume , the largest exotic river ( one that mainly flows through a country from which it receives no water ) in the world . Indus_River is one of the few rivers in the world that exhibit a tidal bore .
eos Indus_River is one of the few rivers in the world that exhibit a tidal bore . Indus_River is largely fed by the snows and glaciers of the Karakoram , Hindu Kush and Himalayan ranges of Tibet , Kashmir and Northern Areas of Pakistan . The flow of
eos Indus_River is one of the few rivers in the world that exhibit a tidal bore . Indus_River is largely fed by the snows and glaciers of the Karakoram , Hindu Kush and Himalayan ranges of Tibet , Kashmir and Northern Areas of Pakistan . The flow of Indus_River is also determined by the seasons - it diminishes greatly in the winter , while flooding
eos Indus_River is largely fed by the snows and glaciers of the Karakoram , Hindu Kush and Himalayan ranges of Tibet , Kashmir and Northern Areas of Pakistan . The flow of Indus_River is also determined by the seasons - it diminishes greatly in the winter , while flooding Indus_River banks in the monsoon months from july to september . There is also evidence of a steady shift in the course of
eos Indus_River is largely fed by the snows and glaciers of the Karakoram , Hindu Kush and Himalayan ranges of Tibet , Kashmir and Northern Areas of Pakistan . The flow of Indus_River is also determined by the seasons - it diminishes greatly in the winter , while flooding Indus_River banks in the monsoon months from july to september . There is also evidence of a steady shift in the course of Indus_River since prehistoric times -
eos The flow of Indus_River is also determined by the seasons - it diminishes greatly in the winter , while flooding Indus_River banks in the monsoon months from july to september . There is also evidence of a steady shift in the course of Indus_River since prehistoric times - Indus_River deviated westwards from flowing into the Rann of Kutch .
eos 
eos Kolyma_River ( "" Russian : Колыма́ "" ) is a river in northeastern Siberia ,
eos Kolyma_River ( "" Russian : Колыма́ "" ) is a river in northeastern Siberia , Kolyma_River basin covers parts of the Sakha Republic , Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , and Magadan Oblast of Russia .
eos Kolyma_River ( "" Russian : Колыма́ "" ) is a river in northeastern Siberia , Kolyma_River basin covers parts of the Sakha Republic , Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , and Magadan Oblast of Russia . Kolyma_River empties into the East siberian sea , a division of the Arctic ocean .
eos Kolyma_River empties into the East siberian sea , a division of the Arctic ocean . Kolyma_River is frozen to depths of several metres for about 250 days each year , becoming free of ice only in early june , till october .
eos Kolyma_River empties into the East siberian sea , a division of the Arctic ocean . Kolyma_River is frozen to depths of several metres for about 250 days each year , becoming free of ice only in early june , till october . Kolyma_River is known for
eos Kolyma_River is frozen to depths of several metres for about 250 days each year , becoming free of ice only in early june , till october . Kolyma_River is known for Kolyma_River Gulag labour camps and gold mining , both of which have been extensively documented since Stalin era Soviet archives opened .
eos Kolyma_River is frozen to depths of several metres for about 250 days each year , becoming free of ice only in early june , till october . Kolyma_River is known for Kolyma_River Gulag labour camps and gold mining , both of which have been extensively documented since Stalin era Soviet archives opened . Kolyma_River gives
eos 
eos Kuskokwim_River is a river , approximately 650 mi ( 1,110 km ) long , in southwest Alaska in the United States .
eos Kuskokwim_River is a river , approximately 650 mi ( 1,110 km ) long , in southwest Alaska in the United States . Kuskokwim_River provides the principal drainage for an area of the remote Alaska Interior on the north and west side of the Alaska Range , flowing southwest into Kuskokwim Bay on the Bering Sea . Except for
eos Kuskokwim_River is a river , approximately 650 mi ( 1,110 km ) long , in southwest Alaska in the United States . Kuskokwim_River provides the principal drainage for an area of the remote Alaska Interior on the north and west side of the Alaska Range , flowing southwest into Kuskokwim Bay on the Bering Sea . Except for Kuskokwim_River headwaters in the mountains ,
eos Kuskokwim_River is a river , approximately 650 mi ( 1,110 km ) long , in southwest Alaska in the United States . Kuskokwim_River provides the principal drainage for an area of the remote Alaska Interior on the north and west side of the Alaska Range , flowing southwest into Kuskokwim Bay on the Bering Sea . Except for Kuskokwim_River headwaters in the mountains , Kuskokwim_River is broad and flat for
eos Kuskokwim_River is a river , approximately 650 mi ( 1,110 km ) long , in southwest Alaska in the United States . Kuskokwim_River provides the principal drainage for an area of the remote Alaska Interior on the north and west side of the Alaska Range , flowing southwest into Kuskokwim Bay on the Bering Sea . Except for Kuskokwim_River headwaters in the mountains , Kuskokwim_River is broad and flat for Kuskokwim_River entire course , making
eos 
eos Liard_River flows through the Yukon Territory , British Columbia and the Northwest Territories , Canada . Rising in the Pelly Mountains in south - eastern Yukon ,
eos Rising in the Pelly Mountains in south - eastern Yukon , Liard_River flows 1,115 km ( 693 miles ) southeast through British Columbia , marking the northern end of the Rocky Mountains and then curving northeast back into the Yukon and Northwest Territories , draining into the Mackenzie River at Fort Simpson , Northwest Territories .
eos southeast through British Columbia , marking the northern end of the Rocky Mountains and then curving northeast back into the Yukon and Northwest Territories , draining into the Mackenzie River at Fort Simpson , Northwest Territories . Liard_River drains approximately 277,100 square kilometres of boreal forest and muskeg . The area around
eos southeast through British Columbia , marking the northern end of the Rocky Mountains and then curving northeast back into the Yukon and Northwest Territories , draining into the Mackenzie River at Fort Simpson , Northwest Territories . Liard_River drains approximately 277,100 square kilometres of boreal forest and muskeg . The area around Liard_River in the Yukon Territory is called the Liard River Valley , and the Alaska Highway follows
eos southeast through British Columbia , marking the northern end of the Rocky Mountains and then curving northeast back into the Yukon and Northwest Territories , draining into the Mackenzie River at Fort Simpson , Northwest Territories . Liard_River drains approximately 277,100 square kilometres of boreal forest and muskeg . The area around Liard_River in the Yukon Territory is called the Liard River Valley , and the Alaska Highway follows Liard_River for part of
eos 
eos 
eos Magdalena_River is the principal river of Colombia , running about 1,540 kilometres ( 950 miles ) from South to North through the western half of the country .
eos Magdalena_River is the principal river of Colombia , running about 1,540 kilometres ( 950 miles ) from South to North through the western half of the country . Magdalena_River takes
eos Magdalena_River is the principal river of Colombia , running about 1,540 kilometres ( 950 miles ) from South to North through the western half of the country . Magdalena_River takes Magdalena_River name from the biblical figure , Mary Magdalene .
eos Magdalena_River is the principal river of Colombia , running about 1,540 kilometres ( 950 miles ) from South to North through the western half of the country . Magdalena_River takes Magdalena_River name from the biblical figure , Mary Magdalene . Magdalena_River is navigable through much of
eos Magdalena_River takes Magdalena_River name from the biblical figure , Mary Magdalene . Magdalena_River is navigable through much of Magdalena_River lower reaches .
eos Magdalena_River is navigable through much of Magdalena_River lower reaches . Magdalena_River headwaters are in the South of the country , where the Andean subranges Cordillera Central and Cordillera Oriental separate , in Huila Department .
eos Magdalena_River headwaters are in the South of the country , where the Andean subranges Cordillera Central and Cordillera Oriental separate , in Huila Department . Magdalena_River then runs east of north in a great valley between the two cordilleras .
eos 
eos Mekong is one of the world 's major rivers .
eos Mekong is one of the world 's major rivers . Mekong is the 10th - longest in the world , and the 10th - largest by volume ( discharging 475 km ³ of water annually ) .
eos Mekong is the 10th - longest in the world , and the 10th - largest by volume ( discharging 475 km ³ of water annually ) . Mekong estimated length is 4,909 km .
eos Mekong is the 10th - longest in the world , and the 10th - largest by volume ( discharging 475 km ³ of water annually ) . Mekong estimated length is 4,909 km . Mekong drains an area of 795,000 km ² : From Tibet
eos 
eos Narmada_River or Nerbudda is a river in central India in Indian subcontinent .
eos Narmada_River or Nerbudda is a river in central India in Indian subcontinent . Narmada_River forms the traditional boundary between North India and South India , and Narmada_River is a total of 1,289 km ( 801 mi ) long .
eos Narmada_River forms the traditional boundary between North India and South India , and Narmada_River is a total of 1,289 km ( 801 mi ) long . Narmada_River is one of only three major rivers in pensinsular India that run from east to west , along with the Tapti and the Mahi river .
eos Narmada_River forms the traditional boundary between North India and South India , and Narmada_River is a total of 1,289 km ( 801 mi ) long . Narmada_River is one of only three major rivers in pensinsular India that run from east to west , along with the Tapti and the Mahi river . Narmada_River is the only river in India
eos Narmada_River is one of only three major rivers in pensinsular India that run from east to west , along with the Tapti and the Mahi river . Narmada_River is the only river in India Narmada_River flows in a rift valley . Narmada_River rises on the summit of Amarkantak Hill in Madhya Pradesh state , and for the first 320 kilometres ( 200 miles ) of Narmada_River course Narmada_River winds among the Mandla Hills , which form the head of the Satpura Range ; then at Jabalpur , passing through the ` Marble Rocks ' ,
eos Narmada_River is one of only three major rivers in pensinsular India that run from east to west , along with the Tapti and the Mahi river . Narmada_River is the only river in India Narmada_River flows in a rift valley .
eos Narmada_River is one of only three major rivers in pensinsular India that run from east to west , along with the Tapti and the Mahi river . Narmada_River is the only river in India Narmada_River flows in a rift valley . Narmada_River rises on the summit of Amarkantak Hill in Madhya Pradesh state , and for the first 320 kilometres ( 200 miles ) of
eos Narmada_River is the only river in India Narmada_River flows in a rift valley . Narmada_River rises on the summit of Amarkantak Hill in Madhya Pradesh state , and for the first 320 kilometres ( 200 miles ) of Narmada_River course Narmada_River winds among the Mandla Hills , which form the head of the Satpura Range ; then at Jabalpur , passing through the ` Marble Rocks ' , Narmada_River enters the Narmada Valley between the Vindhya and Satpura ranges , and Narmada_River pursues a direct westerly course to the Gulf of Cambay .
eos Narmada_River flows through the states of Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , and Gujarat , and Narmada_River empties into the Arabian Sea in the Bharuch District of Gujarat . The Narmada Valley is a graben , a layered block of the earth 's crust that dropped down relative to the blocks on either side due to ancient spreading of the earth 's crust . Two normal faults , known as the Narmada North fault and Narmada South fault , parallel
eos The Narmada Valley is a graben , a layered block of the earth 's crust that dropped down relative to the blocks on either side due to ancient spreading of the earth 's crust . Two normal faults , known as the Narmada North fault and Narmada South fault , parallel Narmada_River course , and mark the boundary between the Narmada block and the Vindhya and Satpura blocks or horsts which rose relative to the Narmada Graben .
eos The Narmada valley is considered extremely important for paleontological studies in India . Several dinosaur fossils have been found in the area including Titanosaurus indicus found in 1877 by Richard Lydekker and the recently discovered Rajasaurus narmadensis .
eos Several dinosaur fossils have been found in the area including Titanosaurus indicus found in 1877 by Richard Lydekker and the recently discovered Rajasaurus narmadensis . Narmada_River is considered extremely holy by hindus . It is said that just the sight of
eos Narmada_River is considered extremely holy by hindus . It is said that just the sight of Narmada_River is enough to wash away all sins .
eos Narmada_River is considered extremely holy by hindus . It is said that just the sight of Narmada_River is enough to wash away all sins . Narmada_River has beautiful ghats built on
eos It is said that just the sight of Narmada_River is enough to wash away all sins . Narmada_River has beautiful ghats built on Narmada_River banks in Hoshangabad .
eos It is said that just the sight of Narmada_River is enough to wash away all sins . Narmada_River has beautiful ghats built on Narmada_River banks in Hoshangabad . Narmada_River longest tributary is the Tawa , which joins
eos Narmada_River has beautiful ghats built on Narmada_River banks in Hoshangabad . Narmada_River longest tributary is the Tawa , which joins Narmada_River at Bandra Bhan in Hoshangabad District , Madhya Pradesh . After leaving Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra ,
eos Narmada_River longest tributary is the Tawa , which joins Narmada_River at Bandra Bhan in Hoshangabad District , Madhya Pradesh . After leaving Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra , Narmada_River widens out in the fertile district of Bharuch . Below Bharuch city
eos Narmada_River longest tributary is the Tawa , which joins Narmada_River at Bandra Bhan in Hoshangabad District , Madhya Pradesh . After leaving Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra , Narmada_River widens out in the fertile district of Bharuch . Below Bharuch city Narmada_River forms a 20 kilometre wide estuary where
eos After leaving Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra , Narmada_River widens out in the fertile district of Bharuch . Below Bharuch city Narmada_River forms a 20 kilometre wide estuary where Narmada_River enters the Gulf of Cambay .
eos 
eos Niger_River is the principal river of western Africa , extending over 2500 miles ( about 4000 km ) .
eos Niger_River is the principal river of western Africa , extending over 2500 miles ( about 4000 km ) . Niger_River runs in a crescent through Guinea , Mali , Niger , on the border with Benin and then through Nigeria , discharging through a massive delta , known as the Oil Rivers , into the Gulf of Guinea .
eos Niger_River runs in a crescent through Guinea , Mali , Niger , on the border with Benin and then through Nigeria , discharging through a massive delta , known as the Oil Rivers , into the Gulf of Guinea . Niger_River is the third longest river in Africa , exceeded only by the Nile and the Congo River ( also known as the Zaïre River ) .
eos 
eos Nile ( "" Arabic : النيل "" , "" Arabic transliteration : an - nīl "" , Ancient Egyptian iteru ) is a major north - flowing river in Africa , often regarded as the longest river on Earth , although some sources claim the Amazon in South America is longer .
eos Nile ( "" Arabic : النيل "" , "" Arabic transliteration : an - nīl "" , Ancient Egyptian iteru ) is a major north - flowing river in Africa , often regarded as the longest river on Earth , although some sources claim the Amazon in South America is longer . Nile has two major tributaries , the White Nile and Blue Nile , the latter being the source of most of
eos The White Nile rises in the Great Lakes region of central Africa , with the most distant source in southern Rwanda 2 ° 16 ' 55.92 S , 29 ° 19 ' 52.32 E , and flows north from there through Tanzania , Lake Victoria , Uganda and southern Sudan , while the Blue Nile starts at Lake Tana in Ethiopia , flowing into Sudan from the southeast . The two rivers meet near the Sudanese capital Khartoum . The northern section of
eos The White Nile rises in the Great Lakes region of central Africa , with the most distant source in southern Rwanda 2 ° 16 ' 55.92 S , 29 ° 19 ' 52.32 E , and flows north from there through Tanzania , Lake Victoria , Uganda and southern Sudan , while the Blue Nile starts at Lake Tana in Ethiopia , flowing into Sudan from the southeast . The two rivers meet near the Sudanese capital Khartoum . The northern section of Nile flows almost entirely through desert , from Sudan into Egypt , a country whose civilization has depended on
eos The two rivers meet near the Sudanese capital Khartoum . The northern section of Nile flows almost entirely through desert , from Sudan into Egypt , a country whose civilization has depended on Nile since ancient times . Most of the population of Egypt and all of its cities , with the exception of those near the coast , lie along those parts of the Nile valley north of Aswan ; and nearly all the cultural and historical sites of Ancient Egypt are found along the banks of
eos The northern section of Nile flows almost entirely through desert , from Sudan into Egypt , a country whose civilization has depended on Nile since ancient times . Most of the population of Egypt and all of its cities , with the exception of those near the coast , lie along those parts of the Nile valley north of Aswan ; and nearly all the cultural and historical sites of Ancient Egypt are found along the banks of Nile .
eos 
eos North_Saskatchewan_River is a glacier - fed river flowing east from the Canadian Rockies to central Saskatchewan .
eos 
eos Okavango_River is a river in southwest Africa .
eos Okavango_River is a river in southwest Africa . Okavango_River is the fourth longest river system in southern Africa , running southeastward for 1,000 miles ( 1,600 km ) .
eos Okavango_River is a river in southwest Africa . Okavango_River is the fourth longest river system in southern Africa , running southeastward for 1,000 miles ( 1,600 km ) . Okavango_River begins in Angola , where
eos Okavango_River is the fourth longest river system in southern Africa , running southeastward for 1,000 miles ( 1,600 km ) . Okavango_River begins in Angola , where Okavango_River is known as the Cubango River . Further south
eos Okavango_River begins in Angola , where Okavango_River is known as the Cubango River . Further south Okavango_River forms part of the border between Angola and Namibia , and then Okavango_River flows into Botswana , draining into the Moremi Wildlife Reserve . Before Okavango_River enters Botswana , Okavango_River drops 4 meters , across the full 1.2km - width of Okavango_River , in a series of rapids known as Popa Falls , visible when
eos Okavango_River begins in Angola , where Okavango_River is known as the Cubango River . Further south Okavango_River forms part of the border between Angola and Namibia , and then Okavango_River flows into Botswana , draining into the Moremi Wildlife Reserve . Before
eos Okavango_River begins in Angola , where Okavango_River is known as the Cubango River . Further south Okavango_River forms part of the border between Angola and Namibia , and then Okavango_River flows into Botswana , draining into the Moremi Wildlife Reserve . Before Okavango_River enters Botswana ,
eos Okavango_River begins in Angola , where Okavango_River is known as the Cubango River . Further south Okavango_River forms part of the border between Angola and Namibia , and then Okavango_River flows into Botswana , draining into the Moremi Wildlife Reserve . Before Okavango_River enters Botswana , Okavango_River drops 4 meters , across the full 1.2km - width of
eos Further south Okavango_River forms part of the border between Angola and Namibia , and then Okavango_River flows into Botswana , draining into the Moremi Wildlife Reserve . Before Okavango_River enters Botswana , Okavango_River drops 4 meters , across the full 1.2km - width of Okavango_River , in a series of rapids known as Popa Falls , visible when Okavango_River is low , as during the dry season . Unusually ,
eos Before Okavango_River enters Botswana , Okavango_River drops 4 meters , across the full 1.2km - width of Okavango_River , in a series of rapids known as Popa Falls , visible when Okavango_River is low , as during the dry season . Unusually , Okavango_River does not have an outlet in the sea . Instead ,
eos Unusually , Okavango_River does not have an outlet in the sea . Instead , Okavango_River empties into a swamp in the Kalahari Desert , known as the Okavango Delta . Part of the
eos 
eos German : Oranjefluss or just Oranje ) , in the past also sometimes known as the Gariep or as the Grootrivier , is the major river of South Africa .
eos Oranjefluss or just Oranje ) , in the past also sometimes known as the Gariep or as the Grootrivier , is the major river of South Africa . Orange_River was first discovered by indigenous people but only explored by Europeans in 1760 and named after the House of Orange , which was the Stadhouder of Holland between 1777 - 79 . Another account of
eos Oranjefluss or just Oranje ) , in the past also sometimes known as the Gariep or as the Grootrivier , is the major river of South Africa . Orange_River was first discovered by indigenous people but only explored by Europeans in 1760 and named after the House of Orange , which was the Stadhouder of Holland between 1777 - 79 . Another account of Orange_River naming suggests that
eos Oranjefluss or just Oranje ) , in the past also sometimes known as the Gariep or as the Grootrivier , is the major river of South Africa . Orange_River was first discovered by indigenous people but only explored by Europeans in 1760 and named after the House of Orange , which was the Stadhouder of Holland between 1777 - 79 . Another account of Orange_River naming suggests that Orange_River may have been called after the supposedly orangy colour of
eos 
eos Orinoco is one of the longest rivers in South America at 2,410 km , ( 1,497.5 miles ) .
eos Orinoco is one of the longest rivers in South America at 2,410 km , ( 1,497.5 miles ) . Orinoco drainage basin , sometimes called the Orinoquia , covers 880,000 km ² , 23.7 % in Colombia with the rest in Venezuela .
eos Orinoco is one of the longest rivers in South America at 2,410 km , ( 1,497.5 miles ) . Orinoco drainage basin , sometimes called the Orinoquia , covers 880,000 km ² , 23.7 % in Colombia with the rest in Venezuela . Orinoco and
eos 
eos Ottawa_River ( French : Rivière des Outaouais ) defines for most of
eos Ottawa_River ( French : Rivière des Outaouais ) defines for most of Ottawa_River length the border between the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec .
eos Ottawa_River ( French : Rivière des Outaouais ) defines for most of Ottawa_River length the border between the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec . Ottawa_River rises from
eos ( French : Rivière des Outaouais ) defines for most of Ottawa_River length the border between the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec . Ottawa_River rises from Ottawa_River source in Lake Capimitchigama in the Laurentian mountains of central Quebec , Ottawa_River flows west to Lake Timiskaming where
eos Ottawa_River rises from Ottawa_River source in Lake Capimitchigama in the Laurentian mountains of central Quebec , Ottawa_River flows west to Lake Timiskaming where Ottawa_River reaches the Ontario border , then Ottawa_River flows southeast to Ottawa and Gatineau where
eos Ottawa_River flows west to Lake Timiskaming where Ottawa_River reaches the Ontario border , then Ottawa_River flows southeast to Ottawa and Gatineau where Ottawa_River tumbles over the Chaudière Falls and Ottawa_River further takes in the Rideau and Gatineau rivers .
eos , then Ottawa_River flows southeast to Ottawa and Gatineau where Ottawa_River tumbles over the Chaudière Falls and Ottawa_River further takes in the Rideau and Gatineau rivers . Ottawa_River drains into the Lake of Two Mountains and the Saint Lawrence River at Montreal . The total length of
eos , then Ottawa_River flows southeast to Ottawa and Gatineau where Ottawa_River tumbles over the Chaudière Falls and Ottawa_River further takes in the Rideau and Gatineau rivers . Ottawa_River drains into the Lake of Two Mountains and the Saint Lawrence River at Montreal . The total length of Ottawa_River is 1,271 km and
eos Following the retreat of the glaciers from this area at the end of the last ice age , the Ottawa River valley was flooded by an arm of the Atlantic Ocean known as the Champlain Sea . Fossil remains of marine life have been found in marine clay formed during that time . Sediment deposits from this period have resulted in areas of poor drainage and the presence of large bogs in some ancient channels of
eos The former site of the town of Lemieux , Ontario collapsed into the South Nation River in 1993 ; however , the residents had already been relocated due to the suspected instability of the earth in that location . Large numbers of Canada Geese , ducks , gulls and shorebirds take advantage of spring flooding and wetlands in the Ottawa River valley during migration . Ducks also overwinter in sections of
eos 
eos Parana_River ( Río Paraná in Spanish , Rio Paraná in Portuguese ) is a river in south central South America , running through Brazil , Paraguay and Argentina over a course of some 2,570 kilometers ( 1,600 miles ) . This length increases to 3,998 km ( 2,484 miles ) if the distance is counted from the headwaters of the Paranaiba River in Brazil .
eos 
eos Reno , Romansch : Rein , ) is one of the longest and most important rivers in Europe at 1,320 kilometres ( 820 miles ) , with an average discharge of more than 2,000 cubic meters per second . The name of
eos The name of Rhine comes from the Celtic Renos , literally ` ` that which flows '' , from the Proto - Indo - European root * rei - ( ` ` to flow , run '' ) , which is also the origin of the English verb ` ` to run '' and the Greek adage Πάντα ῥεῖ καὶ οὐδὲν μένει , ( everything flows , nothing stands still ) .
eos The name of Rhine comes from the Celtic Renos , literally ` ` that which flows '' , from the Proto - Indo - European root * rei - ( ` ` to flow , run '' ) , which is also the origin of the English verb ` ` to run '' and the Greek adage Πάντα ῥεῖ καὶ οὐδὲν μένει , ( everything flows , nothing stands still ) . Rhine and the Danube formed most of the northern frontier of the Roman Empire , and since those days
eos * rei - ( ` ` to flow , run '' ) , which is also the origin of the English verb ` ` to run '' and the Greek adage Πάντα ῥεῖ καὶ οὐδὲν μένει , ( everything flows , nothing stands still ) . Rhine and the Danube formed most of the northern frontier of the Roman Empire , and since those days Rhine has been a vital navigable waterway , carrying trade and goods deep inland .
eos Rhine and the Danube formed most of the northern frontier of the Roman Empire , and since those days Rhine has been a vital navigable waterway , carrying trade and goods deep inland . Rhine has also served as a defensive feature , and been the basis for regional and international borders . The many castles and prehistoric fortifications along
eos Rhine and the Danube formed most of the northern frontier of the Roman Empire , and since those days Rhine has been a vital navigable waterway , carrying trade and goods deep inland . Rhine has also served as a defensive feature , and been the basis for regional and international borders . The many castles and prehistoric fortifications along Rhine testify to
eos Rhine and the Danube formed most of the northern frontier of the Roman Empire , and since those days Rhine has been a vital navigable waterway , carrying trade and goods deep inland . Rhine has also served as a defensive feature , and been the basis for regional and international borders . The many castles and prehistoric fortifications along Rhine testify to Rhine importance as a waterway - river traffic could be stopped at these locations , usually for the purpose of collecting tolls , by the state controlling that portion of
eos 
eos Rio_Grande in the United States and as the Río Bravo ( or , more formally , the Río Bravo del Norte ) in Mexico ,
eos 
eos Salado_River ( in Spanish Río Salado , literally ` ` Salty River '' ) is a river
eos Salado_River ( in Spanish Río Salado , literally ` ` Salty River '' ) is a river Salado_River crosses several provinces of Argentina , flowing 1,500 kilometres from
eos Salado_River ( in Spanish Río Salado , literally ` ` Salty River '' ) is a river Salado_River crosses several provinces of Argentina , flowing 1,500 kilometres from Salado_River source in the Salta Province to end in the Paraná River , in the Santa Fe Province . Because
eos Salado_River ( in Spanish Río Salado , literally ` ` Salty River '' ) is a river Salado_River crosses several provinces of Argentina , flowing 1,500 kilometres from Salado_River source in the Salta Province to end in the Paraná River , in the Santa Fe Province . Because Salado_River origin ,
eos Salado_River ( in Spanish Río Salado , literally ` ` Salty River '' ) is a river Salado_River crosses several provinces of Argentina , flowing 1,500 kilometres from Salado_River source in the Salta Province to end in the Paraná River , in the Santa Fe Province . Because Salado_River origin , Salado_River flow varies widely within the year , and
eos Salado_River ( in Spanish Río Salado , literally ` ` Salty River '' ) is a river Salado_River crosses several provinces of Argentina , flowing 1,500 kilometres from Salado_River source in the Salta Province to end in the Paraná River , in the Santa Fe Province . Because Salado_River origin , Salado_River flow varies widely within the year , and Salado_River can dry out in some parts of
eos Salado_River crosses several provinces of Argentina , flowing 1,500 kilometres from Salado_River source in the Salta Province to end in the Paraná River , in the Santa Fe Province . Because Salado_River origin , Salado_River flow varies widely within the year , and Salado_River can dry out in some parts of Salado_River path during the winter . The only important tributary to
eos Salado_River crosses several provinces of Argentina , flowing 1,500 kilometres from Salado_River source in the Salta Province to end in the Paraná River , in the Santa Fe Province . Because Salado_River origin , Salado_River flow varies widely within the year , and Salado_River can dry out in some parts of Salado_River path during the winter . The only important tributary to Salado_River is the Horcones River , which is born in Salta as Cajón River , and joins
eos 
eos Selenga or Selenge ( Russian : Селенга́ ) is a river in Mongolia and Russia .
eos ( Russian : Селенга́ ) is a river in Mongolia and Russia . Selenga rises in the Khangay mountains under the name of Ider , and Selenga flows into Lake Baikal .
eos Selenga rises in the Khangay mountains under the name of Ider , and Selenga flows into Lake Baikal . Selenga length is 1024 km .
eos 
eos Shebelle_River ( with numerous spelling variations , including Shabele and Shabell , sometimes with Wabe or Webi prepended , Shabeelle in Somalia ) begins in the highlands of Ethiopia , and then Shebelle_River flows southeast into Somalia towards Mogadishu . Near Mogadishu
eos Shebelle_River ( with numerous spelling variations , including Shabele and Shabell , sometimes with Wabe or Webi prepended , Shabeelle in Somalia ) begins in the highlands of Ethiopia , and then Shebelle_River flows southeast into Somalia towards Mogadishu . Near Mogadishu Shebelle_River turns sharply southwest , where
eos Near Mogadishu Shebelle_River turns sharply southwest , where Shebelle_River follows the coast . Below Mogadishu
eos Shebelle_River turns sharply southwest , where Shebelle_River follows the coast . Below Mogadishu Shebelle_River becomes seasonal . Most years
eos Shebelle_River turns sharply southwest , where Shebelle_River follows the coast . Below Mogadishu Shebelle_River becomes seasonal . Most years Shebelle_River dries up near the mouth of the Jubba River , while in seasons of heavy rainfall
eos Below Mogadishu Shebelle_River becomes seasonal . Most years Shebelle_River dries up near the mouth of the Jubba River , while in seasons of heavy rainfall Shebelle_River actually reaches the Jubba and thus the Indian Ocean .
eos Most years Shebelle_River dries up near the mouth of the Jubba River , while in seasons of heavy rainfall Shebelle_River actually reaches the Jubba and thus the Indian Ocean . Shebelle_River name comes from the Somali language , ` ` Wabi Shabele '' meaning ` ` Leopard / Tiger River . '' According to the Statistical Abstract of Ethiopia for 1967/68 ,
eos Shebelle_River name comes from the Somali language , ` ` Wabi Shabele '' meaning ` ` Leopard / Tiger River . '' According to the Statistical Abstract of Ethiopia for 1967/68 , Shebelle_River is 1130 kilometers long , extending for 1000 kilometers inside Ethiopia and 130 inside Somalia .
eos Shebelle_River name comes from the Somali language , ` ` Wabi Shabele '' meaning ` ` Leopard / Tiger River . '' According to the Statistical Abstract of Ethiopia for 1967/68 , Shebelle_River is 1130 kilometers long , extending for 1000 kilometers inside Ethiopia and 130 inside Somalia . Shebelle_River gives
eos According to the Statistical Abstract of Ethiopia for 1967/68 , Shebelle_River is 1130 kilometers long , extending for 1000 kilometers inside Ethiopia and 130 inside Somalia . Shebelle_River gives Shebelle_River name to the Somali administrative regions of Middle Shabele and Lower Shabele . In the past , the area of
eos 
eos Tennessee_River is the largest tributary of the Ohio River .
eos Tennessee_River is the largest tributary of the Ohio River . Tennessee_River is approximately 650 miles ( 1,046 km ) long and Tennessee_River is located in the southeastern United States in the Tennessee Valley .
eos 
eos Tiete_River ( Portuguese : Rio Tietê ) is a river in the Brazilian state of São Paulo .
eos Tiete_River ( Portuguese : Rio Tietê ) is a river in the Brazilian state of São Paulo . Tiete_River runs for 700 miles before joining the Paraná River , making
eos ( Portuguese : Rio Tietê ) is a river in the Brazilian state of São Paulo . Tiete_River runs for 700 miles before joining the Paraná River , making Tiete_River around the 130th longest river in the world .
eos Tiete_River runs for 700 miles before joining the Paraná River , making Tiete_River around the 130th longest river in the world . Tiete_River spring is located on the municipality of Salesópolis , in Serra do Mar. . Although Salesópolis is only 22 km to the ocean , the slope forces
eos 
eos Tigris is the eastern member of the pair of great rivers that define Mesopotamia , along with the Euphrates ,
eos 
eos Tobol_River ( "" Russian : Тобол "" ) is a river in Kazakhstan and Kurgan and Tyumen Oblasts in Russia , left tributary of the Irtysh . The length of
eos Tobol_River ( "" Russian : Тобол "" ) is a river in Kazakhstan and Kurgan and Tyumen Oblasts in Russia , left tributary of the Irtysh . The length of Tobol_River is 1591 km . The area of
eos The length of Tobol_River is 1591 km . The area of Tobol_River drainage basin is 426,000 sq km . The lower reaches of
eos The area of Tobol_River drainage basin is 426,000 sq km . The lower reaches of Tobol_River freeze up in late october - november , the upper reaches - in november .
eos The lower reaches of Tobol_River freeze up in late october - november , the upper reaches - in november . Tobol_River stays under the ice until the second half of april - early May .
eos The lower reaches of Tobol_River freeze up in late october - november , the upper reaches - in november . Tobol_River stays under the ice until the second half of april - early May . Tobol_River is navigable within 437 km from
eos 
eos Vaal_River is the largest tributary of the Orange River in South Africa .
eos Vaal_River is the largest tributary of the Orange River in South Africa . Vaal_River has
eos Vaal_River is the largest tributary of the Orange River in South Africa . Vaal_River has Vaal_River source in the Drakensberg mountains in Mpumalanga , east of Johannesburg , and Vaal_River flows southwest to
eos Vaal_River is the largest tributary of the Orange River in South Africa . Vaal_River has Vaal_River source in the Drakensberg mountains in Mpumalanga , east of Johannesburg , and Vaal_River flows southwest to Vaal_River conjunction with the Orange River southwest of Kimberley in the Northern Cape .
eos Vaal_River is the largest tributary of the Orange River in South Africa . Vaal_River has Vaal_River source in the Drakensberg mountains in Mpumalanga , east of Johannesburg , and Vaal_River flows southwest to Vaal_River conjunction with the Orange River southwest of Kimberley in the Northern Cape . Vaal_River is 1120 km in length , and Vaal_River forms the border between Mpumalanga , Gauteng and North West Province on
eos Vaal_River is the largest tributary of the Orange River in South Africa . Vaal_River has Vaal_River source in the Drakensberg mountains in Mpumalanga , east of Johannesburg , and Vaal_River flows southwest to Vaal_River conjunction with the Orange River southwest of Kimberley in the Northern Cape . Vaal_River is 1120 km in length , and Vaal_River forms the border between Mpumalanga , Gauteng and North West Province on Vaal_River north bank , and the Free State on
eos 
eos Vistula ( "" Polish : Wisła "" ) is the longest river in Poland .
eos Vistula is 1,047 kilometers ( 678 miles ) long and Vistula drains an area of 194,424 km ² ( 75,067 sq . miles ) , of which 168,699 km ² ( 65,135 sq . miles ) lies within Poland ( over half the area of the country ) .
eos Vistula is 1,047 kilometers ( 678 miles ) long and Vistula drains an area of 194,424 km ² ( 75,067 sq . miles ) , of which 168,699 km ² ( 65,135 sq . miles ) lies within Poland ( over half the area of the country ) . Vistula has
eos Vistula is 1,047 kilometers ( 678 miles ) long and Vistula drains an area of 194,424 km ² ( 75,067 sq . miles ) , of which 168,699 km ² ( 65,135 sq . miles ) lies within Poland ( over half the area of the country ) . Vistula has Vistula source in the south of the country , at Barania Góra ( 1220 m high ) in the Beskidy Mountains where
eos ( 75,067 sq . miles ) , of which 168,699 km ² ( 65,135 sq . miles ) lies within Poland ( over half the area of the country ) . Vistula has Vistula source in the south of the country , at Barania Góra ( 1220 m high ) in the Beskidy Mountains where Vistula starts with the White Little Vistula ( Biała Wisełka ) and the Black Little Vistula ( Czarna Wisełka ) .
eos ( 75,067 sq . miles ) , of which 168,699 km ² ( 65,135 sq . miles ) lies within Poland ( over half the area of the country ) . Vistula has Vistula source in the south of the country , at Barania Góra ( 1220 m high ) in the Beskidy Mountains where Vistula starts with the White Little Vistula ( Biała Wisełka ) and the Black Little Vistula ( Czarna Wisełka ) . Vistula then continues to flow over the vast Polish plains , passing several large Polish cities along
eos Vistula has Vistula source in the south of the country , at Barania Góra ( 1220 m high ) in the Beskidy Mountains where Vistula starts with the White Little Vistula ( Biała Wisełka ) and the Black Little Vistula ( Czarna Wisełka ) . Vistula then continues to flow over the vast Polish plains , passing several large Polish cities along Vistula way , including Kraków , Sandomierz , Warsaw , Płock , Włocławek , Toruń , Świecie , Tczew and Gdańsk . With a delta and several branches ( Leniwka , Przekop , Śmiała Wisła , Martwa Wisła , Nogat and Szkarpawa )
eos 
eos Volga_River , widely viewed as the national river of Russia , flows through the western part of the country .
eos Volga_River , widely viewed as the national river of Russia , flows through the western part of the country . Volga_River is Europe 's longest river , with a length of 3,690 km ( 2,293 miles ) , and Volga_River forms the core of the largest river system in Europe . Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along
eos 
eos Si Kiang , lit . ` ` West River '' ) is the western tributary of Pearl River in southern China . The other two main tributaries of Pearl River are Dongjiang River and Beijiang River . Many parts of
eos The other two main tributaries of Pearl River are Dongjiang River and Beijiang River . Many parts of Xijiang_River are navigable .
eos Xijiang_River is the largest of the tributaries , being 2,197 km . Other transliterations include Hsi River and Hsi Chiang .
eos 
eos Yalong_River ( also called Ya - lung River ) is an 822 miles ( 1,323 kilometers ) long river in the Sichuan province of southern China .
eos 
eos Yamuna ( sometimes called Jamuna ) is a major river of northern India , with a total length of around 1370 km .
eos Yamuna ( sometimes called Jamuna ) is a major river of northern India , with a total length of around 1370 km . Yamuna is the largest tributary of the Ganga .
eos Yamuna is the largest tributary of the Ganga . Yamuna source is at Yamunotri , in the Uttaranchal Himalaya , which is north of Haridwar in the Himalayan Mountains .
eos Yamuna source is at Yamunotri , in the Uttaranchal Himalaya , which is north of Haridwar in the Himalayan Mountains . Yamuna flows through the states of Delhi , Haryana and Uttar Pradesh , before merging with the Ganges at Allahabad . The cities of Delhi , Mathura and Agra lie on
eos Yamuna flows through the states of Delhi , Haryana and Uttar Pradesh , before merging with the Ganges at Allahabad . The cities of Delhi , Mathura and Agra lie on Yamuna banks . The major tributaries of
eos The cities of Delhi , Mathura and Agra lie on Yamuna banks . The major tributaries of Yamuna are the Tons , Chambal , Betwa , Sindh and Ken ; with the Tons being the largest .
eos 
eos Pinyin : Cháng Jiāng "" ) listen is the longest river in Asia and the third longest in the world after the Nile in Africa and the Amazon in South America .
eos Pinyin : Cháng Jiāng "" ) listen is the longest river in Asia and the third longest in the world after the Nile in Africa and the Amazon in South America . Yangtze_River is about 6,211 km long and Yangtze_River flows from
eos Cháng Jiāng "" ) listen is the longest river in Asia and the third longest in the world after the Nile in Africa and the Amazon in South America . Yangtze_River is about 6,211 km long and Yangtze_River flows from Yangtze_River source in Qinghai Province in western China , eastwards into the East China Sea .
eos 
eos Yellow_River ( "" Traditional Chinese : 黃河 , Simplified Chinese : 黄河 , Pinyin : Huáng Hélisten , Wade - Giles : Hwang - ho "" , sometimes simply called the River in ancient Chinese ) is the second longest river in China ( after Yangtze River ) and the fifth in the world .
eos Hwang - ho "" , sometimes simply called the River in ancient Chinese ) is the second longest river in China ( after Yangtze River ) and the fifth in the world . Yellow_River is 5464 km long . Originated from the Bayankala Mountains in Qinghai Province in western China ,
eos Originated from the Bayankala Mountains in Qinghai Province in western China , Yellow_River flows through nine provinces of China and Yellow_River finally empties into the Bohai Sea . The Yellow River basin has an east - west distance of 1900 km and north - south distance of 1100 km , total basin area 752443 km ² . The middle stream of
eos The Yellow River basin has an east - west distance of 1900 km and north - south distance of 1100 km , total basin area 752443 km ² . The middle stream of Yellow_River passes through Loess Plateau with substantial erosion taking place . The large amount of mud and sand discharged into
eos The Yellow River basin has an east - west distance of 1900 km and north - south distance of 1100 km , total basin area 752443 km ² . The middle stream of Yellow_River passes through Loess Plateau with substantial erosion taking place . The large amount of mud and sand discharged into Yellow_River makes
eos The middle stream of Yellow_River passes through Loess Plateau with substantial erosion taking place . The large amount of mud and sand discharged into Yellow_River makes Yellow_River the most sediment - laden river in the world . The recorded highest annual level of silts discharged into
eos The recorded highest annual level of silts discharged into Yellow_River is 3.91 billion tons ( 1933 ) . Highest silt concentration level is recorded in 1977 with 920 kg / m ³ . These sediments later deposit in the slower lower reaches of
eos Highest silt concentration level is recorded in 1977 with 920 kg / m ³ . These sediments later deposit in the slower lower reaches of Yellow_River , elevating the river bed and creating the famous ` ` river above ground '' . In Kaifeng ,
eos These sediments later deposit in the slower lower reaches of Yellow_River , elevating the river bed and creating the famous ` ` river above ground '' . In Kaifeng , Yellow_River is forty meters above the ground level .
eos Yellow_River is called the ` ` Mother River of China '' and ` ` the Cradle of Chinese Civilization '' in China , as the Yellow River basin is the birth - place of the northern Chinese civilizations and the most prosperous region in the early Chinese history . However , the frequent devastating flooding , largely due to the elevated river bed in
eos Yellow_River is called the ` ` Mother River of China '' and ` ` the Cradle of Chinese Civilization '' in China , as the Yellow River basin is the birth - place of the northern Chinese civilizations and the most prosperous region in the early Chinese history . However , the frequent devastating flooding , largely due to the elevated river bed in Yellow_River lower course , has also earned
eos 
eos Yukon_River is a major watercourse of northwestern North America . Over half of
eos Yukon_River is a major watercourse of northwestern North America . Over half of Yukon_River lies in the US state of Alaska , with the other portion lying in and giving
eos Yukon_River is a major watercourse of northwestern North America . Over half of Yukon_River lies in the US state of Alaska , with the other portion lying in and giving Yukon_River name to Canada 's Yukon Territory .
eos The total drainage area is 832,700 km ² ( 321,500 mi ² ) , of which 323,800 km ² ( 126,300 mi ² ) is in Canada . By comparison , the total area is more than 25 % larger than Texas or Alberta . The longest river in Alaska and the Yukon Territory ,
eos By comparison , the total area is more than 25 % larger than Texas or Alberta . The longest river in Alaska and the Yukon Territory , Yukon_River was one of the principal means of transportation during the 1896 - 1903 Klondike Gold Rush . Paddle - wheel riverboats continued to ply
eos Paddle - wheel riverboats continued to ply Yukon_River until the 1950s , when the Klondike Highway was completed . Yukon means ` ` great river '' in Gwich ` in .
eos Yukon means ` ` great river '' in Gwich ` in . Yukon_River was called Kwiguk , or ` ` large stream '' , in Yupik . The Lewes River is the former name of the upper course of
