is the largest city and former capital of Côte d'Ivoire . Abidjan is the commercial and banking center of Côte d'Ivoire as well as the de facto capital . ( Yamoussoukro is the official capital . ) eos
is the commercial and banking center of Côte d'Ivoire as well as the de facto capital . ( Yamoussoukro is the official capital . ) Abidjan stands in Ébrié Lagoon on several converging peninsulas and islands , connected by bridges . eos
stands in Ébrié Lagoon on several converging peninsulas and islands , connected by bridges . There are an estimated 4 to 5 million inhabitants in the metropolitan area . Abidjan is a study in contrasts . eos
is a study in contrasts . On one hand Abidjan is hot and humid , congested and full of street hawkers . On the other hand , Abidjan is referred to as the ` ` Paris of West Africa '' because of Abidjan parks , broad boulevards , universities , exotic fashions and museums . eos
is hot and humid , congested and full of street hawkers . On the other hand , Abidjan is referred to as the ` ` Paris of West Africa '' because of Abidjan parks , broad boulevards , universities , exotic fashions and museums . Neighborhoods include Cocody , an upscale residential area located east of the modern business district , and Treichville , located southward on Petit - Bassam Island , with its busy traditional market . eos
is referred to as the ` ` Paris of West Africa '' because of Abidjan parks , broad boulevards , universities , exotic fashions and museums . Neighborhoods include Cocody , an upscale residential area located east of the modern business district , and Treichville , located southward on Petit - Bassam Island , with its busy traditional market . Banco National Park lies north of Abidjan . eos
parks , broad boulevards , universities , exotic fashions and museums . Neighborhoods include Cocody , an upscale residential area located east of the modern business district , and Treichville , located southward on Petit - Bassam Island , with its busy traditional market . Banco National Park lies north of Abidjan . eos
. Abidjan harbors numerous government departments . Abidjan is also the hub of the national road system and the terminus of the Abidjan - Niger Railway , which extends northward into Burkina Faso . eos
harbors numerous government departments . Abidjan is also the hub of the national road system and the terminus of the Abidjan - Niger Railway , which extends northward into Burkina Faso . Since the start of the Ivorian Civil War in 2002 , insecurity in Abidjan has risen , with frequent riots targeting foreigners as well as a sharp increase in criminality . eos
is also the hub of the national road system and the terminus of the Abidjan - Niger Railway , which extends northward into Burkina Faso . Since the start of the Ivorian Civil War in 2002 , insecurity in Abidjan has risen , with frequent riots targeting foreigners as well as a sharp increase in criminality . Once one of the wealthiest and most peaceful cities in Africa , Abidjan is now considered one of the most dangerous cities on the continent . eos
has risen , with frequent riots targeting foreigners as well as a sharp increase in criminality . Once one of the wealthiest and most peaceful cities in Africa , Abidjan is now considered one of the most dangerous cities on the continent . eos
is now considered one of the most dangerous cities on the continent . eos
is also a city of the same name within the Emirate that is the capital of the country , in north central UAE . Abu_Dhabi lies on a T - shaped island jutting into the Persian Gulf from the central western coast . An estimated 1,000,000 people lived there in 2000 , with about an 80 % expatriate population . eos
lies on a T - shaped island jutting into the Persian Gulf from the central western coast . An estimated 1,000,000 people lived there in 2000 , with about an 80 % expatriate population . Abu_Dhabi is located at 244667 eos
is located at 244667 N 543667 E The Emirate has approximately 70 % of the country 's entire wealth . eos
, population 1,970,400 ( 2005 ) , is the capital of Ghana . Accra is Ghana 's largest city and its administrative , communications , and economic center . The primary economic activities are financial and other services , agriculture , fishing , and manufacturing such as processed food , lumber and plywood , textiles , clothing , and chemicals . eos
is Ghana 's largest city and its administrative , communications , and economic center . The primary economic activities are financial and other services , agriculture , fishing , and manufacturing such as processed food , lumber and plywood , textiles , clothing , and chemicals . Accra is located at 5 ° 30 ' North , 0 ° 10 ' West ( 5.5 , -0.1667 ) . eos
is located at 5 ° 30 ' North , 0 ° 10 ' West ( 5.5 , -0.1667 ) . Accra sits nears the Greenwich Meridian in the Accra Metropolitan Area , in the Greater Accra Region . eos
sits nears the Greenwich Meridian in the Accra Metropolitan Area , in the Greater Accra Region . eos
( sometimes spelled Addis Abeba , the spelling used officially by the Ethiopian Mapping Institute ; Amharic ዲስ ባ , Āddīs Ābebā ` ` new flower '' ; Oromo Finfinne ) is the capital city of Ethiopia and the African Union , as well as its predecessor , the OAU . As a chartered city ( ras gez astedader ) , Addis_Ababa has the status of both a city and a state . eos
has the status of both a city and a state . Addis_Ababa has as many as 80 nationalities speaking 80 languages , and Christian , Muslim , and Jewish communities . Addis_Ababa is located about 2,500 m above sea level at ) . eos
has as many as 80 nationalities speaking 80 languages , and Christian , Muslim , and Jewish communities . Addis_Ababa is located about 2,500 m above sea level at ) . The site was chosen by Empress Taytu Betul and Addis_Ababa was founded in 1886 by her husband , Emperor Menelik II , and Addis_Ababa now has a population of around four million , and an eight per cent annual growth rate . eos
is located about 2,500 m above sea level at ) . The site was chosen by Empress Taytu Betul and Addis_Ababa was founded in 1886 by her husband , Emperor Menelik II , and Addis_Ababa now has a population of around four million , and an eight per cent annual growth rate . Addis_Ababa lies at the foot of Mount Entoto , and Addis_Ababa is home to Addis Ababa University . eos
was founded in 1886 by her husband , Emperor Menelik II , and Addis_Ababa now has a population of around four million , and an eight per cent annual growth rate . Addis_Ababa lies at the foot of Mount Entoto , and Addis_Ababa is home to Addis Ababa University . Addis Ababa University was formerly known as Haile Selassie I University , after the former Emperor of Ethiopia , who donated his Guenete Leul Palace to be the University main campus in 1961 . eos
now has a population of around four million , and an eight per cent annual growth rate . Addis_Ababa lies at the foot of Mount Entoto , and Addis_Ababa is home to Addis Ababa University . Addis Ababa University was formerly known as Haile Selassie I University , after the former Emperor of Ethiopia , who donated his Guenete Leul Palace to be the University main campus in 1961 . eos
lies at the foot of Mount Entoto , and Addis_Ababa is home to Addis Ababa University . Addis Ababa University was formerly known as Haile Selassie I University , after the former Emperor of Ethiopia , who donated his Guenete Leul Palace to be the University main campus in 1961 . eos
is home to Addis Ababa University . Addis Ababa University was formerly known as Haile Selassie I University , after the former Emperor of Ethiopia , who donated his Guenete Leul Palace to be the University main campus in 1961 . eos
( "" Gujarati : અમદાવાદ eos
was the epicentre of many campaigns of civil disobedience to promote workers ' rights , civil rights and political independence . With the creation of the state of Gujarat in 1960 , Ahmedabad gained prominence as the political and commercial capital of the state . Once characterised by dusty roads and bungalows , Ahmedabad is witnessing a major construction boom and population increase . eos
gained prominence as the political and commercial capital of the state . Once characterised by dusty roads and bungalows , Ahmedabad is witnessing a major construction boom and population increase . A rising centre of education , information technology and scientific industries , Ahmedabad remains the cultural and commercial heart of Gujarat , and much of western India . eos
is witnessing a major construction boom and population increase . A rising centre of education , information technology and scientific industries , Ahmedabad remains the cultural and commercial heart of Gujarat , and much of western India . Since 2000 , Ahmedabad has been transformed through the construction of skyscrapers , shopping malls and multiplexes . eos
remains the cultural and commercial heart of Gujarat , and much of western India . Since 2000 , Ahmedabad has been transformed through the construction of skyscrapers , shopping malls and multiplexes . However , this progress has been marred by natural calamities , political instability and outbreaks of communal violence . eos
has been transformed through the construction of skyscrapers , shopping malls and multiplexes . However , this progress has been marred by natural calamities , political instability and outbreaks of communal violence . eos
( Алматы ; formerly known as Alma - Ata , also Vernyj , Vyernyi ( Верный ) in Imperial Russia ) is the largest city in Kazakhstan , with a population of 1,185,900 ( 2004 ) ( 8 % of the population of Kazakhstan ) citizens . The name ` ` Almaty '' means ` ` appled '' ( the place with apples ) , eos
name , Alma - Ata , literally means ` ` father - apple '' . In the surrounding region , unrivalled genetic diversity among the alma , the wild apples , implies that south - east Kazakhstan is where the domesticated apple is native . A troop of Siberian Cossacks from Omsk founded Almaty in 1854 at the foot of the Tian Shan mountain range , and renamed Almaty one year later to Vernyj , a name that remained until 1921 . eos
in 1854 at the foot of the Tian Shan mountain range , and renamed Almaty one year later to Vernyj , a name that remained until 1921 . In 1921 , the name Alma - Ata ( ` ` father - apple '' ) was created by the Bolsheviks . In a devastating earthquake in 1911 , almost the only large building that remained standing was the Russian Orthodox cathedral . eos
one year later to Vernyj , a name that remained until 1921 . In 1921 , the name Alma - Ata ( ` ` father - apple '' ) was created by the Bolsheviks . In a devastating earthquake in 1911 , almost the only large building that remained standing was the Russian Orthodox cathedral . eos
, as it was then known , became a major stopping point along the track . In 1929 , Almaty became the capital of the Kazakh SSR . In late 1991 , Almaty became the capital of the Republic of Kazakhstan , a designation Almaty kept until 1998 , when the capital was moved to Astana . eos
became the capital of the Kazakh SSR . In late 1991 , Almaty became the capital of the Republic of Kazakhstan , a designation Almaty kept until 1998 , when the capital was moved to Astana . Almaty , however , remains the largest city in Kazakhstan and the country 's major commercial center . eos
became the capital of the Republic of Kazakhstan , a designation Almaty kept until 1998 , when the capital was moved to Astana . Almaty , however , remains the largest city in Kazakhstan and the country 's major commercial center . In 2005 , Almaty launched an Olympic application to host the XXII Olympic Winter Games in the year 2014 , which failed , as the IOC did not select Almaty as a candidate . eos
kept until 1998 , when the capital was moved to Astana . Almaty , however , remains the largest city in Kazakhstan and the country 's major commercial center . In 2005 , Almaty launched an Olympic application to host the XXII Olympic Winter Games in the year 2014 , which failed , as the IOC did not select Almaty as a candidate . eos
, however , remains the largest city in Kazakhstan and the country 's major commercial center . In 2005 , Almaty launched an Olympic application to host the XXII Olympic Winter Games in the year 2014 , which failed , as the IOC did not select Almaty as a candidate . A short bus ride into the Tian Shan Mountains brings one to Medeo , a popular tourist destination , with several hotels and an Olympic - size skating rink . eos
launched an Olympic application to host the XXII Olympic Winter Games in the year 2014 , which failed , as the IOC did not select Almaty as a candidate . A short bus ride into the Tian Shan Mountains brings one to Medeo , a popular tourist destination , with several hotels and an Olympic - size skating rink . On 21 december , 1991 , the Charter that ended the Soviet Union creating the Commonwealth of Independent States was signed there . eos
as a candidate . A short bus ride into the Tian Shan Mountains brings one to Medeo , a popular tourist destination , with several hotels and an Olympic - size skating rink . On 21 december , 1991 , the Charter that ended the Soviet Union creating the Commonwealth of Independent States was signed there . eos
, sometimes spelled Ammann ( Arabic عمان ʿAmmān ) , is the capital city of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan , a city of more than 1.6 million inhabitants ( 2000 ) , and the administrative capital and commercial centre of Jordan . Amman is the capital city of Amman Governorate . eos
is the capital city of Amman Governorate . eos
, the official capital of the Netherlands , lies on the banks of two bodies of water , the IJ bay and the Amstel river . Founded in the late 12th century as a small fishing village on the banks of the Amstel , Amsterdam is now the largest city in the country and Amsterdam is a financial and cultural centre . As of august 1 , 2006 , the population of Amsterdam is 741,329 ; the population of the greater Amsterdam area is approximately 1.5 million . eos
is now the largest city in the country and Amsterdam is a financial and cultural centre . As of august 1 , 2006 , the population of Amsterdam is 741,329 ; the population of the greater Amsterdam area is approximately 1.5 million . Amsterdam is also one of the core urban centres of the greater metropolitan area called ` ` Randstad '' which encompasses other Dutch cities such as Haarlem , Utrecht , The Hague and Rotterdam and has a population of over 7.5 million . eos
is a financial and cultural centre . As of august 1 , 2006 , the population of Amsterdam is 741,329 ; the population of the greater Amsterdam area is approximately 1.5 million . Amsterdam is also one of the core urban centres of the greater metropolitan area called ` ` Randstad '' which encompasses other Dutch cities such as Haarlem , Utrecht , The Hague and Rotterdam and has a population of over 7.5 million . eos
is 741,329 ; the population of the greater Amsterdam area is approximately 1.5 million . Amsterdam is also one of the core urban centres of the greater metropolitan area called ` ` Randstad '' which encompasses other Dutch cities such as Haarlem , Utrecht , The Hague and Rotterdam and has a population of over 7.5 million . Amsterdam has one of the largest historic city centres in Europe , dating largely from the 17th century . eos
is also one of the core urban centres of the greater metropolitan area called ` ` Randstad '' which encompasses other Dutch cities such as Haarlem , Utrecht , The Hague and Rotterdam and has a population of over 7.5 million . Amsterdam has one of the largest historic city centres in Europe , dating largely from the 17th century . At this time , a series of concentric , semi - circular canals ( ` ` grachten '' ) were dug around the old city centre . eos
has one of the largest historic city centres in Europe , dating largely from the 17th century . At this time , a series of concentric , semi - circular canals ( ` ` grachten '' ) were dug around the old city centre . Along the canals houses and warehouses were built . eos
layout and appearance today . Many fine houses and mansions are situated along the canals . Some of the narrow brick houses are gradually sinking because they are built on wooden piles to cope with the marshy subsoil . eos
is officially designated as the capital of the Netherlands , Amsterdam has never been ( save a brief period between 1808 and 1810 ) , the seat of the court , government , or parliament of the Netherlands , which are all located at The Hague . Amsterdam is also not the capital of the province in which Amsterdam is located , North Holland , whose capital is located at Haarlem . See capital of the Netherlands for more information . eos
has never been ( save a brief period between 1808 and 1810 ) , the seat of the court , government , or parliament of the Netherlands , which are all located at The Hague . Amsterdam is also not the capital of the province in which Amsterdam is located , North Holland , whose capital is located at Haarlem . See capital of the Netherlands for more information . eos
is also not the capital of the province in which Amsterdam is located , North Holland , whose capital is located at Haarlem . See capital of the Netherlands for more information . Amsterdam is famous for Amsterdam free - spirited liberalism , diversity and tolerance . eos
is located , North Holland , whose capital is located at Haarlem . See capital of the Netherlands for more information . Amsterdam is famous for Amsterdam free - spirited liberalism , diversity and tolerance . eos
is famous for Amsterdam free - spirited liberalism , diversity and tolerance . eos
free - spirited liberalism , diversity and tolerance . eos
is the capital of Turkey and the country 's second largest city after İstanbul . Ankara has a population ( as of 2005 ) of 4,319,167 ( Province 5,153,000 ) , and a mean elevation of 850 m ( 2800 ft ) . Ankara was formerly known as Angora . eos
has a population ( as of 2005 ) of 4,319,167 ( Province 5,153,000 ) , and a mean elevation of 850 m ( 2800 ft ) . Ankara was formerly known as Angora . The Hittites gave Ankara the name Ankuwash , the Galatians and Romans called Ankara Ancyra , and in the classical , Hellenistic , and Byzantine periods Ankara was known as Ἄγκυρα Ínkyra . eos
was formerly known as Angora . The Hittites gave Ankara the name Ankuwash , the Galatians and Romans called Ankara Ancyra , and in the classical , Hellenistic , and Byzantine periods Ankara was known as Ἄγκυρα Ínkyra . Ankara also serves as the capital of the Province of Ankara . eos
the name Ankuwash , the Galatians and Romans called Ankara Ancyra , and in the classical , Hellenistic , and Byzantine periods Ankara was known as Ἄγκυρα Ínkyra . Ankara also serves as the capital of the Province of Ankara . Centrally located in Anatolia , Ankara is an important commercial and industrial city . eos
Ancyra , and in the classical , Hellenistic , and Byzantine periods Ankara was known as Ἄγκυρα Ínkyra . Ankara also serves as the capital of the Province of Ankara . Centrally located in Anatolia , Ankara is an important commercial and industrial city . eos
was known as Ἄγκυρα Ínkyra . Ankara also serves as the capital of the Province of Ankara . Centrally located in Anatolia , Ankara is an important commercial and industrial city . eos
also serves as the capital of the Province of Ankara . Centrally located in Anatolia , Ankara is an important commercial and industrial city . Ankara is the center of the Turkish Government , and Ankara houses all foreign embassies . eos
is an important commercial and industrial city . Ankara is the center of the Turkish Government , and Ankara houses all foreign embassies . Ankara is an important crossroads of trade , strategically located at the center of Turkey 's highway and rail network , and Ankara serves as the marketing center for the surrounding agricultural area . eos
houses all foreign embassies . Ankara is an important crossroads of trade , strategically located at the center of Turkey 's highway and rail network , and Ankara serves as the marketing center for the surrounding agricultural area . Ankara was famous for Ankara long - haired goat and its prized wool ( mohair ) , a unique breed of cat ( Angora cat ) , white rabbits and their prized wool ( Angora wool ) , pears , honey , and the region 's muscat grapes . eos
is the center of the Turkish Government , and Ankara houses all foreign embassies . Ankara is an important crossroads of trade , strategically located at the center of Turkey 's highway and rail network , and Ankara serves as the marketing center for the surrounding agricultural area . Ankara was famous for Ankara long - haired goat and its prized wool ( mohair ) , a unique breed of cat ( Angora cat ) , white rabbits and their prized wool ( Angora wool ) , pears , honey , and the region 's muscat grapes . eos
is an important crossroads of trade , strategically located at the center of Turkey 's highway and rail network , and Ankara serves as the marketing center for the surrounding agricultural area . Ankara was famous for Ankara long - haired goat and its prized wool ( mohair ) , a unique breed of cat ( Angora cat ) , white rabbits and their prized wool ( Angora wool ) , pears , honey , and the region 's muscat grapes . Ankara is situated upon a steep and rocky hill , which rises 500 ft . above the plain on the left bank of the Enguri Su , a tributary of the Sakarya ( Sangarius ) river . eos
serves as the marketing center for the surrounding agricultural area . Ankara was famous for Ankara long - haired goat and its prized wool ( mohair ) , a unique breed of cat ( Angora cat ) , white rabbits and their prized wool ( Angora wool ) , pears , honey , and the region 's muscat grapes . Ankara is situated upon a steep and rocky hill , which rises 500 ft . above the plain on the left bank of the Enguri Su , a tributary of the Sakarya ( Sangarius ) river . eos
was famous for Ankara long - haired goat and its prized wool ( mohair ) , a unique breed of cat ( Angora cat ) , white rabbits and their prized wool ( Angora wool ) , pears , honey , and the region 's muscat grapes . Ankara is situated upon a steep and rocky hill , which rises 500 ft . above the plain on the left bank of the Enguri Su , a tributary of the Sakarya ( Sangarius ) river . Ankara is located at 39 ° 52 ' 30 '' North , 32 ° 52 ' East ( 39.875 N 32.8333 E ) . eos
long - haired goat and its prized wool ( mohair ) , a unique breed of cat ( Angora cat ) , white rabbits and their prized wool ( Angora wool ) , pears , honey , and the region 's muscat grapes . Ankara is situated upon a steep and rocky hill , which rises 500 ft . above the plain on the left bank of the Enguri Su , a tributary of the Sakarya ( Sangarius ) river . Ankara is located at 39 ° 52 ' 30 '' North , 32 ° 52 ' East ( 39.875 N 32.8333 E ) . eos
is situated upon a steep and rocky hill , which rises 500 ft . above the plain on the left bank of the Enguri Su , a tributary of the Sakarya ( Sangarius ) river . Ankara is located at 39 ° 52 ' 30 '' North , 32 ° 52 ' East ( 39.875 N 32.8333 E ) . Ankara , Ankara is one of the driest places in Turkey and surrounded by a barren featureless steppe vegetation , with various Hittite , Phrygian , Greek , Roman , Byzantine , and Ottoman archaeological sites . eos
is located at 39 ° 52 ' 30 '' North , 32 ° 52 ' East ( 39.875 N 32.8333 E ) . Ankara , Ankara is one of the driest places in Turkey and surrounded by a barren featureless steppe vegetation , with various Hittite , Phrygian , Greek , Roman , Byzantine , and Ottoman archaeological sites . Ankara has a harsh , dry continental climate with cold , snowy winters and hot , dry summers . eos
, Ankara is one of the driest places in Turkey and surrounded by a barren featureless steppe vegetation , with various Hittite , Phrygian , Greek , Roman , Byzantine , and Ottoman archaeological sites . Ankara has a harsh , dry continental climate with cold , snowy winters and hot , dry summers . Rainfall occurs mostly during spring and autumn . eos
is one of the driest places in Turkey and surrounded by a barren featureless steppe vegetation , with various Hittite , Phrygian , Greek , Roman , Byzantine , and Ottoman archaeological sites . Ankara has a harsh , dry continental climate with cold , snowy winters and hot , dry summers . Rainfall occurs mostly during spring and autumn . eos
has a harsh , dry continental climate with cold , snowy winters and hot , dry summers . Rainfall occurs mostly during spring and autumn . The hill is crowned by the ruins of the old castle , which add to the picturesqueness of the view ; little else is preserved of the old town , which was not well built . eos
( pronounced IPA "" æntəˌnænəˈɹiːvoʊ "" or "" ɑːntəˌnɑːnəˈɹiːvoʊ "" ) , population 1,403,449 ( 2001 census ) , is the capital of Madagascar , in Antananarivo province . eos
( "" Turkmen : Aşgabat "" ; "" Persian : عشق آباد "" , UniPers : Ešq - âbâd ; "" Russian : Ашхаба́д "" - Ashkhabád ) also spelled as Ashgabat , Ashkabat , Ashkhabad , Ashgabad , is the capital city of Turkmenistan , a former Soviet republic . eos
has a population of 695,300 ( 2001 census estimate ) and Ashgabat is situated between the Kara Kum desert and the Kopet Dag mountain range . The name is believed to derive from the Persian Ashk - abad meaning ` ` the City of Arsaces '' . Another explanation is that the name is a corruption of the Persian Eshq ( Love ) + abad ( cultivated place or city ) , and hence loosely translates as ` ` The city built by / from love '' . eos
is situated between the Kara Kum desert and the Kopet Dag mountain range . The name is believed to derive from the Persian Ashk - abad meaning ` ` the City of Arsaces '' . Another explanation is that the name is a corruption of the Persian Eshq ( Love ) + abad ( cultivated place or city ) , and hence loosely translates as ` ` The city built by / from love '' . eos
has a primarily Turkmen population , with minorities of ethnic Russians , Armenians , and Azeris . eos
( formerly Asmera ) is the capital city and largest settlement in Eritrea , home to a population of around 579,000 people . At an elevation of over 2,000 meters ( 7000 feet ) , Asmara is on the edge of an escarpment that is both the northwestern edge the Great Rift Valley and the northern end of the Ethiopian highlands . Textiles and clothing , processed meat , beer , shoes , and ceramics are the major industrial products . eos
is on the edge of an escarpment that is both the northwestern edge the Great Rift Valley and the northern end of the Ethiopian highlands . Textiles and clothing , processed meat , beer , shoes , and ceramics are the major industrial products . eos
( Kazakh : Астана ; former names include Aqmola and Tselinograd ) , estimated population of 600,000 ( 2004 ) , is the second largest city and the capital of Kazakhstan since 1997 . The name ` ` Astana '' , which in Kazakh language means ` ` Capital city '' , was allegedly chosen because it is easily pronounced in many languages . eos
is within Aqmola Province , though politically separate from the rest of the province , which has its own capital . The current mayor of Astana is Askar Mamin , formerly Minister for Transportation . He was appointed mayor on 25 september 2006 . eos
is Askar Mamin , formerly Minister for Transportation . He was appointed mayor on 25 september 2006 . eos
, population 1,639,000 ( 2002 ) , is the capital of Paraguay . Asuncion metropolitan area , named Gran Asunción , includes the cities of San Lorenzo , Fernando de la Mora , Lambaré , Luque , Mariano Roque Alonso , Ñemby and Villa Elisa ; having more than 1.5 million inhabitants . Asuncion is located at 25 ° 16 'S , 57 ° 40 ' W ( -25.2667 , -57.6667 ) . eos
metropolitan area , named Gran Asunción , includes the cities of San Lorenzo , Fernando de la Mora , Lambaré , Luque , Mariano Roque Alonso , Ñemby and Villa Elisa ; having more than 1.5 million inhabitants . Asuncion is located at 25 ° 16 'S , 57 ° 40 ' W ( -25.2667 , -57.6667 ) . Asuncion is the seat of government , principal port and chief industrial and cultural centre of the country . eos
is located at 25 ° 16 'S , 57 ° 40 ' W ( -25.2667 , -57.6667 ) . Asuncion is the seat of government , principal port and chief industrial and cultural centre of the country . Main outputs of the manufacturing industries include footwear , textiles , and tobacco products . eos
is the seat of government , principal port and chief industrial and cultural centre of the country . Main outputs of the manufacturing industries include footwear , textiles , and tobacco products . The Spanish word asunción means assumption in English . eos
( Greek : Αθήνα , Athína IPA : eos
is a bustling , cosmopolitan metropolis with a population of 3.7 million people . The Athens metropolitan area is currently growing both northwards and eastwards across Attica and it constitutes the dominant center of economic , financial , industrial , cultural and political life in Greece . Athens is also rapidly becoming a leading business center in the European Union . eos
is also rapidly becoming a leading business center in the European Union . Athens was a powerful polis city - state and a renowned center of learning , home of Plato 's Academy and Aristotle 's Lyceum . Athens is considered to have been the cradle of Western civilization , largely due to the immense impact of Athens cultural and political achievements during the 5th and 4th centuries BC on the rest of the then known European Continent . eos
was a powerful polis city - state and a renowned center of learning , home of Plato 's Academy and Aristotle 's Lyceum . Athens is considered to have been the cradle of Western civilization , largely due to the immense impact of Athens cultural and political achievements during the 5th and 4th centuries BC on the rest of the then known European Continent . The heritage of the Athenian Enlightenment is still evident in Athens , portrayed through a number of spectacular ancient monuments and artworks , the most famous of all being the Parthenon on the Acropolis . eos
is considered to have been the cradle of Western civilization , largely due to the immense impact of Athens cultural and political achievements during the 5th and 4th centuries BC on the rest of the then known European Continent . The heritage of the Athenian Enlightenment is still evident in Athens , portrayed through a number of spectacular ancient monuments and artworks , the most famous of all being the Parthenon on the Acropolis . Most recently , Athens was the host city of the hugely successful 2004 Summer Olympics . eos
cultural and political achievements during the 5th and 4th centuries BC on the rest of the then known European Continent . The heritage of the Athenian Enlightenment is still evident in Athens , portrayed through a number of spectacular ancient monuments and artworks , the most famous of all being the Parthenon on the Acropolis . Most recently , Athens was the host city of the hugely successful 2004 Summer Olympics . eos
, portrayed through a number of spectacular ancient monuments and artworks , the most famous of all being the Parthenon on the Acropolis . Most recently , Athens was the host city of the hugely successful 2004 Summer Olympics . eos
was the host city of the hugely successful 2004 Summer Olympics . eos
( excluding the Hauraki Gulf islands ) , North Shore City , and the urban parts of Waitakere and Manukau cities , along with Papakura District and some nearby urban parts of Rodney and Franklin Districts . In Māori it bears the traditional name Tāmaki Makau Rau or the transcribed version of Auckland , Ākarana . Auckland lies between the Hauraki Gulf of the Pacific Ocean to the east , the low Hunua Ranges to the south - east , the Manukau Harbour to the south - west , and the Waitakere Ranges and smaller ranges to the west and north - west . eos
lies between the Hauraki Gulf of the Pacific Ocean to the east , the low Hunua Ranges to the south - east , the Manukau Harbour to the south - west , and the Waitakere Ranges and smaller ranges to the west and north - west . The central part of the urban area occupies a narrow isthmus between the Manukau Harbour on the Tasman Sea and the Waitemata Harbour on the Pacific Ocean . Auckland is one of the few cities in the world to have harbours on two separate bodies of water . eos
is one of the few cities in the world to have harbours on two separate bodies of water . eos
( "" Arabic : بغداد "" "" Arabic transliteration : Badād "" ) is the capital of Iraq and of Baghdad Governorate . Baghdad is the second - largest city in Southwest Asia after Tehran and the second - largest city in the Arab world after Cairo , and the largest city in Iraq , with a population estimated at around 7 million . eos
is the second - largest city in Southwest Asia after Tehran and the second - largest city in the Arab world after Cairo , and the largest city in Iraq , with a population estimated at around 7 million . Situated on the Tigris River at 33 ° 20 ` N , 44 ° 26 ` E , Baghdad was once the centre of Dar al - Islam , Muslim civilisation . eos
was once the centre of Dar al - Islam , Muslim civilisation . eos
or Bengalūru ( Kannada : ಬೆಂಗಳೂರು ; pronunciation : "" ` beŋgəɭuːru "" in Kannada and / ` bæŋgəlɔː ( ɹ ) / in English ) is the capital of the Indian state of Karnataka . Located on the Mysore Plateau in south - western Karnataka , Bangalore has an estimated metropolitan population of 6.1 million ( 2006 ) , making Bangalore India 's third - largest city and fifth - largest metropolitan area . eos
has an estimated metropolitan population of 6.1 million ( 2006 ) , making Bangalore India 's third - largest city and fifth - largest metropolitan area . Though historical references to Bangalore predate 900 CE , a written history of continuous settlement exists only from 1537 , when Kempe Gowda I , whom many regard as the architect of Bangalore , built a mud fort in Bangalore and established it as a province of the Vijayanagara Empire . During the British Raj , Bangalore developed as a center for colonial rule in South India . eos
India 's third - largest city and fifth - largest metropolitan area . Though historical references to Bangalore predate 900 CE , a written history of continuous settlement exists only from 1537 , when Kempe Gowda I , whom many regard as the architect of Bangalore , built a mud fort in Bangalore and established it as a province of the Vijayanagara Empire . During the British Raj , Bangalore developed as a center for colonial rule in South India . eos
predate 900 CE , a written history of continuous settlement exists only from 1537 , when Kempe Gowda I , whom many regard as the architect of Bangalore , built a mud fort in Bangalore and established it as a province of the Vijayanagara Empire . During the British Raj , Bangalore developed as a center for colonial rule in South India . The establishment of the Bangalore Cantonment brought in large numbers of migrant Tamil , Telugu and North Indian workers for developing and maintaining the infrastructure of the cantonment . eos
, built a mud fort in Bangalore and established it as a province of the Vijayanagara Empire . During the British Raj , Bangalore developed as a center for colonial rule in South India . The establishment of the Bangalore Cantonment brought in large numbers of migrant Tamil , Telugu and North Indian workers for developing and maintaining the infrastructure of the cantonment . eos
and established it as a province of the Vijayanagara Empire . During the British Raj , Bangalore developed as a center for colonial rule in South India . The establishment of the Bangalore Cantonment brought in large numbers of migrant Tamil , Telugu and North Indian workers for developing and maintaining the infrastructure of the cantonment . eos
developed as a center for colonial rule in South India . The establishment of the Bangalore Cantonment brought in large numbers of migrant Tamil , Telugu and North Indian workers for developing and maintaining the infrastructure of the cantonment . After India gained independence in 1947 , Bangalore evolved into a manufacturing hub for public sector heavy industries - particularly aerospace , space and defence . eos
evolved into a manufacturing hub for public sector heavy industries - particularly aerospace , space and defence . The establishment and success of business software services firms in Bangalore after the liberalisation of India 's economy has led to the growth of India 's information technology industry . Bangalore is referred to as the Silicon Valley of India and Bangalore accounts for 35 percent of India 's software exports . eos
after the liberalisation of India 's economy has led to the growth of India 's information technology industry . Bangalore is referred to as the Silicon Valley of India and Bangalore accounts for 35 percent of India 's software exports . Home to prestigious colleges and research institutions , Bangalore has the second - highest literacy rate among the metropolitan cities in the nation . eos
is referred to as the Silicon Valley of India and Bangalore accounts for 35 percent of India 's software exports . Home to prestigious colleges and research institutions , Bangalore has the second - highest literacy rate among the metropolitan cities in the nation . However , as a large and growing metropolis in the developing world , Bangalore continues to struggle with problems such as air pollution , traffic congestion , and crime . eos
accounts for 35 percent of India 's software exports . Home to prestigious colleges and research institutions , Bangalore has the second - highest literacy rate among the metropolitan cities in the nation . However , as a large and growing metropolis in the developing world , Bangalore continues to struggle with problems such as air pollution , traffic congestion , and crime . eos
has the second - highest literacy rate among the metropolitan cities in the nation . However , as a large and growing metropolis in the developing world , Bangalore continues to struggle with problems such as air pollution , traffic congestion , and crime . On december 11 2005 , the government of Karnataka announced that it had accepted the proposal by Jnanpith Award winner U R Ananthamurthy to rename Bangalore to Bangalore Kannada name , Bengalūru . eos
continues to struggle with problems such as air pollution , traffic congestion , and crime . On december 11 2005 , the government of Karnataka announced that it had accepted the proposal by Jnanpith Award winner U R Ananthamurthy to rename Bangalore to Bangalore Kannada name , Bengalūru . On september 27 2006 , the Bangalore Mahanagara Palike ( BMP ) passed a resolution to implement the proposed name change , pending approvals from the government of Karnataka and citizens of Bangalore . eos
to Bangalore Kannada name , Bengalūru . On september 27 2006 , the Bangalore Mahanagara Palike ( BMP ) passed a resolution to implement the proposed name change , pending approvals from the government of Karnataka and citizens of Bangalore . On october 7th 2006 , Government of Karnataka accepted this resolution and decided to officially implement the name change on november 1st 2006 . eos
Kannada name , Bengalūru . On september 27 2006 , the Bangalore Mahanagara Palike ( BMP ) passed a resolution to implement the proposed name change , pending approvals from the government of Karnataka and citizens of Bangalore . On october 7th 2006 , Government of Karnataka accepted this resolution and decided to officially implement the name change on november 1st 2006 . eos
. On october 7th 2006 , Government of Karnataka accepted this resolution and decided to officially implement the name change on november 1st 2006 . However , the name change still has to be approved by the central government , a process that is expected to take a few months . eos
, known in Thai as Krung Thep ( กรุงเทพฯ ) , is the capital and largest city of Thailand , with an official 2000 census population of 6,355,144 . Bangkok is located at , on the east bank of the Chao Phraya River , near the Gulf of Thailand . Krung Thep has been the proper name of Bangkok for more than two centuries . eos
is located at , on the east bank of the Chao Phraya River , near the Gulf of Thailand . Krung Thep has been the proper name of Bangkok for more than two centuries . However , Bangkok original name of Bangkok ( which now is used locally to refer only to a district of Bangkok ) persists in being used by most foreigners . eos
for more than two centuries . However , Bangkok original name of Bangkok ( which now is used locally to refer only to a district of Bangkok ) persists in being used by most foreigners . ( See History and Full Name below . ) eos
original name of Bangkok ( which now is used locally to refer only to a district of Bangkok ) persists in being used by most foreigners . ( See History and Full Name below . ) Bangkok is a fast growing , economically and culturally dynamic city in Southeast Asia . eos
) persists in being used by most foreigners . ( See History and Full Name below . ) Bangkok is a fast growing , economically and culturally dynamic city in Southeast Asia . eos
is a fast growing , economically and culturally dynamic city in Southeast Asia . The World Meteorological Organization has dubbed Bangkok the world 's hottest large city . Moreover , Bangkok is one of the world 's most popular tourist destinations . eos
the world 's hottest large city . Moreover , Bangkok is one of the world 's most popular tourist destinations . Bangkok is the wealthiest and most populated city in Thailand . eos
is one of the world 's most popular tourist destinations . Bangkok is the wealthiest and most populated city in Thailand . Bangkok is ranked as the 21st most populated city in the world eos
is the wealthiest and most populated city in Thailand . Bangkok is ranked as the 21st most populated city in the world eos
is ranked as the 21st most populated city in the world eos
is the capital of The Gambia . The population of Banjul is only 34,828 but the total urban area is many times larger with a population of 523,589 ( 2003 census ) . Banjul is located on St Mary 's Island ( or Banjul Island ) where the Gambia River enters the Atlantic Ocean . eos
is only 34,828 but the total urban area is many times larger with a population of 523,589 ( 2003 census ) . Banjul is located on St Mary 's Island ( or Banjul Island ) where the Gambia River enters the Atlantic Ocean . Banjul is located at 13 ° 28 ' North , 16 ° 36 ' West ( 13.4667 , -16.60 ) . eos
is located on St Mary 's Island ( or Banjul Island ) where the Gambia River enters the Atlantic Ocean . Banjul is located at 13 ° 28 ' North , 16 ° 36 ' West ( 13.4667 , -16.60 ) . eos
is located at 13 ° 28 ' North , 16 ° 36 ' West ( 13.4667 , -16.60 ) . eos
, estimated population 15,500 ( 2000 ) , is the capital of the federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis in the West Indies . Geographically , Basseterre is located at 17 ° 18 ` N , 62 ° 44 ` W , on the south western coast of Saint Kitts Island , and Basseterre is one of the chief commercial depots of the Leeward Islands . Basseterre lies within the parish of Saint George Basseterre and the southern part of the parish of Saint Peter Basseterre . eos
is located at 17 ° 18 ` N , 62 ° 44 ` W , on the south western coast of Saint Kitts Island , and Basseterre is one of the chief commercial depots of the Leeward Islands . Basseterre lies within the parish of Saint George Basseterre and the southern part of the parish of Saint Peter Basseterre . Basseterre is one of the oldest towns in the Eastern Caribbean . eos
is one of the chief commercial depots of the Leeward Islands . Basseterre lies within the parish of Saint George Basseterre and the southern part of the parish of Saint Peter Basseterre . Basseterre is one of the oldest towns in the Eastern Caribbean . eos
lies within the parish of Saint George Basseterre and the southern part of the parish of Saint Peter Basseterre . Basseterre is one of the oldest towns in the Eastern Caribbean . eos
is one of the oldest towns in the Eastern Caribbean . eos
"" English Pronunciation "" ( Chinese : 北京 "" Chinese Pronunciation "" ; Pinyin : Běijīng ; "" IPA : pei˨˩˦ tɕɪŋ˥˥ "" ) , a city in northern China , is the capital of the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) . eos
was formerly known in English as Peking or Peiking "" English Pronunciation "" . Beijing is also one of the four municipalities of the PRC , which are equivalent to provinces in China 's administrative structure . Beijing Municipality borders Hebei Province to the north , west , south , and for a small section in the east , and Tianjin Municipality to the southeast . eos
is also one of the four municipalities of the PRC , which are equivalent to provinces in China 's administrative structure . Beijing Municipality borders Hebei Province to the north , west , south , and for a small section in the east , and Tianjin Municipality to the southeast . Beijing is China 's second largest city in terms of population , after Shanghai . eos
is China 's second largest city in terms of population , after Shanghai . Beijing is a major transportation hub , with dozens of railways , roads and expressways entering and leaving Beijing in all directions . Beijing is also the focal point of many international flights to China . eos
is a major transportation hub , with dozens of railways , roads and expressways entering and leaving Beijing in all directions . Beijing is also the focal point of many international flights to China . Beijing is recognized as the political , educational , and cultural center of the People 's Republic of China , while Shanghai and Hong Kong predominate in economic fields . eos
in all directions . Beijing is also the focal point of many international flights to China . Beijing is recognized as the political , educational , and cultural center of the People 's Republic of China , while Shanghai and Hong Kong predominate in economic fields . eos
is also the focal point of many international flights to China . Beijing is recognized as the political , educational , and cultural center of the People 's Republic of China , while Shanghai and Hong Kong predominate in economic fields . Beijing is one of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China . eos
is recognized as the political , educational , and cultural center of the People 's Republic of China , while Shanghai and Hong Kong predominate in economic fields . Beijing is one of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China . Beijing will also host the 2008 Summer Olympics . eos
is one of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China . Beijing will also host the 2008 Summer Olympics . eos
will also host the 2008 Summer Olympics . eos
( "" Arabic : بيروت "" "" Arabic transliteration : Bayrūt "" ) is the capital , largest city , and chief seaport of Lebanon . Beirut is sometimes known by Beirut French name , Beyrouth . eos
is sometimes known by Beirut French name , Beyrouth . Beirut has a population of 1.5 million people in Beirut and 2.1 million people in the surrounding metropolitan areas . Beirut is the commercial center of the region and Beirut was sometimes called ` ` the Paris of the Middle East '' because of Beirut cosmopolitan atmosphere prior to the Lebanese Civil War ( some Lebanese still refuse to relinquish the title , despite Beirut being a shadow of Beirut former glory ) . eos
French name , Beyrouth . Beirut has a population of 1.5 million people in Beirut and 2.1 million people in the surrounding metropolitan areas . Beirut is the commercial center of the region and Beirut was sometimes called ` ` the Paris of the Middle East '' because of Beirut cosmopolitan atmosphere prior to the Lebanese Civil War ( some Lebanese still refuse to relinquish the title , despite Beirut being a shadow of Beirut former glory ) . eos
has a population of 1.5 million people in Beirut and 2.1 million people in the surrounding metropolitan areas . Beirut is the commercial center of the region and Beirut was sometimes called ` ` the Paris of the Middle East '' because of Beirut cosmopolitan atmosphere prior to the Lebanese Civil War ( some Lebanese still refuse to relinquish the title , despite Beirut being a shadow of Beirut former glory ) . Prior to the Israeli bombings of the summer of 2006 to Beirut infrastucture , and despite the assassination of Beirut chief financial benefactor , former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri , in 2005 , Beirut had undergone major reconstruction in recent years and Beirut had been set to host the Jeux de la Francophonie ( Francophone Games ) in 2009 . eos
and 2.1 million people in the surrounding metropolitan areas . Beirut is the commercial center of the region and Beirut was sometimes called ` ` the Paris of the Middle East '' because of Beirut cosmopolitan atmosphere prior to the Lebanese Civil War ( some Lebanese still refuse to relinquish the title , despite Beirut being a shadow of Beirut former glory ) . Prior to the Israeli bombings of the summer of 2006 to Beirut infrastucture , and despite the assassination of Beirut chief financial benefactor , former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri , in 2005 , Beirut had undergone major reconstruction in recent years and Beirut had been set to host the Jeux de la Francophonie ( Francophone Games ) in 2009 . eos
former glory ) . Prior to the Israeli bombings of the summer of 2006 to Beirut infrastucture , and despite the assassination of Beirut chief financial benefactor , former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri , in 2005 , Beirut had undergone major reconstruction in recent years and Beirut had been set to host the Jeux de la Francophonie ( Francophone Games ) in 2009 . The present state of Beirut has inarguably suffered a setback in light of these events , but Beirut still retains the necessary ingredients for the great rebirth Beirut had planned . eos
is the commercial center of the region and Beirut was sometimes called ` ` the Paris of the Middle East '' because of Beirut cosmopolitan atmosphere prior to the Lebanese Civil War ( some Lebanese still refuse to relinquish the title , despite Beirut being a shadow of Beirut former glory ) . Prior to the Israeli bombings of the summer of 2006 to Beirut infrastucture , and despite the assassination of Beirut chief financial benefactor , former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri , in 2005 , Beirut had undergone major reconstruction in recent years and Beirut had been set to host the Jeux de la Francophonie ( Francophone Games ) in 2009 . The present state of Beirut has inarguably suffered a setback in light of these events , but Beirut still retains the necessary ingredients for the great rebirth Beirut had planned . eos
was sometimes called ` ` the Paris of the Middle East '' because of Beirut cosmopolitan atmosphere prior to the Lebanese Civil War ( some Lebanese still refuse to relinquish the title , despite Beirut being a shadow of Beirut former glory ) . Prior to the Israeli bombings of the summer of 2006 to Beirut infrastucture , and despite the assassination of Beirut chief financial benefactor , former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri , in 2005 , Beirut had undergone major reconstruction in recent years and Beirut had been set to host the Jeux de la Francophonie ( Francophone Games ) in 2009 . The present state of Beirut has inarguably suffered a setback in light of these events , but Beirut still retains the necessary ingredients for the great rebirth Beirut had planned . eos
cosmopolitan atmosphere prior to the Lebanese Civil War ( some Lebanese still refuse to relinquish the title , despite Beirut being a shadow of Beirut former glory ) . Prior to the Israeli bombings of the summer of 2006 to Beirut infrastucture , and despite the assassination of Beirut chief financial benefactor , former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri , in 2005 , Beirut had undergone major reconstruction in recent years and Beirut had been set to host the Jeux de la Francophonie ( Francophone Games ) in 2009 . The present state of Beirut has inarguably suffered a setback in light of these events , but Beirut still retains the necessary ingredients for the great rebirth Beirut had planned . eos
being a shadow of Beirut former glory ) . Prior to the Israeli bombings of the summer of 2006 to Beirut infrastucture , and despite the assassination of Beirut chief financial benefactor , former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri , in 2005 , Beirut had undergone major reconstruction in recent years and Beirut had been set to host the Jeux de la Francophonie ( Francophone Games ) in 2009 . The present state of Beirut has inarguably suffered a setback in light of these events , but Beirut still retains the necessary ingredients for the great rebirth Beirut had planned . eos
infrastucture , and despite the assassination of Beirut chief financial benefactor , former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri , in 2005 , Beirut had undergone major reconstruction in recent years and Beirut had been set to host the Jeux de la Francophonie ( Francophone Games ) in 2009 . The present state of Beirut has inarguably suffered a setback in light of these events , but Beirut still retains the necessary ingredients for the great rebirth Beirut had planned . Beirut is considered as a possible candidate for the 2024 Summer Olympics games . eos
chief financial benefactor , former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri , in 2005 , Beirut had undergone major reconstruction in recent years and Beirut had been set to host the Jeux de la Francophonie ( Francophone Games ) in 2009 . The present state of Beirut has inarguably suffered a setback in light of these events , but Beirut still retains the necessary ingredients for the great rebirth Beirut had planned . Beirut is considered as a possible candidate for the 2024 Summer Olympics games . eos
had undergone major reconstruction in recent years and Beirut had been set to host the Jeux de la Francophonie ( Francophone Games ) in 2009 . The present state of Beirut has inarguably suffered a setback in light of these events , but Beirut still retains the necessary ingredients for the great rebirth Beirut had planned . Beirut is considered as a possible candidate for the 2024 Summer Olympics games . eos
had been set to host the Jeux de la Francophonie ( Francophone Games ) in 2009 . The present state of Beirut has inarguably suffered a setback in light of these events , but Beirut still retains the necessary ingredients for the great rebirth Beirut had planned . Beirut is considered as a possible candidate for the 2024 Summer Olympics games . eos
has inarguably suffered a setback in light of these events , but Beirut still retains the necessary ingredients for the great rebirth Beirut had planned . Beirut is considered as a possible candidate for the 2024 Summer Olympics games . The massive $ 1.2 billion Zenith project will make Lebanon capable of holding the games . eos
still retains the necessary ingredients for the great rebirth Beirut had planned . Beirut is considered as a possible candidate for the 2024 Summer Olympics games . The massive $ 1.2 billion Zenith project will make Lebanon capable of holding the games . eos
had planned . Beirut is considered as a possible candidate for the 2024 Summer Olympics games . The massive $ 1.2 billion Zenith project will make Lebanon capable of holding the games . eos
is considered as a possible candidate for the 2024 Summer Olympics games . The massive $ 1.2 billion Zenith project will make Lebanon capable of holding the games . Beirut is home to numerous international organizations . eos
is home to numerous international organizations . The United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia ( ESCWA ) is headquartered in Downtown Beirut while the International Labour Organization ( ILO ) and UNESCO ( United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ) both have regional offices in Beirut covering the Arab world . The Arab Air Carriers Organization ( AACO ) is also headquartered in Beirut . eos
covering the Arab world . The Arab Air Carriers Organization ( AACO ) is also headquartered in Beirut . In Travel and Leisure magazine 's ` World Best Awards 2006 ' Beirut was ranked the 9th ( out of 10 ) city in the world , falling just short of New York City and coming ahead of San Francisco . eos
. In Travel and Leisure magazine 's ` World Best Awards 2006 ' Beirut was ranked the 9th ( out of 10 ) city in the world , falling just short of New York City and coming ahead of San Francisco . Beirut has both developed and less developed neighborhoods . eos
was ranked the 9th ( out of 10 ) city in the world , falling just short of New York City and coming ahead of San Francisco . Beirut has both developed and less developed neighborhoods . Beirut eos
has both developed and less developed neighborhoods . Beirut most famous Sunni Muslim neighborhoods are Zarif and Verdun ; Saifi Village is Beirut most prominent and expensive residential one . eos
most famous Sunni Muslim neighborhoods are Zarif and Verdun ; Saifi Village is Beirut most prominent and expensive residential one . Beirut most prominent Christian neighborhood ( both historic and modern ) is ` ` Achrafieh '' . eos
most prominent and expensive residential one . Beirut most prominent Christian neighborhood ( both historic and modern ) is ` ` Achrafieh '' . eos
most prominent Christian neighborhood ( both historic and modern ) is ` ` Achrafieh '' . eos
( Serbian : Београд or Beograd listen ) is the capital and largest city of Serbia . Belgrade is one of the oldest cities in Europe , first emerging as prehistoric Vināa in 4800 BC , Belgrade was settled in the 3rd century BC by the Celts , before becoming the Roman settlement of Singidunum . eos
is one of the oldest cities in Europe , first emerging as prehistoric Vināa in 4800 BC , Belgrade was settled in the 3rd century BC by the Celts , before becoming the Roman settlement of Singidunum . Belgrade is the largest city on the territory of the former Yugoslavia , and by population Belgrade ranks fourth in the South Eastern Europe behind Istanbul , Athens and Bucharest . Belgrade has the status of a separate territorial unit in Serbia , with Belgrade own autonomous city government . eos
was settled in the 3rd century BC by the Celts , before becoming the Roman settlement of Singidunum . Belgrade is the largest city on the territory of the former Yugoslavia , and by population Belgrade ranks fourth in the South Eastern Europe behind Istanbul , Athens and Bucharest . Belgrade has the status of a separate territorial unit in Serbia , with Belgrade own autonomous city government . eos
is the largest city on the territory of the former Yugoslavia , and by population Belgrade ranks fourth in the South Eastern Europe behind Istanbul , Athens and Bucharest . Belgrade has the status of a separate territorial unit in Serbia , with Belgrade own autonomous city government . Belgrade territory is divided into 17 municipalities , each of which has its own local council . eos
ranks fourth in the South Eastern Europe behind Istanbul , Athens and Bucharest . Belgrade has the status of a separate territorial unit in Serbia , with Belgrade own autonomous city government . Belgrade territory is divided into 17 municipalities , each of which has its own local council . eos
has the status of a separate territorial unit in Serbia , with Belgrade own autonomous city government . Belgrade territory is divided into 17 municipalities , each of which has its own local council . Belgrade spreads over 3.6 % of the territory of Serbia , and 21 % of the Serbian population ( excluding that of the Kosovo province ) lives in Belgrade . eos
own autonomous city government . Belgrade territory is divided into 17 municipalities , each of which has its own local council . Belgrade spreads over 3.6 % of the territory of Serbia , and 21 % of the Serbian population ( excluding that of the Kosovo province ) lives in Belgrade . eos
territory is divided into 17 municipalities , each of which has its own local council . Belgrade spreads over 3.6 % of the territory of Serbia , and 21 % of the Serbian population ( excluding that of the Kosovo province ) lives in Belgrade . Belgrade is the central economic hub of Serbia , and the capital of Serbian culture , education and science . eos
. Belgrade is the central economic hub of Serbia , and the capital of Serbian culture , education and science . eos
spreads over 3.6 % of the territory of Serbia , and 21 % of the Serbian population ( excluding that of the Kosovo province ) lives in Belgrade . Belgrade is the central economic hub of Serbia , and the capital of Serbian culture , education and science . eos
is the central economic hub of Serbia , and the capital of Serbian culture , education and science . eos
( a Portuguese name meaning '' "" IPA : "" beautiful horizon '' , pronounced ` bɛləʊ - əʊɹizɒnteɪ ) is the third largest metropolitan area and fifth largest city in Brazil ( after São Paulo , Rio de Janeiro , Salvador and Fortaleza ) . Belo_Horizonte is the capital of Minas Gerais state , located in the southeastern region of the country . eos
is the capital of Minas Gerais state , located in the southeastern region of the country . With a population of almost 2.4 million and over 5 million in the official metropolitan area , Belo_Horizonte - or ` ` Beagá '' as Belo_Horizonte is more familiarly known from the sound of Belo_Horizonte initials BH in Portuguese - is a place of intense economical and cultural activity . Belo_Horizonte has a good infrastructure for national and international events . eos
- or ` ` Beagá '' as Belo_Horizonte is more familiarly known from the sound of Belo_Horizonte initials BH in Portuguese - is a place of intense economical and cultural activity . Belo_Horizonte has a good infrastructure for national and international events . The first settlements in the region occurred in the early 1700s , but Belo_Horizonte as Belo_Horizonte is known today was planned and constructed in the 1890s , in order to replace Ouro Preto as the capital of Minas Gerais . eos
is more familiarly known from the sound of Belo_Horizonte initials BH in Portuguese - is a place of intense economical and cultural activity . Belo_Horizonte has a good infrastructure for national and international events . The first settlements in the region occurred in the early 1700s , but Belo_Horizonte as Belo_Horizonte is known today was planned and constructed in the 1890s , in order to replace Ouro Preto as the capital of Minas Gerais . eos
initials BH in Portuguese - is a place of intense economical and cultural activity . Belo_Horizonte has a good infrastructure for national and international events . The first settlements in the region occurred in the early 1700s , but Belo_Horizonte as Belo_Horizonte is known today was planned and constructed in the 1890s , in order to replace Ouro Preto as the capital of Minas Gerais . eos
has a good infrastructure for national and international events . The first settlements in the region occurred in the early 1700s , but Belo_Horizonte as Belo_Horizonte is known today was planned and constructed in the 1890s , in order to replace Ouro Preto as the capital of Minas Gerais . Belo_Horizonte is nowadays notorious for the contrast between contemporary and classical buildings , being in fact the location of many modern Brazilian architectural icons , most notably the Pampulha Church . eos
as Belo_Horizonte is known today was planned and constructed in the 1890s , in order to replace Ouro Preto as the capital of Minas Gerais . Belo_Horizonte is nowadays notorious for the contrast between contemporary and classical buildings , being in fact the location of many modern Brazilian architectural icons , most notably the Pampulha Church . eos
is known today was planned and constructed in the 1890s , in order to replace Ouro Preto as the capital of Minas Gerais . Belo_Horizonte is nowadays notorious for the contrast between contemporary and classical buildings , being in fact the location of many modern Brazilian architectural icons , most notably the Pampulha Church . eos
is nowadays notorious for the contrast between contemporary and classical buildings , being in fact the location of many modern Brazilian architectural icons , most notably the Pampulha Church . eos
is the capital city and one of the sixteen federal states of Germany . With a population of 3.4 million in Berlin city limits , Berlin is the country 's largest city , and the second most populous city in the European Union . Berlin is an influential center in European politics , culture and science . eos
city limits , Berlin is the country 's largest city , and the second most populous city in the European Union . Berlin is an influential center in European politics , culture and science . Berlin serves as an important hub of continental transportation and Berlin is home to renowned universities , research faculties , and museums . eos
is the country 's largest city , and the second most populous city in the European Union . Berlin is an influential center in European politics , culture and science . Berlin serves as an important hub of continental transportation and Berlin is home to renowned universities , research faculties , and museums . eos
is an influential center in European politics , culture and science . Berlin serves as an important hub of continental transportation and Berlin is home to renowned universities , research faculties , and museums . Berlin is an international tourist destination known for Berlin festivals , contemporary architecture , nightlife , and avant - garde arts . eos
serves as an important hub of continental transportation and Berlin is home to renowned universities , research faculties , and museums . Berlin is an international tourist destination known for Berlin festivals , contemporary architecture , nightlife , and avant - garde arts . Berlin is a center for the creative industries , and Berlin is recognized for Berlin diverse range of convention venues , sport events , and media outlets . eos
is home to renowned universities , research faculties , and museums . Berlin is an international tourist destination known for Berlin festivals , contemporary architecture , nightlife , and avant - garde arts . Berlin is a center for the creative industries , and Berlin is recognized for Berlin diverse range of convention venues , sport events , and media outlets . eos
is an international tourist destination known for Berlin festivals , contemporary architecture , nightlife , and avant - garde arts . Berlin is a center for the creative industries , and Berlin is recognized for Berlin diverse range of convention venues , sport events , and media outlets . Being home to people from over 180 nations , Berlin is a magnet for individuals who are attracted by Berlin liberal lifestyle , urban eclecticism , and artistic freedom . eos
festivals , contemporary architecture , nightlife , and avant - garde arts . Berlin is a center for the creative industries , and Berlin is recognized for Berlin diverse range of convention venues , sport events , and media outlets . Being home to people from over 180 nations , Berlin is a magnet for individuals who are attracted by Berlin liberal lifestyle , urban eclecticism , and artistic freedom . eos
is recognized for Berlin diverse range of convention venues , sport events , and media outlets . Being home to people from over 180 nations , Berlin is a magnet for individuals who are attracted by Berlin liberal lifestyle , urban eclecticism , and artistic freedom . First documented in the 13th century , Berlin became the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701 and of the German Empire in 1871 . eos
diverse range of convention venues , sport events , and media outlets . Being home to people from over 180 nations , Berlin is a magnet for individuals who are attracted by Berlin liberal lifestyle , urban eclecticism , and artistic freedom . First documented in the 13th century , Berlin became the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701 and of the German Empire in 1871 . eos
is a center for the creative industries , and Berlin is recognized for Berlin diverse range of convention venues , sport events , and media outlets . Being home to people from over 180 nations , Berlin is a magnet for individuals who are attracted by Berlin liberal lifestyle , urban eclecticism , and artistic freedom . First documented in the 13th century , Berlin became the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701 and of the German Empire in 1871 . eos
is a magnet for individuals who are attracted by Berlin liberal lifestyle , urban eclecticism , and artistic freedom . First documented in the 13th century , Berlin became the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701 and of the German Empire in 1871 . Berlin remained so during periods of the Weimar Republic and the Third Reich until 1945 . eos
liberal lifestyle , urban eclecticism , and artistic freedom . First documented in the 13th century , Berlin became the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701 and of the German Empire in 1871 . Berlin remained so during periods of the Weimar Republic and the Third Reich until 1945 . eos
became the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701 and of the German Empire in 1871 . Berlin remained so during periods of the Weimar Republic and the Third Reich until 1945 . After World War II , Berlin was divided . eos
remained so during periods of the Weimar Republic and the Third Reich until 1945 . After World War II , Berlin was divided . East Berlin became the capital of the GDR ( East Germany ) , while West Berlin remained a West German enclave surrounded by the Berlin Wall from 1961 - 1989 . eos
was divided . East Berlin became the capital of the GDR ( East Germany ) , while West Berlin remained a West German enclave surrounded by the Berlin Wall from 1961 - 1989 . Following reunification in 1990 , Berlin again became the capital of Germany . eos
again became the capital of Germany . eos
"" IPA : "" bɐːn "" "" ( German Bern "" IPA : "" b̥ɛrn "" "" , French Berne "" IPA : "" bɛʀn "" "" , Italian Berna "" IPA : "" ˈbɛrna "" "" , Romansh Berna "" IPA : "" ˈbɛrnə "" "" , eos
is the fourth most populous Swiss city ( after Zürich , Geneva and Basel ) . Most of Berne residents speak German , or more specifically , Bernese German , which is a high - Alemannic dialect . The Canton of Bern has a French - speaking part . eos
residents speak German , or more specifically , Bernese German , which is a high - Alemannic dialect . The Canton of Bern has a French - speaking part . Very few people still speak the Matteänglisch , a secret language used in the former workers ' quarter Matte , but several words have found their way in the Bernese German . eos
also functions as the capital of the Canton of Bern , the second most populous of Switzerland 's cantons . Illustrious Bernese include the reformer Albrecht von Haller , the poet Albert Bitzius and the painters Hans Fries , Ferdinand Hodler and Paul Klee . The German - born physicist Albert Einstein worked out his theory of relativity while employed as a clerk at the Bern patent office . eos
( Бишкек ) is the capital of Kyrgyzstan . Bishkek has a population of approximately 900,000 ( 2005 ) . Originally founded in 1878 as the Russian fortress of Pishpek ( Пишпек ) , between 1926 and 1991 eos
has a population of approximately 900,000 ( 2005 ) . Originally founded in 1878 as the Russian fortress of Pishpek ( Пишпек ) , between 1926 and 1991 Bishkek was known as Frunze ( Фрунзе ) , after the Bolshevik military leader Mikhail Frunze . eos
was known as Frunze ( Фрунзе ) , after the Bolshevik military leader Mikhail Frunze . In Kyrgyz , a Bishkek is a churn used to make fermented mare 's milk ( kumis ) , the Kyrgyz national drink . Bishkek , at 42 ° 52 ` N , 74 ° 34 ` E , is situated at about 800 m altitude just off the northern fringe of the Ala - Too range , an extension of the Tien Shan mountain range , which rises up to 4,800 m and provides a spectacular backdrop to Bishkek . eos
, at 42 ° 52 ` N , 74 ° 34 ` E , is situated at about 800 m altitude just off the northern fringe of the Ala - Too range , an extension of the Tien Shan mountain range , which rises up to 4,800 m and provides a spectacular backdrop to Bishkek . North of Bishkek , a fertile and gently undulating steppe extends far north into neighboring Kazakhstan . The Chui river drains most of the area . eos
. North of Bishkek , a fertile and gently undulating steppe extends far north into neighboring Kazakhstan . The Chui river drains most of the area . eos
, a fertile and gently undulating steppe extends far north into neighboring Kazakhstan . The Chui river drains most of the area . Bishkek is connected to the Turkestan - Siberia Railway by a spur . eos
is connected to the Turkestan - Siberia Railway by a spur . Bishkek is a city of wide boulevards and marble - faced public buildings combined with numerous Soviet - style apartment blocks surrounding interior courtyards and , especially outside the city center , thousands of smaller , often privately built houses . Bishkek is laid out on a grid pattern , with most streets flanked on both sides by narrow irrigation channels that water the innumerable trees which provide shade in the hot summers . eos
is a city of wide boulevards and marble - faced public buildings combined with numerous Soviet - style apartment blocks surrounding interior courtyards and , especially outside the city center , thousands of smaller , often privately built houses . Bishkek is laid out on a grid pattern , with most streets flanked on both sides by narrow irrigation channels that water the innumerable trees which provide shade in the hot summers . eos
is laid out on a grid pattern , with most streets flanked on both sides by narrow irrigation channels that water the innumerable trees which provide shade in the hot summers . eos
( IPA : "" IPA : "" ˈblʁmfɑnˌte ( ɪ ) n "" "" , Afrikaans for ` ` fountain of Bloem ( bloom ) '' or for ` ` flower fountain '' ) is one of South Africa 's three capital cities , along with Pretoria and Cape Town . Bloemfontein serves as the judicial capital , as well as the capital of the Free State province . eos
serves as the judicial capital , as well as the capital of the Free State province . Bloemfontein Sesotho name is Mangaung , meaning ` ` the place where cheetahs dwell '' . Bloemfontein is popularly and poetically known as ` ` the city of roses '' , owing to the abundance of these flowers and the annual rose festival held there . eos
Sesotho name is Mangaung , meaning ` ` the place where cheetahs dwell '' . Bloemfontein is popularly and poetically known as ` ` the city of roses '' , owing to the abundance of these flowers and the annual rose festival held there . Although Bloemfontein has a reputation for Bloemfontein flowers in an otherwise arid region , Bloemfontein name is alleged by some to refer to Jan Bloem ( 1775 - 1858 ) , a Korana Griqua leader whose people inhabited ( and still inhabit ) parts of the Free State and Northern Cape . eos
is popularly and poetically known as ` ` the city of roses '' , owing to the abundance of these flowers and the annual rose festival held there . Although Bloemfontein has a reputation for Bloemfontein flowers in an otherwise arid region , Bloemfontein name is alleged by some to refer to Jan Bloem ( 1775 - 1858 ) , a Korana Griqua leader whose people inhabited ( and still inhabit ) parts of the Free State and Northern Cape . Others see this proposition as a conceit , a manifestation of Political correctness and a retrospective reconstruction of history . eos
has a reputation for Bloemfontein flowers in an otherwise arid region , Bloemfontein name is alleged by some to refer to Jan Bloem ( 1775 - 1858 ) , a Korana Griqua leader whose people inhabited ( and still inhabit ) parts of the Free State and Northern Cape . Others see this proposition as a conceit , a manifestation of Political correctness and a retrospective reconstruction of history . The British Colonial Authotities did not have a great track record of naming places after local aborigines . eos
flowers in an otherwise arid region , Bloemfontein name is alleged by some to refer to Jan Bloem ( 1775 - 1858 ) , a Korana Griqua leader whose people inhabited ( and still inhabit ) parts of the Free State and Northern Cape . Others see this proposition as a conceit , a manifestation of Political correctness and a retrospective reconstruction of history . The British Colonial Authotities did not have a great track record of naming places after local aborigines . eos
name is alleged by some to refer to Jan Bloem ( 1775 - 1858 ) , a Korana Griqua leader whose people inhabited ( and still inhabit ) parts of the Free State and Northern Cape . Others see this proposition as a conceit , a manifestation of Political correctness and a retrospective reconstruction of history . The British Colonial Authotities did not have a great track record of naming places after local aborigines . eos
is situated on dry grassland at 29 ° 06 'S , 26 ° 13 ` E , at an altitude of 1,395 metres above sea level . Bloemfontein is home to 369,568 residents , while the Mangaung Local Municipality has a population of 645,455 . Bloemfontein is served by Bloemfontein airport . eos
is home to 369,568 residents , while the Mangaung Local Municipality has a population of 645,455 . Bloemfontein is served by Bloemfontein airport . eos
is served by Bloemfontein airport . eos
- officially named Bogotá , D.C. ( D.C. for ` ` Distrito Capital '' , which means ` ` Capital District '' ) , also called Santa Fe de Bogotá - is the capital of Colombia , as well as the largest and most populous city in the country with 7,321,831 inhabitants ( 2005 census ) . Bogotá and Soacha have an estimated population of 7,881,156 eos
is the capital of Brazil with a population of 2,333,108 . Located in the Brazilian Federal District , Brasilia is famous for Brasilia urban planning , daring architecture and rapid population growth . In English , the diacritical mark on the í is often omitted and the name written Brasilia . eos
is famous for Brasilia urban planning , daring architecture and rapid population growth . In English , the diacritical mark on the í is often omitted and the name written Brasilia . eos
urban planning , daring architecture and rapid population growth . In English , the diacritical mark on the í is often omitted and the name written Brasilia . eos
( see below for other names ) is the capital of Slovakia and the country 's largest city , with a population of some 450,000 . Bratislava is the political , cultural and economic centre of Slovakia . Bratislava is the seat of the Slovak presidency , parliament and government as well as home to several universities , museums , theatres , galleries and other national economic , cultural and educational institutions . eos
is the political , cultural and economic centre of Slovakia . Bratislava is the seat of the Slovak presidency , parliament and government as well as home to several universities , museums , theatres , galleries and other national economic , cultural and educational institutions . Most of Slovakia 's large businesses and financial institutions have their headquarters in Bratislava . eos
is the seat of the Slovak presidency , parliament and government as well as home to several universities , museums , theatres , galleries and other national economic , cultural and educational institutions . Most of Slovakia 's large businesses and financial institutions have their headquarters in Bratislava . Bratislava past has been characterized by the strong influence of various peoples , including Slovaks , Germans , Hungarians , Czechs , Austrians and Jews . eos
. Bratislava past has been characterized by the strong influence of various peoples , including Slovaks , Germans , Hungarians , Czechs , Austrians and Jews . Bratislava still retains Bratislava cosmopolitan spirit . eos
past has been characterized by the strong influence of various peoples , including Slovaks , Germans , Hungarians , Czechs , Austrians and Jews . Bratislava still retains Bratislava cosmopolitan spirit . Bratislava hosts many festivals and trade shows and Bratislava is famous for Bratislava nightlife and leisure facilities . eos
still retains Bratislava cosmopolitan spirit . Bratislava hosts many festivals and trade shows and Bratislava is famous for Bratislava nightlife and leisure facilities . Andrej Ďurkovský is Bratislava mayor . eos
cosmopolitan spirit . Bratislava hosts many festivals and trade shows and Bratislava is famous for Bratislava nightlife and leisure facilities . Andrej Ďurkovský is Bratislava mayor . eos
nightlife and leisure facilities . Andrej Ďurkovský is Bratislava mayor . eos
hosts many festivals and trade shows and Bratislava is famous for Bratislava nightlife and leisure facilities . Andrej Ďurkovský is Bratislava mayor . eos
is famous for Bratislava nightlife and leisure facilities . Andrej Ďurkovský is Bratislava mayor . eos
mayor . eos
is the capital and largest city of the Republic of the Congo and Brazzaville is located on the Congo River . Brazzaville has a population of 1,174,000 ( 2005 census ) . Brazzaville was founded in 1880 on the site of a village named Nkuna by an Italian born French explorer , Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza , after whom Brazzaville was named . eos
is located on the Congo River . Brazzaville has a population of 1,174,000 ( 2005 census ) . Brazzaville was founded in 1880 on the site of a village named Nkuna by an Italian born French explorer , Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza , after whom Brazzaville was named . eos
has a population of 1,174,000 ( 2005 census ) . Brazzaville was founded in 1880 on the site of a village named Nkuna by an Italian born French explorer , Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza , after whom Brazzaville was named . Over a third of the population of the Republic of Congo lives in Brazzaville , and Brazzaville is home to 40 % of non - agricultural employment . eos
was founded in 1880 on the site of a village named Nkuna by an Italian born French explorer , Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza , after whom Brazzaville was named . Over a third of the population of the Republic of Congo lives in Brazzaville , and Brazzaville is home to 40 % of non - agricultural employment . Brazzaville is also a financial and administrative capital . eos
was named . Over a third of the population of the Republic of Congo lives in Brazzaville , and Brazzaville is home to 40 % of non - agricultural employment . Brazzaville is also a financial and administrative capital . eos
, and Brazzaville is home to 40 % of non - agricultural employment . Brazzaville is also a financial and administrative capital . eos
is home to 40 % of non - agricultural employment . Brazzaville is also a financial and administrative capital . eos
is also a financial and administrative capital . eos
, population 96,578 ( 2006 ) metropolitan area 110,000 ( 2000 ) , is the capital and largest city of the nation of Barbados . Formerly , the Town of Saint Michael the Greater Bridgetown area is located within the parish of Saint Michael . Bridgetown is located at 13 ° 7 ` N , 59 ° 37 ` W , on the southwestern coast of the island along Carlisle Bay . eos
is located at 13 ° 7 ` N , 59 ° 37 ` W , on the southwestern coast of the island along Carlisle Bay . Parts of the Greater Bridgetown area lies along the borders of the neighbouring parishes Christ Church and St. James . The present day site of Bridgetown was established by the British in 1628 following their settlement at James Town . eos
was established by the British in 1628 following their settlement at James Town . Bridgetown is a major West Indies tourist destination , and Bridgetown acts as an important financial , informatics and convention centre in the Caribbean region . Each january , Bridgetown hosts the Barbados Jazz Festival . eos
is a major West Indies tourist destination , and Bridgetown acts as an important financial , informatics and convention centre in the Caribbean region . Each january , Bridgetown hosts the Barbados Jazz Festival . eos
acts as an important financial , informatics and convention centre in the Caribbean region . Each january , Bridgetown hosts the Barbados Jazz Festival . eos
hosts the Barbados Jazz Festival . eos
( pronounced "" IPA : / ˈbɹɪzbən / "" ) is the capital and most populous city of the Australian state of Queensland , and Brisbane is the third largest city in Australia , with a population of just under 2.0 million and an urban agglomeration of over 2.4 million people . Brisbane is a city set close to the Pacific Ocean , and Brisbane is situated beside the Brisbane River on plains between Moreton Bay and the Great Dividing Range in south - eastern Queensland . Named in honour of Sir Thomas Brisbane , Brisbane grew from a harsh penal colony established in 1824 at Redcliffe , 40 km to the north . eos
is the third largest city in Australia , with a population of just under 2.0 million and an urban agglomeration of over 2.4 million people . Brisbane is a city set close to the Pacific Ocean , and Brisbane is situated beside the Brisbane River on plains between Moreton Bay and the Great Dividing Range in south - eastern Queensland . Named in honour of Sir Thomas Brisbane , Brisbane grew from a harsh penal colony established in 1824 at Redcliffe , 40 km to the north . eos
is a city set close to the Pacific Ocean , and Brisbane is situated beside the Brisbane River on plains between Moreton Bay and the Great Dividing Range in south - eastern Queensland . Named in honour of Sir Thomas Brisbane , Brisbane grew from a harsh penal colony established in 1824 at Redcliffe , 40 km to the north . The colony was moved to Brisbane in 1825 and free settlers were permitted from 1842 . eos
is situated beside the Brisbane River on plains between Moreton Bay and the Great Dividing Range in south - eastern Queensland . Named in honour of Sir Thomas Brisbane , Brisbane grew from a harsh penal colony established in 1824 at Redcliffe , 40 km to the north . The colony was moved to Brisbane in 1825 and free settlers were permitted from 1842 . eos
grew from a harsh penal colony established in 1824 at Redcliffe , 40 km to the north . The colony was moved to Brisbane in 1825 and free settlers were permitted from 1842 . Brisbane was chosen as the capital of Queensland when it was proclaimed a separate colony in 1859 . eos
in 1825 and free settlers were permitted from 1842 . Brisbane was chosen as the capital of Queensland when it was proclaimed a separate colony in 1859 . Brisbane developed slowly until after World War II , when Brisbane played a central role in the Allied campaign as the South West Pacific headquarters for General Douglas MacArthur . eos
was chosen as the capital of Queensland when it was proclaimed a separate colony in 1859 . Brisbane developed slowly until after World War II , when Brisbane played a central role in the Allied campaign as the South West Pacific headquarters for General Douglas MacArthur . More recently , Brisbane hosted the 1982 Commonwealth Games and 1988 World 's Fair , as well as the Goodwill Games in 2001 . eos
developed slowly until after World War II , when Brisbane played a central role in the Allied campaign as the South West Pacific headquarters for General Douglas MacArthur . More recently , Brisbane hosted the 1982 Commonwealth Games and 1988 World 's Fair , as well as the Goodwill Games in 2001 . eos
played a central role in the Allied campaign as the South West Pacific headquarters for General Douglas MacArthur . More recently , Brisbane hosted the 1982 Commonwealth Games and 1988 World 's Fair , as well as the Goodwill Games in 2001 . eos
hosted the 1982 Commonwealth Games and 1988 World 's Fair , as well as the Goodwill Games in 2001 . eos
( "" French : Bruxelles "" , pronounced "" IPA : "" bʁysɛl "" "" , and sometimes "" IPA : "" bʁyksɛl "" "" by non - Belgian speakers of French ; "" Tutch : Brussel "" , pronounced "" IPA : "" brʁsəl "" "" ; "" German : Brüssel "" ) is the capital of Belgium , the French Community of Belgium , the Flemish Community and the main seat of the European Union 's institutions ( and thus often considered ` The Capital of Europe ' ) . Brussels is , first of all , a city located in the centre of Belgium and Brussels is its capital , but it sometimes also refers to the largest municipality of the Brussels - Capital Region . eos
is , first of all , a city located in the centre of Belgium and Brussels is its capital , but it sometimes also refers to the largest municipality of the Brussels - Capital Region . This municipality inside Brussels is correctly named The City of Brussels ( French : Bruxelles - Ville or Ville de Bruxelles , Dutch : Stad Brussel ) , which is one of 19 municipalities that make up the Brussels - Capital Region ( see also : Municipalities of the Brussels - Capital Region ) . eos
is its capital , but it sometimes also refers to the largest municipality of the Brussels - Capital Region . This municipality inside Brussels is correctly named The City of Brussels ( French : Bruxelles - Ville or Ville de Bruxelles , Dutch : Stad Brussel ) , which is one of 19 municipalities that make up the Brussels - Capital Region ( see also : Municipalities of the Brussels - Capital Region ) . eos
is correctly named The City of Brussels ( French : Bruxelles - Ville or Ville de Bruxelles , Dutch : Stad Brussel ) , which is one of 19 municipalities that make up the Brussels - Capital Region ( see also : Municipalities of the Brussels - Capital Region ) . The municipality has a population of about 140,000 while the Brussels - Capital Region has 1,018,804 inhabitants ( 1 january 2006 ) . eos
is also the capital of both the French Community of Belgium ( Communauté française Wallonie - Bruxelles in French ) and of Flanders ( Vlaanderen ) ; all Flemish capital institutions are established here : Flemish Parliament , Flemish government and its administration ( though Antwerp is considered the cultural capital of Flanders ) . Two of the main institutions of the European Union - the European Commission and the Council of the European Union - have their headquarters in Brussels : the Commission in the Berlaymont building and the Council in the Justus Lipsius building facing it . eos
: the Commission in the Berlaymont building and the Council in the Justus Lipsius building facing it . The third institution , the European Parliament , also has a parliamentary chamber in Brussels in which its committee meet and some of its plenary sessions are held ( the other plenary sessions are held in Strasbourg , and its administrative headquarters are in Luxembourg ) . eos
in which its committee meet and some of its plenary sessions are held ( the other plenary sessions are held in Strasbourg , and its administrative headquarters are in Luxembourg ) . Brussels is also the political seat of NATO , the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation , the Western European Union ( WEU ) and EUROCONTROL , the European Organisation for the Safety of Air Navigation Due to this , some countries have three ambassadors present in Brussels : the normal bi - lateral ambassador , the EU - ambassador , and finally the NATO - ambassador . eos
is also the political seat of NATO , the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation , the Western European Union ( WEU ) and EUROCONTROL , the European Organisation for the Safety of Air Navigation Due to this , some countries have three ambassadors present in Brussels : the normal bi - lateral ambassador , the EU - ambassador , and finally the NATO - ambassador . The ` ` language border '' divides Belgium into a northern , Dutch - speaking region , and a southern , French - speaking region . eos
: the normal bi - lateral ambassador , the EU - ambassador , and finally the NATO - ambassador . The ` ` language border '' divides Belgium into a northern , Dutch - speaking region , and a southern , French - speaking region . Although the real language border and the official one are largely identical , there are bilingual pockets on both sides with , in certain cases , no specific linguistic rights for the population speaking the other language . eos
in this article : linguistic situation section ) . The highest building in Brussels is the South Tower ( 150 m ) ; the most famous probably the Atomium , which is a remnant from the 1958 World Exposition . eos
is the South Tower ( 150 m ) ; the most famous probably the Atomium , which is a remnant from the 1958 World Exposition . eos
( Romanian : Bucureşti / bukureʃt / ) is the capital city and industrial and commercial centre of Romania . Bucharest is located in the southeast of the country , at 44 ° 25 ` N , 26 ° 06 ` E , and Bucharest lies on the banks of the Dâmboviţa River . eos
is located in the southeast of the country , at 44 ° 25 ` N , 26 ° 06 ` E , and Bucharest lies on the banks of the Dâmboviţa River . By European standards Bucharest is not an old city , Bucharest existence first being referred to by scholars as late as 1459 . eos
lies on the banks of the Dâmboviţa River . By European standards Bucharest is not an old city , Bucharest existence first being referred to by scholars as late as 1459 . Since then Bucharest has gone through a variety of changes , becoming the state capital of Romania in 1862 and steadily consolidating Bucharest position as the centre of the Romanian mass media , culture and arts . eos
is not an old city , Bucharest existence first being referred to by scholars as late as 1459 . Since then Bucharest has gone through a variety of changes , becoming the state capital of Romania in 1862 and steadily consolidating Bucharest position as the centre of the Romanian mass media , culture and arts . Bucharest eclectic architecture is a mix of historical , interbellum , Communist - era , and modern . eos
existence first being referred to by scholars as late as 1459 . Since then Bucharest has gone through a variety of changes , becoming the state capital of Romania in 1862 and steadily consolidating Bucharest position as the centre of the Romanian mass media , culture and arts . Bucharest eclectic architecture is a mix of historical , interbellum , Communist - era , and modern . eos
has gone through a variety of changes , becoming the state capital of Romania in 1862 and steadily consolidating Bucharest position as the centre of the Romanian mass media , culture and arts . Bucharest eclectic architecture is a mix of historical , interbellum , Communist - era , and modern . In the period between the two World Wars , Bucharest elegant architecture and the sophistication of Bucharest elite earned Bucharest the nickname of the ` ` Paris of the East '' or ` ` Little Paris '' ( Micul Paris ) . eos
position as the centre of the Romanian mass media , culture and arts . Bucharest eclectic architecture is a mix of historical , interbellum , Communist - era , and modern . In the period between the two World Wars , Bucharest elegant architecture and the sophistication of Bucharest elite earned Bucharest the nickname of the ` ` Paris of the East '' or ` ` Little Paris '' ( Micul Paris ) . eos
eclectic architecture is a mix of historical , interbellum , Communist - era , and modern . In the period between the two World Wars , Bucharest elegant architecture and the sophistication of Bucharest elite earned Bucharest the nickname of the ` ` Paris of the East '' or ` ` Little Paris '' ( Micul Paris ) . Although many buildings and districts in the historic centre were damaged or destroyed by war , earthquakes and Nicolae Ceauşescu 's program of systematization , much survived . eos
elite earned Bucharest the nickname of the ` ` Paris of the East '' or ` ` Little Paris '' ( Micul Paris ) . Although many buildings and districts in the historic centre were damaged or destroyed by war , earthquakes and Nicolae Ceauşescu 's program of systematization , much survived . In recent years , Bucharest has been experiencing an economic and cultural boom . eos
the nickname of the ` ` Paris of the East '' or ` ` Little Paris '' ( Micul Paris ) . Although many buildings and districts in the historic centre were damaged or destroyed by war , earthquakes and Nicolae Ceauşescu 's program of systematization , much survived . In recent years , Bucharest has been experiencing an economic and cultural boom . eos
elegant architecture and the sophistication of Bucharest elite earned Bucharest the nickname of the ` ` Paris of the East '' or ` ` Little Paris '' ( Micul Paris ) . Although many buildings and districts in the historic centre were damaged or destroyed by war , earthquakes and Nicolae Ceauşescu 's program of systematization , much survived . In recent years , Bucharest has been experiencing an economic and cultural boom . eos
has been experiencing an economic and cultural boom . According to the 2002 census , Bucharest has a population of 1,921,751 . There are approximately 2.3 million inhabitants in the greater metropolitan area . eos
has a population of 1,921,751 . There are approximately 2.3 million inhabitants in the greater metropolitan area . Economically , Bucharest is by far the most prosperous in Romania and Bucharest is one of the main industrial centres and transportation hubs of Eastern Europe . eos
is by far the most prosperous in Romania and Bucharest is one of the main industrial centres and transportation hubs of Eastern Europe . As the most important city in Romania , Bucharest also has a broad range of educational facilities . Bucharest is administratively known as the Municipality of Bucharest ( Municipiul Bucureşti ) , and Bucharest has the same administrative level as a county , being further subdivided into six sectors . eos
is one of the main industrial centres and transportation hubs of Eastern Europe . As the most important city in Romania , Bucharest also has a broad range of educational facilities . Bucharest is administratively known as the Municipality of Bucharest ( Municipiul Bucureşti ) , and Bucharest has the same administrative level as a county , being further subdivided into six sectors . eos
also has a broad range of educational facilities . Bucharest is administratively known as the Municipality of Bucharest ( Municipiul Bucureşti ) , and Bucharest has the same administrative level as a county , being further subdivided into six sectors . eos
is administratively known as the Municipality of Bucharest ( Municipiul Bucureşti ) , and Bucharest has the same administrative level as a county , being further subdivided into six sectors . eos
has the same administrative level as a county , being further subdivided into six sectors . eos
( "" English : Fair Winds "" ; originally "" Spanish : Ciudad de la Santísima Trinidad y Puerto de Santa María de los Buenos Aires "" , ` ` City of the Most Holy Trinity and Port of Saint Mary of the Fair Winds '' ; pronounced "" IPA : "" ˈbwenɔs ˈajɾɛs "" "" ) is the capital of Argentina and its largest city and port . Buenos_Aires is located on the southern shore of the Río de la Plata , on the southeastern coast of the South American continent , opposite Colonia del Sacramento , Uruguay , at 34 ° 40 'S , 58 ° 24 ' W ( -34.667 , -58.40 ) . Strongly influenced by European culture , Buenos_Aires is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Paris of the South '' or ` ` Paris of South America '' . eos
is located on the southern shore of the Río de la Plata , on the southeastern coast of the South American continent , opposite Colonia del Sacramento , Uruguay , at 34 ° 40 'S , 58 ° 24 ' W ( -34.667 , -58.40 ) . Strongly influenced by European culture , Buenos_Aires is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Paris of the South '' or ` ` Paris of South America '' . Buenos_Aires is one of the most sophisticated cities in Latin America , renowned for Buenos_Aires architecture , night life , and cultural activities . eos
is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Paris of the South '' or ` ` Paris of South America '' . Buenos_Aires is one of the most sophisticated cities in Latin America , renowned for Buenos_Aires architecture , night life , and cultural activities . Buenos_Aires is also among the wealthiest cities in Latin America , housing an extensive middle - class and number of residents who have Higher Education . eos
is one of the most sophisticated cities in Latin America , renowned for Buenos_Aires architecture , night life , and cultural activities . Buenos_Aires is also among the wealthiest cities in Latin America , housing an extensive middle - class and number of residents who have Higher Education . After the internal conflicts of the 19th century , Buenos_Aires was federalised and removed from Buenos Aires Province ; Buenos_Aires city limits were enlarged to include the former towns of Belgrano and Flores - eos
architecture , night life , and cultural activities . Buenos_Aires is also among the wealthiest cities in Latin America , housing an extensive middle - class and number of residents who have Higher Education . After the internal conflicts of the 19th century , Buenos_Aires was federalised and removed from Buenos Aires Province ; Buenos_Aires city limits were enlarged to include the former towns of Belgrano and Flores - eos
is also among the wealthiest cities in Latin America , housing an extensive middle - class and number of residents who have Higher Education . After the internal conflicts of the 19th century , Buenos_Aires was federalised and removed from Buenos Aires Province ; Buenos_Aires city limits were enlarged to include the former towns of Belgrano and Flores - both are now neighbourhoods in Buenos_Aires . eos
was federalised and removed from Buenos Aires Province ; Buenos_Aires city limits were enlarged to include the former towns of Belgrano and Flores - both are now neighbourhoods in Buenos_Aires . Argentines sometimes refer to Buenos_Aires as Capital Federal to differentiate Buenos_Aires from the province of the same name . eos
city limits were enlarged to include the former towns of Belgrano and Flores - both are now neighbourhoods in Buenos_Aires . Argentines sometimes refer to Buenos_Aires as Capital Federal to differentiate Buenos_Aires from the province of the same name . eos
. Argentines sometimes refer to Buenos_Aires as Capital Federal to differentiate Buenos_Aires from the province of the same name . In the 1994 constitution , Buenos_Aires was declared an autonomous city , hence Buenos_Aires formal denomination : eos
as Capital Federal to differentiate Buenos_Aires from the province of the same name . In the 1994 constitution , Buenos_Aires was declared an autonomous city , hence Buenos_Aires formal denomination : Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires . eos
from the province of the same name . In the 1994 constitution , Buenos_Aires was declared an autonomous city , hence Buenos_Aires formal denomination : Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires . eos
was declared an autonomous city , hence Buenos_Aires formal denomination : Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires . eos
formal denomination : Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires . eos
is the capital city of Burundi . Bujumbura lies at the north eastern corner of Lake Tanganyika , and with an estimated population of 300,000 in 1994 Bujumbura is Burundi 's largest city and its administrative , communications , and economic center . eos
lies at the north eastern corner of Lake Tanganyika , and with an estimated population of 300,000 in 1994 Bujumbura is Burundi 's largest city and its administrative , communications , and economic center . Manufactures include textiles , and soap . eos
is Burundi 's largest city and its administrative , communications , and economic center . Manufactures include textiles , and soap . Bujumbura is Burundi 's main port and Bujumbura ships most of the country 's chief export , coffee , as well as cotton , skins , and tin ore . eos
is Burundi 's main port and Bujumbura ships most of the country 's chief export , coffee , as well as cotton , skins , and tin ore . Bujumbura is located at 3 ° 22 ' 34 '' South , 29 ° 21 ' 36 '' East ( -3.3761111 , 29.36 ) . eos
ships most of the country 's chief export , coffee , as well as cotton , skins , and tin ore . Bujumbura is located at 3 ° 22 ' 34 '' South , 29 ° 21 ' 36 '' East ( -3.3761111 , 29.36 ) . eos
is located at 3 ° 22 ' 34 '' South , 29 ° 21 ' 36 '' East ( -3.3761111 , 29.36 ) . eos
( "" Arabic transliteration : al - Qāhirah "" ) , It comes from the arabic word ` ` قاهرة '' means ` ` Triumphant '' eos
is the capital city of Egypt ( previously the United Arab Republic ) . Cairo has a metropolitan area population of approximately 15.2 million people . Cairo is the seventeenth most populous metropolitan area in the world ( the 10th according to 2004 statistics ) . eos
has a metropolitan area population of approximately 15.2 million people . Cairo is the seventeenth most populous metropolitan area in the world ( the 10th according to 2004 statistics ) . Cairo is also the most populous metropolitan area and the most populous city in Africa . eos
is the seventeenth most populous metropolitan area in the world ( the 10th according to 2004 statistics ) . Cairo is also the most populous metropolitan area and the most populous city in Africa . Cairo is located at 30 ° 2 ' North , 31 ° 13 ' East ( 30.03333 , 31.21667 ) . eos
is also the most populous metropolitan area and the most populous city in Africa . Cairo is located at 30 ° 2 ' North , 31 ° 13 ' East ( 30.03333 , 31.21667 ) . While al - Qāhirah is the official name of Cairo , in local speech Cairo is typically called simply by the name of the country , Miṣr ( Arabic , مصر ) pronounced Maṣr in the local dialect . eos
is located at 30 ° 2 ' North , 31 ° 13 ' East ( 30.03333 , 31.21667 ) . While al - Qāhirah is the official name of Cairo , in local speech Cairo is typically called simply by the name of the country , Miṣr ( Arabic , مصر ) pronounced Maṣr in the local dialect . eos
, in local speech Cairo is typically called simply by the name of the country , Miṣr ( Arabic , مصر ) pronounced Maṣr in the local dialect . eos
is typically called simply by the name of the country , Miṣr ( Arabic , مصر ) pronounced Maṣr in the local dialect . eos
is the largest city in the province of Alberta , Canada . Calgary is in the south of the province , in a region of foothills and high plains , approximately 80 km east of the front ranges of the Canadian Rockies . Calgary is the third largest civic municipality , by population , in Canada . eos
is in the south of the province , in a region of foothills and high plains , approximately 80 km east of the front ranges of the Canadian Rockies . Calgary is the third largest civic municipality , by population , in Canada . As of april 2006 , Calgary population was 991,759 . eos
is the third largest civic municipality , by population , in Canada . As of april 2006 , Calgary population was 991,759 . The estimated metropolitan population ( CMA ) was 1,060,300 in 2005 ( see Calgary Region ) , making Greater Calgary the fifth largest Census Metropolitan Area in the country . eos
population was 991,759 . The estimated metropolitan population ( CMA ) was 1,060,300 in 2005 ( see Calgary Region ) , making Greater Calgary the fifth largest Census Metropolitan Area in the country . Calgary is located within the relatively densely populated ` ` Calgary - Edmonton Corridor '' . eos
is located within the relatively densely populated ` ` Calgary - Edmonton Corridor '' . Calgary is the largest Canadian metropolitan area between Toronto and Vancouver . A resident of Calgary is known as a Calgarian . eos
is the largest Canadian metropolitan area between Toronto and Vancouver . A resident of Calgary is known as a Calgarian . Calgary is well - known as a destination for winter sports and ecotourism with a number of major mountain resorts near Calgary and metropolitan area . eos
is known as a Calgarian . Calgary is well - known as a destination for winter sports and ecotourism with a number of major mountain resorts near Calgary and metropolitan area . Calgary economy is mostly centred on the petroleum industry ( see Canadian Oil Patch ) , however agriculture , tourism , and the high - tech industries also contribute to Calgary fast economic growth . eos
is well - known as a destination for winter sports and ecotourism with a number of major mountain resorts near Calgary and metropolitan area . Calgary economy is mostly centred on the petroleum industry ( see Canadian Oil Patch ) , however agriculture , tourism , and the high - tech industries also contribute to Calgary fast economic growth . Calgary also holds many major annual festivals , including the Calgary Stampede , the Folk Music Festival , the Lilac Festival , One World Festival ( GlobalFest ) , and the second largest Caribbean festival in the country ( Carifest ) . eos
and metropolitan area . Calgary economy is mostly centred on the petroleum industry ( see Canadian Oil Patch ) , however agriculture , tourism , and the high - tech industries also contribute to Calgary fast economic growth . Calgary also holds many major annual festivals , including the Calgary Stampede , the Folk Music Festival , the Lilac Festival , One World Festival ( GlobalFest ) , and the second largest Caribbean festival in the country ( Carifest ) . eos
economy is mostly centred on the petroleum industry ( see Canadian Oil Patch ) , however agriculture , tourism , and the high - tech industries also contribute to Calgary fast economic growth . Calgary also holds many major annual festivals , including the Calgary Stampede , the Folk Music Festival , the Lilac Festival , One World Festival ( GlobalFest ) , and the second largest Caribbean festival in the country ( Carifest ) . In 1988 , Calgary became the first Canadian city to host The Olympic Winter Games . eos
fast economic growth . Calgary also holds many major annual festivals , including the Calgary Stampede , the Folk Music Festival , the Lilac Festival , One World Festival ( GlobalFest ) , and the second largest Caribbean festival in the country ( Carifest ) . In 1988 , Calgary became the first Canadian city to host The Olympic Winter Games . eos
also holds many major annual festivals , including the Calgary Stampede , the Folk Music Festival , the Lilac Festival , One World Festival ( GlobalFest ) , and the second largest Caribbean festival in the country ( Carifest ) . In 1988 , Calgary became the first Canadian city to host The Olympic Winter Games . eos
became the first Canadian city to host The Olympic Winter Games . eos
is the capital city of Australia and with a population of just over 325,000 people , Canberra is Australia 's largest inland city . Canberra is located at the northern end of the Australian Capital Territory , 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) southwest of Sydney , and 650 kilometres ( 400 mi ) north - east of Melbourne . The site of Canberra was selected for the location of the nation 's capital in 1908 as a compromise between Sydney and Melbourne , the two largest cities . eos
is Australia 's largest inland city . Canberra is located at the northern end of the Australian Capital Territory , 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) southwest of Sydney , and 650 kilometres ( 400 mi ) north - east of Melbourne . The site of Canberra was selected for the location of the nation 's capital in 1908 as a compromise between Sydney and Melbourne , the two largest cities . eos
is located at the northern end of the Australian Capital Territory , 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) southwest of Sydney , and 650 kilometres ( 400 mi ) north - east of Melbourne . The site of Canberra was selected for the location of the nation 's capital in 1908 as a compromise between Sydney and Melbourne , the two largest cities . Canberra is unusual among Australian cities as an entirely purpose - built , planned city . eos
was selected for the location of the nation 's capital in 1908 as a compromise between Sydney and Melbourne , the two largest cities . Canberra is unusual among Australian cities as an entirely purpose - built , planned city . Following an international contest for Canberra design , a design by Chicago architect Walter Burley Griffin was selected and construction commenced in 1913 . eos
is unusual among Australian cities as an entirely purpose - built , planned city . Following an international contest for Canberra design , a design by Chicago architect Walter Burley Griffin was selected and construction commenced in 1913 . Canberra design was heavily influenced by the garden city movement and incorporates significant areas of natural vegetation that have earned Canberra the title ` ` bush capital '' . eos
design , a design by Chicago architect Walter Burley Griffin was selected and construction commenced in 1913 . Canberra design was heavily influenced by the garden city movement and incorporates significant areas of natural vegetation that have earned Canberra the title ` ` bush capital '' . Although the growth and development of Canberra was hindered by the World Wars and the Great Depression , Canberra emerged as a thriving city after World War II . eos
design was heavily influenced by the garden city movement and incorporates significant areas of natural vegetation that have earned Canberra the title ` ` bush capital '' . Although the growth and development of Canberra was hindered by the World Wars and the Great Depression , Canberra emerged as a thriving city after World War II . As the seat of the government of Australia , Canberra is the site of Parliament House , the High Court of Australia and numerous government departments and agencies . eos
the title ` ` bush capital '' . Although the growth and development of Canberra was hindered by the World Wars and the Great Depression , Canberra emerged as a thriving city after World War II . As the seat of the government of Australia , Canberra is the site of Parliament House , the High Court of Australia and numerous government departments and agencies . eos
emerged as a thriving city after World War II . As the seat of the government of Australia , Canberra is the site of Parliament House , the High Court of Australia and numerous government departments and agencies . Canberra is also the location of several social and cultural institutions of national significance . eos
was hindered by the World Wars and the Great Depression , Canberra emerged as a thriving city after World War II . As the seat of the government of Australia , Canberra is the site of Parliament House , the High Court of Australia and numerous government departments and agencies . Canberra is also the location of several social and cultural institutions of national significance . eos
is the site of Parliament House , the High Court of Australia and numerous government departments and agencies . Canberra is also the location of several social and cultural institutions of national significance . The federal government contributes the largest percentage of Gross State Product and is the largest employer in Canberra . eos
is also the location of several social and cultural institutions of national significance . The federal government contributes the largest percentage of Gross State Product and is the largest employer in Canberra . Canberra is also a popular destination for domestic and international tourists . eos
. Canberra is also a popular destination for domestic and international tourists . Most Australians pronounce Canberra name in two syllables as either "" IPA : / ˈkænbɹə / "" or "" IPA : / ˈkæmbɹə / "" ( ` Can - bra ' or ` Cam - bra ' ) . eos
is also a popular destination for domestic and international tourists . Most Australians pronounce Canberra name in two syllables as either "" IPA : / ˈkænbɹə / "" or "" IPA : / ˈkæmbɹə / "" ( ` Can - bra ' or ` Cam - bra ' ) . It is also less commonly known as "" IPA : / ˈkænbəɹə / "" or "" IPA : / kænbeɹə / "" . eos
name in two syllables as either "" IPA : / ˈkænbɹə / "" or "" IPA : / ˈkæmbɹə / "" ( ` Can - bra ' or ` Cam - bra ' ) . It is also less commonly known as "" IPA : / ˈkænbəɹə / "" or "" IPA : / kænbeɹə / "" . The inhabitants are referred to as "" IPA : / kænbeɹəns / "" ( ` Canberrans ' ) . eos
( Afrikaans : Kaapstad / ˈkɑːpstɑt / eos
is the provincial capital of the Western Cape , as well as the legislative capital of South Africa , where the National Parliament and many government offices are located . Cape_Town is famous for Cape_Town harbour as well as Cape_Town natural setting in the Cape floral kingdom , including such well - known landmarks as Table Mountain and Cape Point . Often regarded as one of the world 's most beautiful cities because of Cape_Town geography , Cape_Town is the most popular South African destination for tourism . eos
is famous for Cape_Town harbour as well as Cape_Town natural setting in the Cape floral kingdom , including such well - known landmarks as Table Mountain and Cape Point . Often regarded as one of the world 's most beautiful cities because of Cape_Town geography , Cape_Town is the most popular South African destination for tourism . Cape_Town originally developed as a victualling station for Dutch ships sailing to Eastern Africa , India , and Asia . eos
harbour as well as Cape_Town natural setting in the Cape floral kingdom , including such well - known landmarks as Table Mountain and Cape Point . Often regarded as one of the world 's most beautiful cities because of Cape_Town geography , Cape_Town is the most popular South African destination for tourism . Cape_Town originally developed as a victualling station for Dutch ships sailing to Eastern Africa , India , and Asia . eos
natural setting in the Cape floral kingdom , including such well - known landmarks as Table Mountain and Cape Point . Often regarded as one of the world 's most beautiful cities because of Cape_Town geography , Cape_Town is the most popular South African destination for tourism . Cape_Town originally developed as a victualling station for Dutch ships sailing to Eastern Africa , India , and Asia . eos
geography , Cape_Town is the most popular South African destination for tourism . Cape_Town originally developed as a victualling station for Dutch ships sailing to Eastern Africa , India , and Asia . Jan van Riebeeck 's arrival on 6 april 1652 established the first permanent European settlement in sub - Saharan Africa . eos
is the most popular South African destination for tourism . Cape_Town originally developed as a victualling station for Dutch ships sailing to Eastern Africa , India , and Asia . Jan van Riebeeck 's arrival on 6 april 1652 established the first permanent European settlement in sub - Saharan Africa . eos
originally developed as a victualling station for Dutch ships sailing to Eastern Africa , India , and Asia . Jan van Riebeeck 's arrival on 6 april 1652 established the first permanent European settlement in sub - Saharan Africa . Cape_Town quickly outgrew Cape_Town original purpose as the first European outpost at the Castle of Good Hope . eos
original purpose as the first European outpost at the Castle of Good Hope . Cape_Town was the largest city in South Africa until the growth of Johannesburg and Durban . According to the 2001 Census , Cape_Town has a population of 2.9 million . eos
quickly outgrew Cape_Town original purpose as the first European outpost at the Castle of Good Hope . Cape_Town was the largest city in South Africa until the growth of Johannesburg and Durban . According to the 2001 Census , Cape_Town has a population of 2.9 million . eos
was the largest city in South Africa until the growth of Johannesburg and Durban . According to the 2001 Census , Cape_Town has a population of 2.9 million . Cape_Town is town twinned with Nice in France . eos
has a population of 2.9 million . Cape_Town is town twinned with Nice in France . eos
is town twinned with Nice in France . eos
( pron . IPA "" IPA : "" ka ` ɾakas "" "" ) is the capital of Venezuela . Caracas is located in the north of the country , following the contours of a narrow mountain valley located on the Venezuelan coastal range ( Cordillera de la Costa ) . eos
is located in the north of the country , following the contours of a narrow mountain valley located on the Venezuelan coastal range ( Cordillera de la Costa ) . The valley 's temperatures are springlike , and the urbanizable terrain of the Caracas Valley lies between 2,500 and 3,000 ft ( 760 and 910 m ) above sea level . The Valley is close to the Caribbean Sea , separated from the coast by a steep mountain range ( Cerro Ívila ) that rises above 7400 ft ( 2200 m ) ; to the south lies further hills and mountains . eos
, known as the Libertador District , had an estimated population of 2.1 million in 2005 . In that same year , the official metropolitan area had an estimated population of 3.3 million . Distrito Capital ( Capital District ) is the name of Caracas primary seat , covering part of Miranda State . eos
primary seat , covering part of Miranda State . The population of Caracas urban agglomeration ( Greater Caracas , including neighboring cities out of the Capital District ) is about 4.7 million . eos
urban agglomeration ( Greater Caracas , including neighboring cities out of the Capital District ) is about 4.7 million . eos
( Spanish for ` ` white house '' ; Standard Arabic : الدار البيضاء transliterated ad - Dār al - Bayḍā ; Moroccan Arabic : dar beïda ) is a city in western Morocco , located on the Atlantic Ocean . Casablanca is the capital of the Grand Casablanca region . eos
is the capital of the Grand Casablanca region . With a population of 3.5 million ( september 2004 census ) , Casablanca is Morocco 's largest city as well as its chief port , and Casablanca is thus considered its economic capital , while its political capital is Rabat . Casablanca is located at . eos
is Morocco 's largest city as well as its chief port , and Casablanca is thus considered its economic capital , while its political capital is Rabat . Casablanca is located at . eos
is thus considered its economic capital , while its political capital is Rabat . Casablanca is located at . eos
is located at . eos
, population 11 147 ( 1991 ) , is the capital city of Saint Lucia , a country in the West Indies . Castries is located at 14 ° 1 ` N , 60 ° 59 ` W. The main post office is located in Castries . eos
is located at 14 ° 1 ` N , 60 ° 59 ` W. The main post office is located in Castries . Because most parts of the country do n't use standard street addresses , mail is largely sent to PO boxes . eos
. Because most parts of the country do n't use standard street addresses , mail is largely sent to PO boxes . Any mail sent without a town name ends up in the Castries post office . eos
pronunciation ( "" Tamil : செனுனை "" ) , formerly known as Madras pronunciation , is the capital of the state of Tamil Nadu and Chennai is India 's fourth largest metropolitan city . Chennai is located on the Coromandel Coast of the Bay of Bengal . With an estimated population of 6.96 million ( 2006 ) , Chennai is the 34th largest metropolitan area in the world . eos
is India 's fourth largest metropolitan city . Chennai is located on the Coromandel Coast of the Bay of Bengal . With an estimated population of 6.96 million ( 2006 ) , Chennai is the 34th largest metropolitan area in the world . eos
is located on the Coromandel Coast of the Bay of Bengal . With an estimated population of 6.96 million ( 2006 ) , Chennai is the 34th largest metropolitan area in the world . Chennai is a large commercial and industrial centre , and Chennai is known for Chennai cultural heritage and temple architecture . eos
is the 34th largest metropolitan area in the world . Chennai is a large commercial and industrial centre , and Chennai is known for Chennai cultural heritage and temple architecture . Chennai is also a hub for south Indian classical music and dance performances . eos
is a large commercial and industrial centre , and Chennai is known for Chennai cultural heritage and temple architecture . Chennai is also a hub for south Indian classical music and dance performances . Chennai is considered the automobile capital of India , with a major percentage of the automobile industry having a base here and a major portion of the nation 's vehicles being produced here . eos
is known for Chennai cultural heritage and temple architecture . Chennai is also a hub for south Indian classical music and dance performances . Chennai is considered the automobile capital of India , with a major percentage of the automobile industry having a base here and a major portion of the nation 's vehicles being produced here . eos
cultural heritage and temple architecture . Chennai is also a hub for south Indian classical music and dance performances . Chennai is considered the automobile capital of India , with a major percentage of the automobile industry having a base here and a major portion of the nation 's vehicles being produced here . eos
is also a hub for south Indian classical music and dance performances . Chennai is considered the automobile capital of India , with a major percentage of the automobile industry having a base here and a major portion of the nation 's vehicles being produced here . This has led to Chennai being referred to as the Detroit of South Asia . eos
is considered the automobile capital of India , with a major percentage of the automobile industry having a base here and a major portion of the nation 's vehicles being produced here . This has led to Chennai being referred to as the Detroit of South Asia . Chennai has also become a major centre for outsourced jobs from the West . eos
being referred to as the Detroit of South Asia . Chennai has also become a major centre for outsourced jobs from the West . The 12-kilometre long Marina Beach forms Chennai east coast and is one of the longest beaches in the world . eos
has also become a major centre for outsourced jobs from the West . The 12-kilometre long Marina Beach forms Chennai east coast and is one of the longest beaches in the world . Chennai is known for Chennai sport venues and Chennai hosts an ATP tennis event , the Chennai Open . eos
east coast and is one of the longest beaches in the world . Chennai is known for Chennai sport venues and Chennai hosts an ATP tennis event , the Chennai Open . Chennai is also one of the rare cities to accommodate a national park , the Guindy National Park , within Chennai city limits . eos
is known for Chennai sport venues and Chennai hosts an ATP tennis event , the Chennai Open . Chennai is also one of the rare cities to accommodate a national park , the Guindy National Park , within Chennai city limits . eos
sport venues and Chennai hosts an ATP tennis event , the Chennai Open . Chennai is also one of the rare cities to accommodate a national park , the Guindy National Park , within Chennai city limits . eos
hosts an ATP tennis event , the Chennai Open . Chennai is also one of the rare cities to accommodate a national park , the Guindy National Park , within Chennai city limits . eos
is also one of the rare cities to accommodate a national park , the Guindy National Park , within Chennai city limits . eos
city limits . eos
( කොළඹ in Sinhala ; கொழுமுபு in Tamil ) is the largest city and commercial capital of Sri Lanka , located on the southwest coast adjacent to the present administrative capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . The name Colombo is derived from the Sinhala name Kola - amba - thota which means ` ` harbour with leafy mango trees '' . Traveller Ibn Batuta in the 14th century referred to Colombo as Kalanpu . eos
as Kalanpu . eos
( also Konakry , Malinké Kɔnakiri ) , population 2,000,000 ( 2002 ) , is the capital of Guinea . Conakry is a port on the Atlantic Ocean . Conakry is located at 9 ° 30 ' North , 13 ° 40 ' West ( 9.5 , -13.6667 ) . eos
is a port on the Atlantic Ocean . Conakry is located at 9 ° 30 ' North , 13 ° 40 ' West ( 9.5 , -13.6667 ) . eos
is located at 9 ° 30 ' North , 13 ° 40 ' West ( 9.5 , -13.6667 ) . eos
( "" IPA : kəʊpənˈheɪgən "" , rhyming with pagan ( the way the Danes themselves pronounce the name of Copenhagen in English ) , or "" IPA : "" kəʊpənˈhɑˑgən "" "" , with a as in spa ; Danish København "" IPA : købn̩ˈhaʊˀn "" ) is the capital of Denmark and the country 's largest city ( metropolitan population 1,211,542 ( 2006 ) ) , at present made up of 16 municipalities . It is also the name of the adjacent county . eos
in English ) , or "" IPA : "" kəʊpənˈhɑˑgən "" "" , with a as in spa ; Danish København "" IPA : købn̩ˈhaʊˀn "" ) is the capital of Denmark and the country 's largest city ( metropolitan population 1,211,542 ( 2006 ) ) , at present made up of 16 municipalities . It is also the name of the adjacent county . eos
is the seat of the national parliament , the government , and the monarchy . The original designation for Copenhagen , from which the contemporary Danish name is derived , was Kjøbmandehavn , ` ` merchants ' harbor '' . The English name for Copenhagen is derived from Copenhagen German name , Kopenhagen . eos
, from which the contemporary Danish name is derived , was Kjøbmandehavn , ` ` merchants ' harbor '' . The English name for Copenhagen is derived from Copenhagen German name , Kopenhagen . The element hafnium is named after Copenhagen Latin name , Hafnia . eos
is derived from Copenhagen German name , Kopenhagen . The element hafnium is named after Copenhagen Latin name , Hafnia . eos
German name , Kopenhagen . The element hafnium is named after Copenhagen Latin name , Hafnia . eos
Latin name , Hafnia . eos
is the capital city of Senegal , located on the Cape Verde Peninsula , on the country 's Atlantic coast . Dakar position , on the western edge of Africa ( Dakar is the westernmost African city ) , is an advantageous departure point for trans - Atlantic and European trade ; this fact aided Dakar growth into a major regional port . In 2005 the population of the metropolitan area was estimated at 2.4 million people , of which about 1 million live in Dakar . eos
position , on the western edge of Africa ( Dakar is the westernmost African city ) , is an advantageous departure point for trans - Atlantic and European trade ; this fact aided Dakar growth into a major regional port . In 2005 the population of the metropolitan area was estimated at 2.4 million people , of which about 1 million live in Dakar . Dakar is a major administrative centre , home to the Senegal National Assembly and Senegal Presidential Palace . eos
is the westernmost African city ) , is an advantageous departure point for trans - Atlantic and European trade ; this fact aided Dakar growth into a major regional port . In 2005 the population of the metropolitan area was estimated at 2.4 million people , of which about 1 million live in Dakar . Dakar is a major administrative centre , home to the Senegal National Assembly and Senegal Presidential Palace . eos
growth into a major regional port . In 2005 the population of the metropolitan area was estimated at 2.4 million people , of which about 1 million live in Dakar . Dakar is a major administrative centre , home to the Senegal National Assembly and Senegal Presidential Palace . eos
. Dakar is a major administrative centre , home to the Senegal National Assembly and Senegal Presidential Palace . eos
is a major administrative centre , home to the Senegal National Assembly and Senegal Presidential Palace . eos
( "" Arabic : دمشق "" "" Arabic transliteration : Dimashq "" Also commonly : الشام ash - Shām ) is the largest city and capital of Syria . Damascus is thought to be one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world ( see : ancient history ) , before Al Fayyum , and Gaziantep . eos
is thought to be one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world ( see : ancient history ) , before Al Fayyum , and Gaziantep . Damascus current population is estimated at about 4.5 million . Damascus is a governorate by itself , and the capital of the governorate of Rif Dimashq ( Rural Damascus ) . eos
current population is estimated at about 4.5 million . Damascus is a governorate by itself , and the capital of the governorate of Rif Dimashq ( Rural Damascus ) . eos
is a governorate by itself , and the capital of the governorate of Rif Dimashq ( Rural Damascus ) . eos
, formerly known as Stann Creek Town , is a town in the south of the nation of Belize , at the mouth of the river of Stann Creek on the Caribbean Sea . Dangriga is the capital of Belize 's Stann Creek District . Dangriga was long the second largest population center in the country behind Belize City , but in recent years Dangriga has been surpassed by Orange Walk Town . eos
is the capital of Belize 's Stann Creek District . Dangriga was long the second largest population center in the country behind Belize City , but in recent years Dangriga has been surpassed by Orange Walk Town . Dangriga has some 9,100 people . eos
was long the second largest population center in the country behind Belize City , but in recent years Dangriga has been surpassed by Orange Walk Town . Dangriga has some 9,100 people . In Belize Dangriga has gained the nickname ` ` The Culture Capital '' for Dangriga mix of diverse peoples and cultures , being the home of some of Belize 's most innovative musical forms and sporting activities . eos
has been surpassed by Orange Walk Town . Dangriga has some 9,100 people . In Belize Dangriga has gained the nickname ` ` The Culture Capital '' for Dangriga mix of diverse peoples and cultures , being the home of some of Belize 's most innovative musical forms and sporting activities . eos
has some 9,100 people . In Belize Dangriga has gained the nickname ` ` The Culture Capital '' for Dangriga mix of diverse peoples and cultures , being the home of some of Belize 's most innovative musical forms and sporting activities . Dangriga was first settled under the name ` ` Stann Creek Town '' as a trading and logging post in the late 17th century . eos
has gained the nickname ` ` The Culture Capital '' for Dangriga mix of diverse peoples and cultures , being the home of some of Belize 's most innovative musical forms and sporting activities . Dangriga was first settled under the name ` ` Stann Creek Town '' as a trading and logging post in the late 17th century . The population is mostly a mixture of Garifunas , Creoles ( Kriols ) , and Mestizos . eos
mix of diverse peoples and cultures , being the home of some of Belize 's most innovative musical forms and sporting activities . Dangriga was first settled under the name ` ` Stann Creek Town '' as a trading and logging post in the late 17th century . The population is mostly a mixture of Garifunas , Creoles ( Kriols ) , and Mestizos . eos
was first settled under the name ` ` Stann Creek Town '' as a trading and logging post in the late 17th century . The population is mostly a mixture of Garifunas , Creoles ( Kriols ) , and Mestizos . eos
and the National Capital Territory of Delhi are coextensive and for most practical purposes they are considered to be the same entity . New Delhi , an urban area within Delhi , is the seat of the Government of India . Delhi is the seventh most populous metropolis in the world with a population of 15.3 million ( 2005 figure ) . eos
, is the seat of the Government of India . Delhi is the seventh most populous metropolis in the world with a population of 15.3 million ( 2005 figure ) . Delhi metropolitan area , informally known as the National Capital Region ( NCR ) , comprises of the NCT and the neighbouring satellite towns of Faridabad and Gurgaon in Haryana , and Noida and Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh making it the sixth most populous agglomeration in the world , with an estimated population of 19.7 million . eos
is the seventh most populous metropolis in the world with a population of 15.3 million ( 2005 figure ) . Delhi metropolitan area , informally known as the National Capital Region ( NCR ) , comprises of the NCT and the neighbouring satellite towns of Faridabad and Gurgaon in Haryana , and Noida and Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh making it the sixth most populous agglomeration in the world , with an estimated population of 19.7 million . Delhi has a vibrant history . eos
metropolitan area , informally known as the National Capital Region ( NCR ) , comprises of the NCT and the neighbouring satellite towns of Faridabad and Gurgaon in Haryana , and Noida and Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh making it the sixth most populous agglomeration in the world , with an estimated population of 19.7 million . Delhi has a vibrant history . Delhi was the capital of several empires in ancient India and Delhi has over 60,000 recognized monuments built over several millennia . eos
has a vibrant history . Delhi was the capital of several empires in ancient India and Delhi has over 60,000 recognized monuments built over several millennia . Delhi derives Delhi historic importance from Delhi position in northern India between the Aravalli Hills to the southwest and the Yamuna river on whose western banks Delhi stands . eos
was the capital of several empires in ancient India and Delhi has over 60,000 recognized monuments built over several millennia . Delhi derives Delhi historic importance from Delhi position in northern India between the Aravalli Hills to the southwest and the Yamuna river on whose western banks Delhi stands . This enabled Delhi to dominate the old trade routes from northwest India to the plains of the Ganges . eos
has over 60,000 recognized monuments built over several millennia . Delhi derives Delhi historic importance from Delhi position in northern India between the Aravalli Hills to the southwest and the Yamuna river on whose western banks Delhi stands . This enabled Delhi to dominate the old trade routes from northwest India to the plains of the Ganges . eos
position in northern India between the Aravalli Hills to the southwest and the Yamuna river on whose western banks Delhi stands . This enabled Delhi to dominate the old trade routes from northwest India to the plains of the Ganges . As a result , Delhi has long been an important cultural , political , and intellectual centre . eos
stands . This enabled Delhi to dominate the old trade routes from northwest India to the plains of the Ganges . As a result , Delhi has long been an important cultural , political , and intellectual centre . eos
derives Delhi historic importance from Delhi position in northern India between the Aravalli Hills to the southwest and the Yamuna river on whose western banks Delhi stands . This enabled Delhi to dominate the old trade routes from northwest India to the plains of the Ganges . As a result , Delhi has long been an important cultural , political , and intellectual centre . eos
historic importance from Delhi position in northern India between the Aravalli Hills to the southwest and the Yamuna river on whose western banks Delhi stands . This enabled Delhi to dominate the old trade routes from northwest India to the plains of the Ganges . As a result , Delhi has long been an important cultural , political , and intellectual centre . eos
to dominate the old trade routes from northwest India to the plains of the Ganges . As a result , Delhi has long been an important cultural , political , and intellectual centre . Due to a high migration rate , Delhi registers as one of the fastest growing cities in Asia . eos
has long been an important cultural , political , and intellectual centre . Due to a high migration rate , Delhi registers as one of the fastest growing cities in Asia . As a consequence , Delhi faces key issues like environmental degradation , air and water pollution , traffic congestion and acute power and water shortages . eos
registers as one of the fastest growing cities in Asia . As a consequence , Delhi faces key issues like environmental degradation , air and water pollution , traffic congestion and acute power and water shortages . eos
faces key issues like environmental degradation , air and water pollution , traffic congestion and acute power and water shortages . eos
( previously Dacca ; Bangla : ঢাকা āhaka ; "" IPA : ɖʱaka "" ) is the capital of Bangladesh and the Dhaka District . Located on the banks of the Buriganga River , Dhaka and its metropolitan area have a population of 11 million , making Dhaka the largest city in Bangladesh and one of the most populous cities in the world . eos
and its metropolitan area have a population of 11 million , making Dhaka the largest city in Bangladesh and one of the most populous cities in the world . Under Mughal rule , Dhaka was also known as Jahangir Nagar . Dhaka was largely developed by British authorities and Dhaka soon became the second - largest city in Bengal after Kolkata . eos
the largest city in Bangladesh and one of the most populous cities in the world . Under Mughal rule , Dhaka was also known as Jahangir Nagar . Dhaka was largely developed by British authorities and Dhaka soon became the second - largest city in Bengal after Kolkata . eos
was also known as Jahangir Nagar . Dhaka was largely developed by British authorities and Dhaka soon became the second - largest city in Bengal after Kolkata . With the partition of India , Dhaka became the administrative capital of East Pakistan before becoming the capital of an independent Bangladesh in 1972 . eos
was largely developed by British authorities and Dhaka soon became the second - largest city in Bengal after Kolkata . With the partition of India , Dhaka became the administrative capital of East Pakistan before becoming the capital of an independent Bangladesh in 1972 . During this period Dhaka witnessed extensive political turmoil , including many periods of martial law , the declaration of Bangladesh 's independence , military suppression and devastation from war and natural calamities . eos
soon became the second - largest city in Bengal after Kolkata . With the partition of India , Dhaka became the administrative capital of East Pakistan before becoming the capital of an independent Bangladesh in 1972 . During this period Dhaka witnessed extensive political turmoil , including many periods of martial law , the declaration of Bangladesh 's independence , military suppression and devastation from war and natural calamities . eos
became the administrative capital of East Pakistan before becoming the capital of an independent Bangladesh in 1972 . During this period Dhaka witnessed extensive political turmoil , including many periods of martial law , the declaration of Bangladesh 's independence , military suppression and devastation from war and natural calamities . Dhaka is the centre of political , cultural and economic life in Bangladesh , enjoying the highest literacy rate amongst other Bangladeshi cities and a diverse economy . eos
witnessed extensive political turmoil , including many periods of martial law , the declaration of Bangladesh 's independence , military suppression and devastation from war and natural calamities . Dhaka is the centre of political , cultural and economic life in Bangladesh , enjoying the highest literacy rate amongst other Bangladeshi cities and a diverse economy . While the urban infrastructure is the most developed in the country , Dhaka suffers from severe challenges such as pollution , congestion , supply shortages , poverty and crime . eos
is the centre of political , cultural and economic life in Bangladesh , enjoying the highest literacy rate amongst other Bangladeshi cities and a diverse economy . While the urban infrastructure is the most developed in the country , Dhaka suffers from severe challenges such as pollution , congestion , supply shortages , poverty and crime . In recent decades Dhaka has seen a modernisation of transport , communications and public works . eos
suffers from severe challenges such as pollution , congestion , supply shortages , poverty and crime . In recent decades Dhaka has seen a modernisation of transport , communications and public works . Dhaka is attracting considerable foreign investment , greater volumes of commerce and trade and an increasing influx of people from across the nation . eos
has seen a modernisation of transport , communications and public works . Dhaka is attracting considerable foreign investment , greater volumes of commerce and trade and an increasing influx of people from across the nation . eos
is attracting considerable foreign investment , greater volumes of commerce and trade and an increasing influx of people from across the nation . eos
"" translation : ` ` It has sunk '' "" , population 324,347 ( 2002 census ) , is the national capital of Tanzania , third biggest city in the country , and also the capital of the Dodoma region . In 1973 , plans were made to move the capital to Dodoma . Tanzania 's National Assembly moved there in february 1996 , but many government offices remain in the original national capital , Dar es Salaam . eos
. Tanzania 's National Assembly moved there in february 1996 , but many government offices remain in the original national capital , Dar es Salaam . eos
( Arabic : الدوحة ; , Ad - Dawḥah or Ad - Dōḥah ) , population 400,051 ( 2005 census ) , is the capital of Qatar , and Doha is at 25.3 N 51.5333 E , on the Persian Gulf . Doha is located in the Ad Dawhah municipality , sometimes also known as the capital municipality . eos
is at 25.3 N 51.5333 E , on the Persian Gulf . Doha is located in the Ad Dawhah municipality , sometimes also known as the capital municipality . Doha is Qatar 's largest city , with over 80 % of the population residing in Doha or Doha suburbs , and Doha is the economic centre of the country . eos
is located in the Ad Dawhah municipality , sometimes also known as the capital municipality . Doha is Qatar 's largest city , with over 80 % of the population residing in Doha or Doha suburbs , and Doha is the economic centre of the country . Doha is home to the Education City , an area devoted to research and education . eos
is Qatar 's largest city , with over 80 % of the population residing in Doha or Doha suburbs , and Doha is the economic centre of the country . Doha is home to the Education City , an area devoted to research and education . Doha is currently preparing for the 2006 Asian Games , which are set to be held in Doha in december 2006 . eos
or Doha suburbs , and Doha is the economic centre of the country . Doha is home to the Education City , an area devoted to research and education . Doha is currently preparing for the 2006 Asian Games , which are set to be held in Doha in december 2006 . eos
suburbs , and Doha is the economic centre of the country . Doha is home to the Education City , an area devoted to research and education . Doha is currently preparing for the 2006 Asian Games , which are set to be held in Doha in december 2006 . eos
is the economic centre of the country . Doha is home to the Education City , an area devoted to research and education . Doha is currently preparing for the 2006 Asian Games , which are set to be held in Doha in december 2006 . eos
is home to the Education City , an area devoted to research and education . Doha is currently preparing for the 2006 Asian Games , which are set to be held in Doha in december 2006 . eos
in december 2006 . eos
is currently preparing for the 2006 Asian Games , which are set to be held in Doha in december 2006 . eos
is the largest city in Cameroon and the capital of Cameroon 's Littoral Province . Home to Cameroon 's largest port and its major international airport , Douala Airport , Douala is the commercial capital of the country . Conseqeuently , Douala handles most of the country 's major exports , such as oil , cocoa and coffee , as well as trade to or from Chad . eos
is the commercial capital of the country . Conseqeuently , Douala handles most of the country 's major exports , such as oil , cocoa and coffee , as well as trade to or from Chad . Douala is also home to the Eko Market , the country 's largest market . eos
handles most of the country 's major exports , such as oil , cocoa and coffee , as well as trade to or from Chad . Douala is also home to the Eko Market , the country 's largest market . eos
is also home to the Eko Market , the country 's largest market . eos
( "" Irish : Baile Ítha Cliath "" ) is the capital and the largest city of the Republic of Ireland , located near the midpoint of Ireland 's east coast , at the mouth of the River Liffey and Dublin forms the centre of the Dublin Region . eos
forms the centre of the Dublin Region . Originally founded as a centre of Viking settlement , Dublin has been Ireland 's capital city since mediæval times . Dublin is the entire area administered by Dublin City Council . eos
has been Ireland 's capital city since mediæval times . Dublin is the entire area administered by Dublin City Council . However , when most people talk about ` Dublin ' , they also refer to the contiguous suburban areas that run into the adjacent counties of Dun Laoghaire - Rathdown , Fingal and South Dublin . eos
is the entire area administered by Dublin City Council . However , when most people talk about ` Dublin ' , they also refer to the contiguous suburban areas that run into the adjacent counties of Dun Laoghaire - Rathdown , Fingal and South Dublin . This area is sometimes known as ` Urban Dublin ' or the ` Dublin Metropolitan Area ' . eos
( i.e. the administrative area controlled by Dublin City Council ) was 505,739 at the census of 2006 . Beyond this , at the same census the Dublin Region population was 1,186,159 , whilst the Greater Dublin Area had a figure of 1,661,185 . A person from Dublin is known as a Dubliner or a Dub . eos
is known as a Dubliner or a Dub . In a 2003 survey , Dublin was found to be the best capital city in Europe to live in , and the Republic of Ireland was also the best country to live in . eos
was found to be the best capital city in Europe to live in , and the Republic of Ireland was also the best country to live in . eos
( Tajik : Душанбе , دوشنبه ) , population 562,000 people ( 2000 census ) , is the capital of Tajikistan . The name is derived from the Persian word for ` ` Monday '' ( du ` ` two '' + shamba or shanbe ` ` day '' , lit . ` ` day two '' ) and refers to the fact that Dushanbe was a popular Monday marketplace . eos
was a popular Monday marketplace . Dushanbe is located at 38 ° 33 ' North , 68 ° 48 ' East . eos
is located at 38 ° 33 ' North , 68 ° 48 ' East . eos
( Urdu : ِیصل آباد ) is located in Punjab , Pakistan . Faisalabad is the third largest city in Pakistan with an estimated 2006 population of 2.6 million ( Faisalabad ) . eos
is the third largest city in Pakistan with an estimated 2006 population of 2.6 million ( Faisalabad ) . The entire district had a population of about 5.4 million in 1998 . Faisalabad is an important industrial centre located in the Punjab province , west of Lahore . eos
) . The entire district had a population of about 5.4 million in 1998 . Faisalabad is an important industrial centre located in the Punjab province , west of Lahore . eos
is an important industrial centre located in the Punjab province , west of Lahore . The city - district of Faisalabad is bound on the north by the districts of Gujranwala and Sheikhupura , on the east by Sahiwal district , on the south by Toba Tek Singh district and on the west by Jhang district . eos
, population 1,070,200 ( 2004 ) , is the largest city and capital of Sierra Leone , lying on the Freetown Peninsula on the Atlantic coast . Freetown is a port on the Atlantic Ocean . Freetown economy revolves largely around Freetown harbor , which handles Sierra Leone 's main exports . eos
is a port on the Atlantic Ocean . Freetown economy revolves largely around Freetown harbor , which handles Sierra Leone 's main exports . Industries include fish packing , rice milling , petroleum refining , and the manufacture of cigarettes . eos
economy revolves largely around Freetown harbor , which handles Sierra Leone 's main exports . Industries include fish packing , rice milling , petroleum refining , and the manufacture of cigarettes . eos
harbor , which handles Sierra Leone 's main exports . Industries include fish packing , rice milling , petroleum refining , and the manufacture of cigarettes . eos
is the capital of the small island nation of Tuvalu . Funafuti has a population of 4,492 ( 2002 Census ) , making Funafuti the most populated atoll in this country . Funafuti is a narrow sweep of land between 20 and 400 meters wide , encircling a large lagoon . eos
has a population of 4,492 ( 2002 Census ) , making Funafuti the most populated atoll in this country . Funafuti is a narrow sweep of land between 20 and 400 meters wide , encircling a large lagoon . There is an airstrip , hotel ( Vaiaku Langi Hotel ) , and administrative buildings , as well as homes , constructed both in the traditional manner , out of palm fronds , and more recently out of cement blocks . eos
the most populated atoll in this country . Funafuti is a narrow sweep of land between 20 and 400 meters wide , encircling a large lagoon . There is an airstrip , hotel ( Vaiaku Langi Hotel ) , and administrative buildings , as well as homes , constructed both in the traditional manner , out of palm fronds , and more recently out of cement blocks . eos
is a narrow sweep of land between 20 and 400 meters wide , encircling a large lagoon . There is an airstrip , hotel ( Vaiaku Langi Hotel ) , and administrative buildings , as well as homes , constructed both in the traditional manner , out of palm fronds , and more recently out of cement blocks . The most prominent building on Funafuti is the Church of Tuvalu . eos
is the Church of Tuvalu . Other sites of interest are the remains of American aircraft that crashed on Funafuti during World War II , when the airstrip was used by the American forces to defend the Gilbert Islands ( now Kiribati ) . The USA claimed Funafuti until a treaty of friendship was concluded in the late 70 's or early 80 's . eos
during World War II , when the airstrip was used by the American forces to defend the Gilbert Islands ( now Kiribati ) . The USA claimed Funafuti until a treaty of friendship was concluded in the late 70 's or early 80 's . The largest island is Fongafale . eos
until a treaty of friendship was concluded in the late 70 's or early 80 's . The largest island is Fongafale . On this island , there are four villages , of which one is Vaiaku , where the government is located . eos
is officially the capital . * 8 ° 31 'S , 179 ° 13 ' E eos
( pronunciation / "" IPA : dʒənivə "" / ; French : Genève / "" IPA : ʒənɛv "" / , eos
is the most populous city of Romandy ( the French - speaking part of Switzerland ) . Geneva is situated where Lake Geneva ( French Lac Léman ) flows into the Rhône River , and Geneva is the capital of the Canton of Geneva . The population within the city limits is 185,526 ( 2004 ) and that of the metropolitan area - which extends into France and Vaud - is about 700,000 . eos
is situated where Lake Geneva ( French Lac Léman ) flows into the Rhône River , and Geneva is the capital of the Canton of Geneva . The population within the city limits is 185,526 ( 2004 ) and that of the metropolitan area - which extends into France and Vaud - is about 700,000 . Geneva is widely regarded as a global city , mainly due to the presence of numerous international organizations , including the European headquarters of the United Nations . eos
is the capital of the Canton of Geneva . The population within the city limits is 185,526 ( 2004 ) and that of the metropolitan area - which extends into France and Vaud - is about 700,000 . Geneva is widely regarded as a global city , mainly due to the presence of numerous international organizations , including the European headquarters of the United Nations . eos
is widely regarded as a global city , mainly due to the presence of numerous international organizations , including the European headquarters of the United Nations . A 2006 survey found Geneva to have the second highest quality of living in the world ( again , after Zürich ) . See Names of European cities in different languages for a list of the name of Geneva in other languages . eos
to have the second highest quality of living in the world ( again , after Zürich ) . See Names of European cities in different languages for a list of the name of Geneva in other languages . eos
in other languages . eos
, estimated population 250,000 ( 1998 ) , is the capital and largest city of Guyana , located in the Demerara - Mahaica region . Georgetown_Guyana is situated on the Atlantic Ocean coast at the mouth of the Demerara River and is nicknamed ` Garden City of the Caribbean . ' Georgetown_Guyana is located at 6 ° 48 ` N , 58 ° 10 ` W. Georgetown_Guyana serves primarily as a retail and administrative centre . eos
is situated on the Atlantic Ocean coast at the mouth of the Demerara River and is nicknamed ` Garden City of the Caribbean . ' Georgetown_Guyana is located at 6 ° 48 ` N , 58 ° 10 ` W. Georgetown_Guyana serves primarily as a retail and administrative centre . Georgetown_Guyana also serves as a financial services centre . eos
is located at 6 ° 48 ` N , 58 ° 10 ` W. Georgetown_Guyana serves primarily as a retail and administrative centre . Georgetown_Guyana also serves as a financial services centre . eos
serves primarily as a retail and administrative centre . Georgetown_Guyana also serves as a financial services centre . eos
also serves as a financial services centre . eos
( in full , La Nueva Guatemala de la Asunción ; locally known as Guatemala or Guate ) is the capital and largest city of the nation of Guatemala . Guatemala_City is also the largest city in Central America . Population estimates for Guatemala_City is 2,541,581 . eos
is also the largest city in Central America . Population estimates for Guatemala_City is 2,541,581 . Guatemala_City is located at 14 ° 38 eos
is 2,541,581 . Guatemala_City is located at 14 ° 38 ` N , 90 ° 33 ` W , in a mountain valley in the south central part of the country . eos
is located at 14 ° 38 ` N , 90 ° 33 ` W , in a mountain valley in the south central part of the country . eos
, or just Guayaquil ( IPA : "" IPA : "" guaʁakʊʟ "" "" ; Spanish : Guayaquil , IPA : "" IPA : "" uaʁakiʟ "" "" ) , is the largest and the most populous city in Ecuador , as well as that nation 's main sea port . Guayaquil is on the west margin of the Guayas River , which flows into the Gulf of Guayaquil in the Pacific Ocean . eos
is on the west margin of the Guayas River , which flows into the Gulf of Guayaquil in the Pacific Ocean . Guayaquil is at 2.21 ° S 79.90 ° W , about 250 km south - southwest of the capital of Ecuador , Quito . According to the most recent census ( 2001 ) , Guayaquil population was 2,189,865 . eos
is at 2.21 ° S 79.90 ° W , about 250 km south - southwest of the capital of Ecuador , Quito . According to the most recent census ( 2001 ) , Guayaquil population was 2,189,865 . However , the estimated metropolitan population was 2,908,338 . eos
population was 2,189,865 . However , the estimated metropolitan population was 2,908,338 . Guayaquil is the capital of the Ecuadorian province of Guayas and the seat of the namesake canton . eos
is the capital of the Ecuadorian province of Guayas and the seat of the namesake canton . ( In Ecuador , a cantón ( canton ) is a second - order subnational entity below a first - order province . ) Guayaquil is the center of Ecuador 's fishing and manufacturing industries . eos
is the center of Ecuador 's fishing and manufacturing industries . Guayaquil airport , Jose Joaquin de Olmedo International Airport ( IATA abbr . : GYE ) , has undergone renovations in the past year . eos
airport , Jose Joaquin de Olmedo International Airport ( IATA abbr . : GYE ) , has undergone renovations in the past year . eos
( Urdu : گجرانوالہ ) is a city in Punjab , Pakistan with a population of more than 4 million . Gujranwala is located at 32.16 ° North , 74.18 ° East and Gujranwala is 700 feet above sea - level . The division of Gujranwala , with a population of about 11 million has an area of 3198 km ² . eos
is located at 32.16 ° North , 74.18 ° East and Gujranwala is 700 feet above sea - level . The division of Gujranwala , with a population of about 11 million has an area of 3198 km ² . Gujranwala is the 5th largest city in Pakistan . eos
is 700 feet above sea - level . The division of Gujranwala , with a population of about 11 million has an area of 3198 km ² . Gujranwala is the 5th largest city in Pakistan . eos
is the 5th largest city in Pakistan . Gujranwala borders with Ghakhar Mandi and some small towns and villages . Punjabi is the local language , however English and Urdu are also common , particularly in schools and offices , as is the case in almost all over Pakistan . eos
borders with Ghakhar Mandi and some small towns and villages . Punjabi is the local language , however English and Urdu are also common , particularly in schools and offices , as is the case in almost all over Pakistan . Gujranwala has many hospitals and several colleges affiliated with the University of the Punjab . eos
has many hospitals and several colleges affiliated with the University of the Punjab . Recently , the University of the Punjab 's Gujranwala campus has also started working . Rachna Engineering University Gujranwala now stands fourth best public engineering university in the country . eos
is renowned all over Pakistan for Gujranwala food , especially Barbecue meat dishes like ` ` Mutton Tikka '' of ` ` Haji Allah Rakha '' . Gujranwala has always been famous for Gujranwala pehlwans ( wrestlers ) which is why Gujranwala is also called pehlwanoo ka shehar ( The City of Wrestlers ) . eos
food , especially Barbecue meat dishes like ` ` Mutton Tikka '' of ` ` Haji Allah Rakha '' . Gujranwala has always been famous for Gujranwala pehlwans ( wrestlers ) which is why Gujranwala is also called pehlwanoo ka shehar ( The City of Wrestlers ) . eos
pehlwans ( wrestlers ) which is why Gujranwala is also called pehlwanoo ka shehar ( The City of Wrestlers ) . eos
is also called pehlwanoo ka shehar ( The City of Wrestlers ) . eos
has always been famous for Gujranwala pehlwans ( wrestlers ) which is why Gujranwala is also called pehlwanoo ka shehar ( The City of Wrestlers ) . eos
( pronounced "" IPA : / ` hʌ ɹɑ ' ɹi / "" , formerly Salisbury ) is the capital city of Zimbabwe . Harare has an estimated population 1,600,000 , with 2,800,000 in Harare metropolitan area ( 2006 ) . Harare is Zimbabwe 's largest city and its administrative , commercial , and communications centre . eos
has an estimated population 1,600,000 , with 2,800,000 in Harare metropolitan area ( 2006 ) . Harare is Zimbabwe 's largest city and its administrative , commercial , and communications centre . Harare is a trade centre for tobacco , maize , cotton , and citrus fruits . eos
metropolitan area ( 2006 ) . Harare is Zimbabwe 's largest city and its administrative , commercial , and communications centre . Harare is a trade centre for tobacco , maize , cotton , and citrus fruits . eos
is Zimbabwe 's largest city and its administrative , commercial , and communications centre . Harare is a trade centre for tobacco , maize , cotton , and citrus fruits . Manufactures include textiles , steel , and chemicals . eos
is a trade centre for tobacco , maize , cotton , and citrus fruits . Manufactures include textiles , steel , and chemicals . Gold is mined in the area . . eos
is at an elevation of 4,865 feet ( 1,483 metres ) and Harare has a temperate climate . Despite the renaming of Harare , some suburbs have retained their European names , such as Warren Park ' D ' , Borrowdale , Mount Pleasant , Tynwald and Avondale . Harare is famous for Harare beautiful jacaranda - lined streets , especially in the ` ` Avenues '' suburbs to the immediate north of the city centre . eos
has a temperate climate . Despite the renaming of Harare , some suburbs have retained their European names , such as Warren Park ' D ' , Borrowdale , Mount Pleasant , Tynwald and Avondale . Harare is famous for Harare beautiful jacaranda - lined streets , especially in the ` ` Avenues '' suburbs to the immediate north of the city centre . eos
, some suburbs have retained their European names , such as Warren Park ' D ' , Borrowdale , Mount Pleasant , Tynwald and Avondale . Harare is famous for Harare beautiful jacaranda - lined streets , especially in the ` ` Avenues '' suburbs to the immediate north of the city centre . Harare is the site of the University of Zimbabwe , the largest and most complete institution of higher learning in Zimbabwe . eos
beautiful jacaranda - lined streets , especially in the ` ` Avenues '' suburbs to the immediate north of the city centre . Harare is the site of the University of Zimbabwe , the largest and most complete institution of higher learning in Zimbabwe . eos
is famous for Harare beautiful jacaranda - lined streets , especially in the ` ` Avenues '' suburbs to the immediate north of the city centre . Harare is the site of the University of Zimbabwe , the largest and most complete institution of higher learning in Zimbabwe . eos
is the site of the University of Zimbabwe , the largest and most complete institution of higher learning in Zimbabwe . eos
( Spanish in full : La Habana , formerly named San Cristóbal de La Habana ; UN / LOCODE : eos
also forms one of the 14 provinces of Cuba . With a population of more than 2.2 million , Havana is the largest city in both Cuba and the Caribbean . Havana is located just over 90 miles ( 144 km ) south - southwest of Key West , Florida . eos
is the largest city in both Cuba and the Caribbean . Havana is located just over 90 miles ( 144 km ) south - southwest of Key West , Florida . Havana is located on the northwest coast of Cuba , facing the Straits of Florida , and Havana is surrounded by the province of Havana to the south , east , and west . eos
is located just over 90 miles ( 144 km ) south - southwest of Key West , Florida . Havana is located on the northwest coast of Cuba , facing the Straits of Florida , and Havana is surrounded by the province of Havana to the south , east , and west . eos
is located on the northwest coast of Cuba , facing the Straits of Florida , and Havana is surrounded by the province of Havana to the south , east , and west . eos
is surrounded by the province of Havana to the south , east , and west . eos
( Vietnamese : Thành phố Hồ Chí Minh pronunciation ) is the largest city in Vietnam and Ho_Chi_Minh_City is located near the Mekong River delta . eos
is located near the Mekong River delta . Under the name Prey Nokor ( Khmer : ) , Ho_Chi_Minh_City was the main port of Cambodia , before being conquered by the Vietnamese in the 16th century . Known as Saigon ( pronunciation ) until the end of the Vietnam War , Ho_Chi_Minh_City was the capital of the French colony of Cochinchina , and later of the former state of South Vietnam from 1954 to 1975 . eos
was the main port of Cambodia , before being conquered by the Vietnamese in the 16th century . Known as Saigon ( pronunciation ) until the end of the Vietnam War , Ho_Chi_Minh_City was the capital of the French colony of Cochinchina , and later of the former state of South Vietnam from 1954 to 1975 . In 1975 , Ho_Chi_Minh_City was merged with the surrounding province of Gia āịnh and renamed Ho Chi Minh City ( although Saigon is still frequently used ) . eos
was the capital of the French colony of Cochinchina , and later of the former state of South Vietnam from 1954 to 1975 . In 1975 , Ho_Chi_Minh_City was merged with the surrounding province of Gia āịnh and renamed Ho Chi Minh City ( although Saigon is still frequently used ) . The city center is situated on the banks of the Saigon River , 60 km from the South China Sea . eos
was merged with the surrounding province of Gia āịnh and renamed Ho Chi Minh City ( although Saigon is still frequently used ) . The city center is situated on the banks of the Saigon River , 60 km from the South China Sea . eos
pronunciation or Haidarābād ( Urdu / Sindhi : حيدر آباد ) is located in the Sindh province of Pakistan ( formerly known as Neroon Kot نيرِون ڪوٽ ) . eos
is now a regional headquarter of the district of Hyderabad . Before the creation of Pakistan , Hyderabad_Pakistan was known as the Paris of India , for Hyderabad_Pakistan roads used to be washed with perfume every day . The regional and political boundaries stage Hyderabad_Pakistan as a district . eos
was known as the Paris of India , for Hyderabad_Pakistan roads used to be washed with perfume every day . The regional and political boundaries stage Hyderabad_Pakistan as a district . Hyderabad_Pakistan is a hot and humid city in the south of the nation and Hyderabad_Pakistan has been a staging point for literary campaign and a birthplace of many a poets . eos
roads used to be washed with perfume every day . The regional and political boundaries stage Hyderabad_Pakistan as a district . Hyderabad_Pakistan is a hot and humid city in the south of the nation and Hyderabad_Pakistan has been a staging point for literary campaign and a birthplace of many a poets . eos
as a district . Hyderabad_Pakistan is a hot and humid city in the south of the nation and Hyderabad_Pakistan has been a staging point for literary campaign and a birthplace of many a poets . Rich with culture and tradition , Hyderabad_Pakistan is the largest bangle producer in the world and Hyderabad_Pakistan serves as a transit between the rural and the urban Sindh . eos
is a hot and humid city in the south of the nation and Hyderabad_Pakistan has been a staging point for literary campaign and a birthplace of many a poets . Rich with culture and tradition , Hyderabad_Pakistan is the largest bangle producer in the world and Hyderabad_Pakistan serves as a transit between the rural and the urban Sindh . eos
has been a staging point for literary campaign and a birthplace of many a poets . Rich with culture and tradition , Hyderabad_Pakistan is the largest bangle producer in the world and Hyderabad_Pakistan serves as a transit between the rural and the urban Sindh . eos
is the largest bangle producer in the world and Hyderabad_Pakistan serves as a transit between the rural and the urban Sindh . eos
serves as a transit between the rural and the urban Sindh . eos
( Èbá - Ọdàn ) , reputed to be the largest indigenous city in Africa south of the Sahara , is the capital of Ọyọ State . Ibadan is located in south - western Nigeria , 78 miles inland from Lagos and Ibadan is a prominent transit point between the coastal region and the areas to the north . Ibadan population is estimated to be about 3,800,000 according to 2006 estimates . eos
is located in south - western Nigeria , 78 miles inland from Lagos and Ibadan is a prominent transit point between the coastal region and the areas to the north . Ibadan population is estimated to be about 3,800,000 according to 2006 estimates . Ibadan had been the centre of administration of the old Western Region , Nigeria since the days of the British colonial rule , and parts of Ibadan ancient protective walls still stand till today . eos
is a prominent transit point between the coastal region and the areas to the north . Ibadan population is estimated to be about 3,800,000 according to 2006 estimates . Ibadan had been the centre of administration of the old Western Region , Nigeria since the days of the British colonial rule , and parts of Ibadan ancient protective walls still stand till today . eos
population is estimated to be about 3,800,000 according to 2006 estimates . Ibadan had been the centre of administration of the old Western Region , Nigeria since the days of the British colonial rule , and parts of Ibadan ancient protective walls still stand till today . The principal inhabitants of Ibadan are the Yorùbá . eos
had been the centre of administration of the old Western Region , Nigeria since the days of the British colonial rule , and parts of Ibadan ancient protective walls still stand till today . The principal inhabitants of Ibadan are the Yorùbá . eos
ancient protective walls still stand till today . The principal inhabitants of Ibadan are the Yorùbá . eos
are the Yorùbá . eos
is one of the largest cities in Nigeria and Ilorin is the capital of Kwara State . Ilorin has a population of 1,136,854 . eos
is the capital of Kwara State . Ilorin has a population of 1,136,854 . eos
has a population of 1,136,854 . eos
( Urdu : اسلام آباد , abode of Islam ) , is the capital city of Pakistan , and Islamabad is located in the Potohar Plateau in the northwest of the country . Islamabad is located within the Islamabad Capital Territory , though the area has historically been a part of the crossroads of the Punjab region and the North - West Frontier Province ( the Margalla pass being a historic gateway to the North - West Frontier Province , and the Potwar Plateau historically a part of the Punjab ) . eos
is located in the Potohar Plateau in the northwest of the country . Islamabad is located within the Islamabad Capital Territory , though the area has historically been a part of the crossroads of the Punjab region and the North - West Frontier Province ( the Margalla pass being a historic gateway to the North - West Frontier Province , and the Potwar Plateau historically a part of the Punjab ) . Islamabad is located at . eos
is located within the Islamabad Capital Territory , though the area has historically been a part of the crossroads of the Punjab region and the North - West Frontier Province ( the Margalla pass being a historic gateway to the North - West Frontier Province , and the Potwar Plateau historically a part of the Punjab ) . Islamabad is located at . eos
is located at . eos
( Turkish : "" Turkish : İstanbul "" , Greek : "" Greek : Κωνσταντινορπολη "" Konstandinoúpoli , historically known in English as Constantinople ; see other names ) is Turkey 's most populous city , and its cultural and economic centre . eos
is the capital of the Province of Istanbul . Istanbul is located at 41 ° N 28 ° E , on the Bosphorus strait , and Istanbul encompasses the natural harbor known as the Golden Horn ( Turkish : Haliç ) , in the northwest of the country . Istanbul extends both on the European ( Thrace ) and on the Asian ( Anatolia ) side of the Bosphorus , and Istanbul is thereby the only metropolis in the world which is situated on two continents . eos
is located at 41 ° N 28 ° E , on the Bosphorus strait , and Istanbul encompasses the natural harbor known as the Golden Horn ( Turkish : Haliç ) , in the northwest of the country . Istanbul extends both on the European ( Thrace ) and on the Asian ( Anatolia ) side of the Bosphorus , and Istanbul is thereby the only metropolis in the world which is situated on two continents . Istanbul is also the only city in the world which served as the capital to three different Empires : The Roman Empire ( 330 - 395 ) , Byzantine Empire ( 395 - 1453 ) and the Ottoman Empire ( 1453 - 1923 ) . eos
encompasses the natural harbor known as the Golden Horn ( Turkish : Haliç ) , in the northwest of the country . Istanbul extends both on the European ( Thrace ) and on the Asian ( Anatolia ) side of the Bosphorus , and Istanbul is thereby the only metropolis in the world which is situated on two continents . Istanbul is also the only city in the world which served as the capital to three different Empires : The Roman Empire ( 330 - 395 ) , Byzantine Empire ( 395 - 1453 ) and the Ottoman Empire ( 1453 - 1923 ) . eos
extends both on the European ( Thrace ) and on the Asian ( Anatolia ) side of the Bosphorus , and Istanbul is thereby the only metropolis in the world which is situated on two continents . Istanbul is also the only city in the world which served as the capital to three different Empires : The Roman Empire ( 330 - 395 ) , Byzantine Empire ( 395 - 1453 ) and the Ottoman Empire ( 1453 - 1923 ) . In 1923 , following the establishment of the Republic of Turkey , the capital was moved to Ankara . eos
is thereby the only metropolis in the world which is situated on two continents . Istanbul is also the only city in the world which served as the capital to three different Empires : The Roman Empire ( 330 - 395 ) , Byzantine Empire ( 395 - 1453 ) and the Ottoman Empire ( 1453 - 1923 ) . In 1923 , following the establishment of the Republic of Turkey , the capital was moved to Ankara . eos
is also the only city in the world which served as the capital to three different Empires : The Roman Empire ( 330 - 395 ) , Byzantine Empire ( 395 - 1453 ) and the Ottoman Empire ( 1453 - 1923 ) . In 1923 , following the establishment of the Republic of Turkey , the capital was moved to Ankara . According to the 2000 census , the population is 8,803,468 ( Istanbul ) and 10,018,735 ( metro area ) , making Istanbul the second largest city in Europe . eos
) and 10,018,735 ( metro area ) , making Istanbul the second largest city in Europe . The census bureau estimate for july 20 , 2005 is 11,322,000 for the province , which is generally considered as the metropolitan area , making it one of the twenty largest metropolitan areas in the world . Istanbul was chosen as the European Capital of Culture for 2010 ( along with Pécs , Hungary and Essen , Germany ) . eos
the second largest city in Europe . The census bureau estimate for july 20 , 2005 is 11,322,000 for the province , which is generally considered as the metropolitan area , making it one of the twenty largest metropolitan areas in the world . Istanbul was chosen as the European Capital of Culture for 2010 ( along with Pécs , Hungary and Essen , Germany ) . eos
was chosen as the European Capital of Culture for 2010 ( along with Pécs , Hungary and Essen , Germany ) . Istanbul has had many names through the years and according to the culture , language and religion of Istanbul inhabitants . Byzantium , Constantinople and Stamboul are examples that may still be found in active use . The etymology of the names and an extended list of old names can be found under Istanbul ( etymology ) . eos
has had many names through the years and according to the culture , language and religion of Istanbul inhabitants . Byzantium , Constantinople and Stamboul are examples that may still be found in active use . The etymology of the names and an extended list of old names can be found under Istanbul ( etymology ) . Istanbul has also been nicknamed ` ` The City on Seven Hills '' because the historic peninsula ( the oldest part of Istanbul ) was built on seven hills , also represented with seven mosques , one at the top of each hill . eos
inhabitants . Byzantium , Constantinople and Stamboul are examples that may still be found in active use . The etymology of the names and an extended list of old names can be found under Istanbul ( etymology ) . Istanbul has also been nicknamed ` ` The City on Seven Hills '' because the historic peninsula ( the oldest part of Istanbul ) was built on seven hills , also represented with seven mosques , one at the top of each hill . eos
has also been nicknamed ` ` The City on Seven Hills '' because the historic peninsula ( the oldest part of Istanbul ) was built on seven hills , also represented with seven mosques , one at the top of each hill . eos
) was built on seven hills , also represented with seven mosques , one at the top of each hill . eos
( also Djakarta or DKI Jakarta ) , formerly known as Sunda Kelapa , Jayakarta and Batavia is the capital and largest city of Indonesia . Located on the northwest coast of the island of Java , Jakarta has an area of 661.52 km ² and a population of 8,792,000 ( 2004 ) . Jakarta has been developed for more than 490 years and Jakarta currently is the ninth most densely populated city in the world with 44,283 people per sq mile . eos
has an area of 661.52 km ² and a population of 8,792,000 ( 2004 ) . Jakarta has been developed for more than 490 years and Jakarta currently is the ninth most densely populated city in the world with 44,283 people per sq mile . Jakarta metropolitan area is called Jabotabek and contains more than 23 million people , and it comprises an even larger Jakarta - Bandung megalopolis . eos
has been developed for more than 490 years and Jakarta currently is the ninth most densely populated city in the world with 44,283 people per sq mile . Jakarta metropolitan area is called Jabotabek and contains more than 23 million people , and it comprises an even larger Jakarta - Bandung megalopolis . Jakarta is served by the Soekarno - Hatta International Airport . eos
currently is the ninth most densely populated city in the world with 44,283 people per sq mile . Jakarta metropolitan area is called Jabotabek and contains more than 23 million people , and it comprises an even larger Jakarta - Bandung megalopolis . Jakarta is served by the Soekarno - Hatta International Airport . eos
metropolitan area is called Jabotabek and contains more than 23 million people , and it comprises an even larger Jakarta - Bandung megalopolis . Jakarta is served by the Soekarno - Hatta International Airport . Since 2004 , Jakarta , under the governance of Sutiyoso , has developed Jakarta new transportation system , which is known as ` ` TransJakarta '' or ` ` Busway '' and in 2007 , Jakarta will establish Jakarta newest transportation system , the Jakarta Monorail . eos
is served by the Soekarno - Hatta International Airport . Since 2004 , Jakarta , under the governance of Sutiyoso , has developed Jakarta new transportation system , which is known as ` ` TransJakarta '' or ` ` Busway '' and in 2007 , Jakarta will establish Jakarta newest transportation system , the Jakarta Monorail . Jakarta also is the location of the Jakarta Stock Exchange and the National Monument . eos
newest transportation system , the Jakarta Monorail . Jakarta also is the location of the Jakarta Stock Exchange and the National Monument . eos
, under the governance of Sutiyoso , has developed Jakarta new transportation system , which is known as ` ` TransJakarta '' or ` ` Busway '' and in 2007 , Jakarta will establish Jakarta newest transportation system , the Jakarta Monorail . Jakarta also is the location of the Jakarta Stock Exchange and the National Monument . eos
new transportation system , which is known as ` ` TransJakarta '' or ` ` Busway '' and in 2007 , Jakarta will establish Jakarta newest transportation system , the Jakarta Monorail . Jakarta also is the location of the Jakarta Stock Exchange and the National Monument . eos
will establish Jakarta newest transportation system , the Jakarta Monorail . Jakarta also is the location of the Jakarta Stock Exchange and the National Monument . eos
also is the location of the Jakarta Stock Exchange and the National Monument . eos
( Hebrew : יְרוּשָׁלַיִם , Yerushaláyim or Yerushalaim ; Arabic : القُدس , al - Quds ( ` ` the Holy '' ) ; official Arabic in Israel : أورشليم القدس , Urshalim - al - Quds ( combining the Biblical and common usage Arabic names ) is the capital and largest city of the State of Israel with a population of 724,000 ( as of May 24 , 2006 ) contained in 123 km ² . eos
is located southeast of Tel Aviv , south of Ramallah , west of Jericho and north of Bethlehem . Jerusalem is the holiest city of Judaism ( since the 10th century BCE ) and some denominations of Christianity ( since the 5th century CE ) . Jewish law holds that the more important Jewish prayers should be conducted facing the direction of Jerusalem , specifically in the direction of the Temple Mount . eos
is the holiest city of Judaism ( since the 10th century BCE ) and some denominations of Christianity ( since the 5th century CE ) . Jewish law holds that the more important Jewish prayers should be conducted facing the direction of Jerusalem , specifically in the direction of the Temple Mount . Jerusalem is generally regarded by Muslims as the location of the third holiest site of Islam , and Jerusalem was the original Qibla ( direction of prayer ) for Muslims prior to Mecca . eos
, specifically in the direction of the Temple Mount . Jerusalem is generally regarded by Muslims as the location of the third holiest site of Islam , and Jerusalem was the original Qibla ( direction of prayer ) for Muslims prior to Mecca . Jerusalem appears in the Hebrew Bible 669 times while Zion ( which usually means Jerusalem , sometimes the Land of Israel ) appears 154 times . eos
is generally regarded by Muslims as the location of the third holiest site of Islam , and Jerusalem was the original Qibla ( direction of prayer ) for Muslims prior to Mecca . Jerusalem appears in the Hebrew Bible 669 times while Zion ( which usually means Jerusalem , sometimes the Land of Israel ) appears 154 times . The New Testament mentions Jerusalem 154 times and Zion 7 times . eos
was the original Qibla ( direction of prayer ) for Muslims prior to Mecca . Jerusalem appears in the Hebrew Bible 669 times while Zion ( which usually means Jerusalem , sometimes the Land of Israel ) appears 154 times . The New Testament mentions Jerusalem 154 times and Zion 7 times . eos
appears in the Hebrew Bible 669 times while Zion ( which usually means Jerusalem , sometimes the Land of Israel ) appears 154 times . The New Testament mentions Jerusalem 154 times and Zion 7 times . A heterogeneous city , Jerusalem represents a wide range of national , religious , and socioeconomic groups . eos
154 times and Zion 7 times . A heterogeneous city , Jerusalem represents a wide range of national , religious , and socioeconomic groups . The section called the ` ` Old City '' is surrounded by walls and consists of four quarters : Armenian , Christian , Jewish , and Muslim . eos
represents a wide range of national , religious , and socioeconomic groups . The section called the ` ` Old City '' is surrounded by walls and consists of four quarters : Armenian , Christian , Jewish , and Muslim . The status of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital is not universally recognised by the international community , and Israel 's annexation of East Jerusalem is particularly controversial . eos
as Israel 's capital is not universally recognised by the international community , and Israel 's annexation of East Jerusalem is particularly controversial . East Jerusalem , if not Jerusalem , is claimed by Palestinians as the desired capital for a future Palestinian state . The current Israeli mayor of Jerusalem is Uri Lupolianski , the first Haredi Jew to ever hold this position . eos
, is claimed by Palestinians as the desired capital for a future Palestinian state . The current Israeli mayor of Jerusalem is Uri Lupolianski , the first Haredi Jew to ever hold this position . eos
is Uri Lupolianski , the first Haredi Jew to ever hold this position . eos
, also known as eGoli , is the most populous city in South Africa . Johannesburg is affectionately known as ` ` Jo ` burg '' , ` ` Jozi '' and ` ` JHB '' by South Africans . Johannesburg is the provincial capital of Gauteng Province , the wealthiest province in South Africa , and the site of the South African Constitutional Court . eos
is affectionately known as ` ` Jo ` burg '' , ` ` Jozi '' and ` ` JHB '' by South Africans . Johannesburg is the provincial capital of Gauteng Province , the wealthiest province in South Africa , and the site of the South African Constitutional Court . Johannesburg is one of the 40 largest metropolitan areas in the world , and Africa 's only global city ( classified as a gamma world city ) . eos
is the provincial capital of Gauteng Province , the wealthiest province in South Africa , and the site of the South African Constitutional Court . Johannesburg is one of the 40 largest metropolitan areas in the world , and Africa 's only global city ( classified as a gamma world city ) . Whilst sometimes mistakenly assumed to be South Africa 's capital city , Johannesburg is not even one of South Africa 's three official capital cities ( although Pretoria , which is part of the same province , is ) . eos
is one of the 40 largest metropolitan areas in the world , and Africa 's only global city ( classified as a gamma world city ) . Whilst sometimes mistakenly assumed to be South Africa 's capital city , Johannesburg is not even one of South Africa 's three official capital cities ( although Pretoria , which is part of the same province , is ) . Johannesburg is the site of a large - scale gold and diamond trade due to Johannesburg location on the mineral - rich Witwatersrand range of hills . eos
is not even one of South Africa 's three official capital cities ( although Pretoria , which is part of the same province , is ) . Johannesburg is the site of a large - scale gold and diamond trade due to Johannesburg location on the mineral - rich Witwatersrand range of hills . Johannesburg is also served by OR Tambo International Airport , the largest and busiest airport in Africa and a gateway for international air travel to and from the rest of southern Africa . eos
is the site of a large - scale gold and diamond trade due to Johannesburg location on the mineral - rich Witwatersrand range of hills . Johannesburg is also served by OR Tambo International Airport , the largest and busiest airport in Africa and a gateway for international air travel to and from the rest of southern Africa . According to the 2001 Census , the population of Johannesburg is more than three million . eos
location on the mineral - rich Witwatersrand range of hills . Johannesburg is also served by OR Tambo International Airport , the largest and busiest airport in Africa and a gateway for international air travel to and from the rest of southern Africa . According to the 2001 Census , the population of Johannesburg is more than three million . eos
is also served by OR Tambo International Airport , the largest and busiest airport in Africa and a gateway for international air travel to and from the rest of southern Africa . According to the 2001 Census , the population of Johannesburg is more than three million . Johannesburg land area of 1,644 km ² is very large when compared to other cities , resulting in a population density of only 1,962 / km ² . eos
is more than three million . Johannesburg land area of 1,644 km ² is very large when compared to other cities , resulting in a population density of only 1,962 / km ² . The population of the Greater Johannesburg Metropolitan Area is almost eight million . eos
land area of 1,644 km ² is very large when compared to other cities , resulting in a population density of only 1,962 / km ² . The population of the Greater Johannesburg Metropolitan Area is almost eight million . Johannesburg also encompasses Soweto to the south west , a township which the apartheid government established to accommodate the large number of migrant workers . eos
also encompasses Soweto to the south west , a township which the apartheid government established to accommodate the large number of migrant workers . eos
, Kâb ' l ( locally : کابل ) , is the capital and largest city of Afghanistan with a population of approximately 3 million people . Kabul is an economic and cultural center strategically situated in a narrow valley along the Kabul River , high in the mountains before the Khyber Pass . eos
is an economic and cultural center strategically situated in a narrow valley along the Kabul River , high in the mountains before the Khyber Pass . Kabul is linked with Ghazni , Kandahar , Herat and Mazari Sharif via a long beltway ( circular highway ) that stretches across Afghanistan . Kabul is also linked by highways with Pakistan to the southeast and Tajikistan to the north , and Kabul is 5,900 feet ( 1,800 metres ) above sea level . eos
is linked with Ghazni , Kandahar , Herat and Mazari Sharif via a long beltway ( circular highway ) that stretches across Afghanistan . Kabul is also linked by highways with Pakistan to the southeast and Tajikistan to the north , and Kabul is 5,900 feet ( 1,800 metres ) above sea level . Kabul main products include ordnance , cloth , furniture , and beet sugar , though , since 1978 , a state of nearly continuous war has limited the economic productivity of Kabul . eos
is also linked by highways with Pakistan to the southeast and Tajikistan to the north , and Kabul is 5,900 feet ( 1,800 metres ) above sea level . Kabul main products include ordnance , cloth , furniture , and beet sugar , though , since 1978 , a state of nearly continuous war has limited the economic productivity of Kabul . Kabul population is multicultural and multi - ethnic , reflecting the diversity of Afghanistan , with Pashtuns , Tajiks , Hazaras , Uzbeks and others all comprising the bulk of Kabul population . eos
is 5,900 feet ( 1,800 metres ) above sea level . Kabul main products include ordnance , cloth , furniture , and beet sugar , though , since 1978 , a state of nearly continuous war has limited the economic productivity of Kabul . Kabul population is multicultural and multi - ethnic , reflecting the diversity of Afghanistan , with Pashtuns , Tajiks , Hazaras , Uzbeks and others all comprising the bulk of Kabul population . eos
main products include ordnance , cloth , furniture , and beet sugar , though , since 1978 , a state of nearly continuous war has limited the economic productivity of Kabul . Kabul population is multicultural and multi - ethnic , reflecting the diversity of Afghanistan , with Pashtuns , Tajiks , Hazaras , Uzbeks and others all comprising the bulk of Kabul population . Kabul is in the process of being rebuilt following decades of war . eos
. Kabul population is multicultural and multi - ethnic , reflecting the diversity of Afghanistan , with Pashtuns , Tajiks , Hazaras , Uzbeks and others all comprising the bulk of Kabul population . Kabul is in the process of being rebuilt following decades of war . eos
population is multicultural and multi - ethnic , reflecting the diversity of Afghanistan , with Pashtuns , Tajiks , Hazaras , Uzbeks and others all comprising the bulk of Kabul population . Kabul is in the process of being rebuilt following decades of war . eos
population . Kabul is in the process of being rebuilt following decades of war . eos
is in the process of being rebuilt following decades of war . eos
is the capital city of Uganda . With a population of 1,208,544 ( 2002 ) , Kampala is the largest urban settlement in Uganda . Kampala is located in the district of Kampala at , at 3,900 ft ( 1,189 m ) above sea level . eos
is the largest urban settlement in Uganda . Kampala is located in the district of Kampala at , at 3,900 ft ( 1,189 m ) above sea level . eos
is located in the district of Kampala at , at 3,900 ft ( 1,189 m ) above sea level . eos
is the administrative center of the Kano State and the third largest city in Nigeria , in terms of geographical size , after Ibadan and Lagos . Also , in population , Kano is the third most populous city ( with a population of 3,626,204 ) in the country , trailing Lagos and Ibadan in that order . Kano has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria , and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts . eos
is the third most populous city ( with a population of 3,626,204 ) in the country , trailing Lagos and Ibadan in that order . Kano has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria , and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts . Kano houses the Bayero University and a railway station with trains to Lagos routed through Kaduna , while Kano International Airport lies nearby . eos
has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria , and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts . Kano houses the Bayero University and a railway station with trains to Lagos routed through Kaduna , while Kano International Airport lies nearby . Kano has long been a centre for Nigeria 's Islamic culture ; one of the country 's finest mosques lies in Kano . eos
houses the Bayero University and a railway station with trains to Lagos routed through Kaduna , while Kano International Airport lies nearby . Kano has long been a centre for Nigeria 's Islamic culture ; one of the country 's finest mosques lies in Kano . Formerly walled , most of the gates to the Old City survive . eos
has long been a centre for Nigeria 's Islamic culture ; one of the country 's finest mosques lies in Kano . Formerly walled , most of the gates to the Old City survive . The Old City houses the vast Kurmi Market , known for its crafts , while old dye pits - still in use - lie nearby . eos
. Formerly walled , most of the gates to the Old City survive . The Old City houses the vast Kurmi Market , known for its crafts , while old dye pits - still in use - lie nearby . eos
( Urdu : كراچى , Sindhi : ڪراچي ) is the capital of the province of Sindh , and the most populated city in Pakistan , sometimes known as the City of Quaid ( شہرِ قائد ) , after Muhammad Ali Jinnah the founder of Pakistan . Karachi is located on the coast of the Arabian Sea in southeastern Pakistan , northwest of the Indus Delta . eos
is located on the coast of the Arabian Sea in southeastern Pakistan , northwest of the Indus Delta . Karachi is the financial and commercial centre as well as the largest port of Pakistan . The site of an ancient community of fishing villages , Karachi was developed by authorities of the British Raj in the 19th century . eos
is the financial and commercial centre as well as the largest port of Pakistan . The site of an ancient community of fishing villages , Karachi was developed by authorities of the British Raj in the 19th century . Upon the creation of Pakistan in 1947 , Karachi was selected to become the national capital , and Karachi was exposed to a massive influx of immigrants from India , which radically expanded Karachi population and transformed the demographics and economy . eos
was developed by authorities of the British Raj in the 19th century . Upon the creation of Pakistan in 1947 , Karachi was selected to become the national capital , and Karachi was exposed to a massive influx of immigrants from India , which radically expanded Karachi population and transformed the demographics and economy . Karachi has faced major infrastructural and socio - economic challenges , but modern industries and businesses have developed in Karachi , and the population expanded even after the capital was moved to Islamabad in august 1960 . eos
was selected to become the national capital , and Karachi was exposed to a massive influx of immigrants from India , which radically expanded Karachi population and transformed the demographics and economy . Karachi has faced major infrastructural and socio - economic challenges , but modern industries and businesses have developed in Karachi , and the population expanded even after the capital was moved to Islamabad in august 1960 . Karachi is ethnically and religiously a diverse city in the nation . eos
was exposed to a massive influx of immigrants from India , which radically expanded Karachi population and transformed the demographics and economy . Karachi has faced major infrastructural and socio - economic challenges , but modern industries and businesses have developed in Karachi , and the population expanded even after the capital was moved to Islamabad in august 1960 . Karachi is ethnically and religiously a diverse city in the nation . eos
population and transformed the demographics and economy . Karachi has faced major infrastructural and socio - economic challenges , but modern industries and businesses have developed in Karachi , and the population expanded even after the capital was moved to Islamabad in august 1960 . Karachi is ethnically and religiously a diverse city in the nation . eos
has faced major infrastructural and socio - economic challenges , but modern industries and businesses have developed in Karachi , and the population expanded even after the capital was moved to Islamabad in august 1960 . Karachi is ethnically and religiously a diverse city in the nation . In the 1980s and early 1990s , Karachi witnessed a major influx of refugees from the war in Afghanistan , and increasing political and sectarian violence between the Punjabi and Sindhi communities , and the Mohajirs ( descendants of immigrants from India ) . eos
, and the population expanded even after the capital was moved to Islamabad in august 1960 . Karachi is ethnically and religiously a diverse city in the nation . In the 1980s and early 1990s , Karachi witnessed a major influx of refugees from the war in Afghanistan , and increasing political and sectarian violence between the Punjabi and Sindhi communities , and the Mohajirs ( descendants of immigrants from India ) . eos
is ethnically and religiously a diverse city in the nation . In the 1980s and early 1990s , Karachi witnessed a major influx of refugees from the war in Afghanistan , and increasing political and sectarian violence between the Punjabi and Sindhi communities , and the Mohajirs ( descendants of immigrants from India ) . The intervention of the Pakistani army and martial law scarred Karachi , but a national economic boom in the early 21st century has resulted in economic growth and prosperity for Karachi . eos
witnessed a major influx of refugees from the war in Afghanistan , and increasing political and sectarian violence between the Punjabi and Sindhi communities , and the Mohajirs ( descendants of immigrants from India ) . The intervention of the Pakistani army and martial law scarred Karachi , but a national economic boom in the early 21st century has resulted in economic growth and prosperity for Karachi . As of 2006 Karachi has an estimated population of 11.5 million , making Karachi the second largest city in the world . eos
, but a national economic boom in the early 21st century has resulted in economic growth and prosperity for Karachi . As of 2006 Karachi has an estimated population of 11.5 million , making Karachi the second largest city in the world . eos
. As of 2006 Karachi has an estimated population of 11.5 million , making Karachi the second largest city in the world . eos
has an estimated population of 11.5 million , making Karachi the second largest city in the world . eos
the second largest city in the world . eos
( Nepali : काठमाडौं , Nepal Bhasa : यें ) is the capital city of Nepal and Kathmandu is also the largest city in Nepal . Kathmandu stands at an elevation of approximately 4,265 ft ( 1,300 m ) . Kathmandu is an urban and suburban area of about 1.5 million inhabitants in the tri - city area in the Kathmandu Valley in central Nepal , along the Bagmati River . eos
is also the largest city in Nepal . Kathmandu stands at an elevation of approximately 4,265 ft ( 1,300 m ) . Kathmandu is an urban and suburban area of about 1.5 million inhabitants in the tri - city area in the Kathmandu Valley in central Nepal , along the Bagmati River . eos
stands at an elevation of approximately 4,265 ft ( 1,300 m ) . Kathmandu is an urban and suburban area of about 1.5 million inhabitants in the tri - city area in the Kathmandu Valley in central Nepal , along the Bagmati River . The two other cities are Patan and Bhaktapur . eos
is an urban and suburban area of about 1.5 million inhabitants in the tri - city area in the Kathmandu Valley in central Nepal , along the Bagmati River . The two other cities are Patan and Bhaktapur . Kathmandu is located at 27 ° 43 ` N , 85 ° 22 ' E ( 27.71667 , 85.36667 ) . eos
is located at 27 ° 43 ` N , 85 ° 22 ' E ( 27.71667 , 85.36667 ) . eos
, population 851,024 ( 2005 ) , is the capital and largest city of Rwanda . Kigali is situated in the center of the nation , and Kigali has been the economic , cultural , and transport center of Rwanda since Kigali became capital at independence in 1962 . The main home and offices of the Rwandan president , Paul Kagame , are located in Kigali , as are the government ministries . eos
is situated in the center of the nation , and Kigali has been the economic , cultural , and transport center of Rwanda since Kigali became capital at independence in 1962 . The main home and offices of the Rwandan president , Paul Kagame , are located in Kigali , as are the government ministries . Kigali is coterminous with the province of Kigali City , which was enlarged in january 2006 as part of local government reorganisation in the country . eos
has been the economic , cultural , and transport center of Rwanda since Kigali became capital at independence in 1962 . The main home and offices of the Rwandan president , Paul Kagame , are located in Kigali , as are the government ministries . Kigali is coterminous with the province of Kigali City , which was enlarged in january 2006 as part of local government reorganisation in the country . eos
became capital at independence in 1962 . The main home and offices of the Rwandan president , Paul Kagame , are located in Kigali , as are the government ministries . Kigali is coterminous with the province of Kigali City , which was enlarged in january 2006 as part of local government reorganisation in the country . eos
, as are the government ministries . Kigali is coterminous with the province of Kigali City , which was enlarged in january 2006 as part of local government reorganisation in the country . eos
is coterminous with the province of Kigali City , which was enlarged in january 2006 as part of local government reorganisation in the country . eos
is the capital and largest city of Jamaica . Kingston_Jamaica is located on the southeastern coast of the island country at 17 ° 59 ` N , 76 ° 48 ` W. Kingston_Jamaica faces a natural harbour protected by the Palisadoes , a long sandspit which connects Port Royal and the Norman Manley International Airport to the rest of the island . In the Western Hemisphere , Kingston_Jamaica is the largest predominantly English - speaking city south of the United States . eos
is located on the southeastern coast of the island country at 17 ° 59 ` N , 76 ° 48 ` W. Kingston_Jamaica faces a natural harbour protected by the Palisadoes , a long sandspit which connects Port Royal and the Norman Manley International Airport to the rest of the island . In the Western Hemisphere , Kingston_Jamaica is the largest predominantly English - speaking city south of the United States . The local government bodies of the parishes of Kingston and St. Andrew were amalgamated by the Kingston and St Andrew Corporation Act of 1923 , to form the Kingston and St Andrew Corporation ( KSAC ) . eos
faces a natural harbour protected by the Palisadoes , a long sandspit which connects Port Royal and the Norman Manley International Airport to the rest of the island . In the Western Hemisphere , Kingston_Jamaica is the largest predominantly English - speaking city south of the United States . The local government bodies of the parishes of Kingston and St. Andrew were amalgamated by the Kingston and St Andrew Corporation Act of 1923 , to form the Kingston and St Andrew Corporation ( KSAC ) . eos
is the largest predominantly English - speaking city south of the United States . The local government bodies of the parishes of Kingston and St. Andrew were amalgamated by the Kingston and St Andrew Corporation Act of 1923 , to form the Kingston and St Andrew Corporation ( KSAC ) . Greater Kingston or the ` ` Corporate Area '' refers to the KSAC , and not just the Parish of Kingston , which consists of only the old downtown and Port Royal . eos
: the historic but troubled Downtown , and New Kingston , which is home to Kingston_Jamaica most visited attraction , the Bob Marley Museum ( built at his former residence ) . Several other reggae stars , including Buju Banton , Sean Paul and Beenie Man , also hail from Kingston_Jamaica . Other attractions include the nearby Hellshire and Lime Cay beaches , the National Gallery of Jamaica , the ruins of Port Royal , and Devon House , a mansion with adjoining park that once belonged to Jamaica 's first black millionaire . eos
most visited attraction , the Bob Marley Museum ( built at his former residence ) . Several other reggae stars , including Buju Banton , Sean Paul and Beenie Man , also hail from Kingston_Jamaica . Other attractions include the nearby Hellshire and Lime Cay beaches , the National Gallery of Jamaica , the ruins of Port Royal , and Devon House , a mansion with adjoining park that once belonged to Jamaica 's first black millionaire . eos
. Other attractions include the nearby Hellshire and Lime Cay beaches , the National Gallery of Jamaica , the ruins of Port Royal , and Devon House , a mansion with adjoining park that once belonged to Jamaica 's first black millionaire . Kingston_Jamaica is served by Norman Manley International Airport and also by the smaller and primarily domestic Tinson Pen Airport . eos
is served by Norman Manley International Airport and also by the smaller and primarily domestic Tinson Pen Airport . Several annual and well - visited festivals are held in Kingston_Jamaica . eos
. eos
( formerly Léopoldville ) is the capital and largest city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo . With a population of about 7.5 million ( 2005 census ) , Kinshasa ties with Johannesburg for the status of the second largest city in sub - Saharan Africa , behind Lagos , and third largest in the whole continent , after Lagos and Cairo . eos
ties with Johannesburg for the status of the second largest city in sub - Saharan Africa , behind Lagos , and third largest in the whole continent , after Lagos and Cairo . eos
( pronunciation ; Malayalam : കൊച ചി IPA : koˈʧːi ) ; formerly known as Cochin ) is a city in the Indian state of Kerala . Kochi_India is one of the principal seaports of the country and Kochi_India is located in the district of Ernakulam , about 220 kilometres ( 140 mi ) north of the state capital , Thiruvananthapuram . eos
is one of the principal seaports of the country and Kochi_India is located in the district of Ernakulam , about 220 kilometres ( 140 mi ) north of the state capital , Thiruvananthapuram . Kochi_India has an estimated population of 600,000 , with an extended metropolitan population of about 1.5 million , making Kochi_India the largest urban agglomeration and the second largest city in Kerala after the capital . Since 1102 CE , Kochi_India was the seat of the Kingdom of Cochin , a princely state which traces its lineage to the Kulasekhara empire . eos
is located in the district of Ernakulam , about 220 kilometres ( 140 mi ) north of the state capital , Thiruvananthapuram . Kochi_India has an estimated population of 600,000 , with an extended metropolitan population of about 1.5 million , making Kochi_India the largest urban agglomeration and the second largest city in Kerala after the capital . Since 1102 CE , Kochi_India was the seat of the Kingdom of Cochin , a princely state which traces its lineage to the Kulasekhara empire . eos
has an estimated population of 600,000 , with an extended metropolitan population of about 1.5 million , making Kochi_India the largest urban agglomeration and the second largest city in Kerala after the capital . Since 1102 CE , Kochi_India was the seat of the Kingdom of Cochin , a princely state which traces its lineage to the Kulasekhara empire . Heralded as the Queen of the Arabian Sea , Kochi_India was an important spice trading centre on the Arabian Sea coast from the 14th century onwards . eos
the largest urban agglomeration and the second largest city in Kerala after the capital . Since 1102 CE , Kochi_India was the seat of the Kingdom of Cochin , a princely state which traces its lineage to the Kulasekhara empire . Heralded as the Queen of the Arabian Sea , Kochi_India was an important spice trading centre on the Arabian Sea coast from the 14th century onwards . eos
was the seat of the Kingdom of Cochin , a princely state which traces its lineage to the Kulasekhara empire . Heralded as the Queen of the Arabian Sea , Kochi_India was an important spice trading centre on the Arabian Sea coast from the 14th century onwards . Ancient travellers and tradesmen referred to Kochi_India in their writings , variously alluding to Kochi_India as Cocym , Cochym , Cochin , and Cochi . eos
was an important spice trading centre on the Arabian Sea coast from the 14th century onwards . Ancient travellers and tradesmen referred to Kochi_India in their writings , variously alluding to Kochi_India as Cocym , Cochym , Cochin , and Cochi . Occupied by the Portuguese in 1503 , Kochi_India was the site of the first European colonial settlement in India . eos
in their writings , variously alluding to Kochi_India as Cocym , Cochym , Cochin , and Cochi . Occupied by the Portuguese in 1503 , Kochi_India was the site of the first European colonial settlement in India . Kochi_India remained the capital of Portuguese India until 1530 , when Goa became the capital . eos
as Cocym , Cochym , Cochin , and Cochi . Occupied by the Portuguese in 1503 , Kochi_India was the site of the first European colonial settlement in India . Kochi_India remained the capital of Portuguese India until 1530 , when Goa became the capital . eos
was the site of the first European colonial settlement in India . Kochi_India remained the capital of Portuguese India until 1530 , when Goa became the capital . Kochi_India was later occupied by the Dutch , the Mysore and the British . eos
remained the capital of Portuguese India until 1530 , when Goa became the capital . Kochi_India was later occupied by the Dutch , the Mysore and the British . Kochi_India was the first princely state to willingly join the Indian Union , when India gained independence in 1947 . eos
was later occupied by the Dutch , the Mysore and the British . Kochi_India was the first princely state to willingly join the Indian Union , when India gained independence in 1947 . Kochi_India experienced decades of economic stagnation from independence until 2003 , when Kochi_India entered a period of economic growth , leading to a spurt in Kochi_India development . eos
was the first princely state to willingly join the Indian Union , when India gained independence in 1947 . Kochi_India experienced decades of economic stagnation from independence until 2003 , when Kochi_India entered a period of economic growth , leading to a spurt in Kochi_India development . A growing centre of information technology , tourism and international trade , Kochi_India is the commercial hub of Kerala , and one of the fastest growing second - tier metros in India . eos
experienced decades of economic stagnation from independence until 2003 , when Kochi_India entered a period of economic growth , leading to a spurt in Kochi_India development . A growing centre of information technology , tourism and international trade , Kochi_India is the commercial hub of Kerala , and one of the fastest growing second - tier metros in India . Like other large cities in the developing world , Kochi_India continues to struggle with urbanisation problems like substandard sanitation and traffic congestion . eos
entered a period of economic growth , leading to a spurt in Kochi_India development . A growing centre of information technology , tourism and international trade , Kochi_India is the commercial hub of Kerala , and one of the fastest growing second - tier metros in India . Like other large cities in the developing world , Kochi_India continues to struggle with urbanisation problems like substandard sanitation and traffic congestion . eos
development . A growing centre of information technology , tourism and international trade , Kochi_India is the commercial hub of Kerala , and one of the fastest growing second - tier metros in India . Like other large cities in the developing world , Kochi_India continues to struggle with urbanisation problems like substandard sanitation and traffic congestion . eos
is the commercial hub of Kerala , and one of the fastest growing second - tier metros in India . Like other large cities in the developing world , Kochi_India continues to struggle with urbanisation problems like substandard sanitation and traffic congestion . Successive waves of migration over the course of several millennia have made Kochi_India a cultural melting pot . eos
continues to struggle with urbanisation problems like substandard sanitation and traffic congestion . Successive waves of migration over the course of several millennia have made Kochi_India a cultural melting pot . Despite the risk of overdevelopment , Kochi_India retains Kochi_India distinct colonial heritage and a blend of tradition and modernity . eos
a cultural melting pot . Despite the risk of overdevelopment , Kochi_India retains Kochi_India distinct colonial heritage and a blend of tradition and modernity . eos
retains Kochi_India distinct colonial heritage and a blend of tradition and modernity . eos
distinct colonial heritage and a blend of tradition and modernity . eos
( IPA : IPA : ` kolkat̪a Bengali : কলকাতা ) ( formerly Calcutta ) is the capital of the Indian state of West Bengal . eos
is located in eastern India on the east bank of the River Hooghly . Kolkata has a population of almost 5 million , with an extended metropolitan population of over 14 million , making Kolkata the third - largest urban agglomeration and the fourth - largest city in India . Kolkata served as the capital in India during the British Raj until 1911 . eos
has a population of almost 5 million , with an extended metropolitan population of over 14 million , making Kolkata the third - largest urban agglomeration and the fourth - largest city in India . Kolkata served as the capital in India during the British Raj until 1911 . Once the centre of modern education , science , culture and politics in India , Kolkata witnessed economic stagnation in the years following India 's independence in 1947 . eos
the third - largest urban agglomeration and the fourth - largest city in India . Kolkata served as the capital in India during the British Raj until 1911 . Once the centre of modern education , science , culture and politics in India , Kolkata witnessed economic stagnation in the years following India 's independence in 1947 . eos
served as the capital in India during the British Raj until 1911 . Once the centre of modern education , science , culture and politics in India , Kolkata witnessed economic stagnation in the years following India 's independence in 1947 . Since 2000 however , an economic rejuvenation has arrested the morbid decline , leading to a spurt in Kolkata growth . eos
witnessed economic stagnation in the years following India 's independence in 1947 . Since 2000 however , an economic rejuvenation has arrested the morbid decline , leading to a spurt in Kolkata growth . Like other large cities , Kolkata continues to struggle with urbanisation problems like poverty , pollution and traffic congestion . eos
growth . Like other large cities , Kolkata continues to struggle with urbanisation problems like poverty , pollution and traffic congestion . A vibrant city with a distinct socio - political culture , Kolkata is noted for Kolkata revolutionary history , ranging from the Indian struggle for independence to the leftist and trade union movements . eos
continues to struggle with urbanisation problems like poverty , pollution and traffic congestion . A vibrant city with a distinct socio - political culture , Kolkata is noted for Kolkata revolutionary history , ranging from the Indian struggle for independence to the leftist and trade union movements . Referred to as the ` ` Cultural Capital of India '' , ` ` The City of Processions '' , and the ` ` City of Joy '' , Kolkata has been home to luminaries such as Rabindranath Tagore , Ronald Ross , Subhas Chandra Bose , Mother Teresa , Satyajit Ray , Satyendranath Bose , Jagdish Chandra Bose , Swami Vivekananda and many others . eos
revolutionary history , ranging from the Indian struggle for independence to the leftist and trade union movements . Referred to as the ` ` Cultural Capital of India '' , ` ` The City of Processions '' , and the ` ` City of Joy '' , Kolkata has been home to luminaries such as Rabindranath Tagore , Ronald Ross , Subhas Chandra Bose , Mother Teresa , Satyajit Ray , Satyendranath Bose , Jagdish Chandra Bose , Swami Vivekananda and many others . eos
is noted for Kolkata revolutionary history , ranging from the Indian struggle for independence to the leftist and trade union movements . Referred to as the ` ` Cultural Capital of India '' , ` ` The City of Processions '' , and the ` ` City of Joy '' , Kolkata has been home to luminaries such as Rabindranath Tagore , Ronald Ross , Subhas Chandra Bose , Mother Teresa , Satyajit Ray , Satyendranath Bose , Jagdish Chandra Bose , Swami Vivekananda and many others . eos
has been home to luminaries such as Rabindranath Tagore , Ronald Ross , Subhas Chandra Bose , Mother Teresa , Satyajit Ray , Satyendranath Bose , Jagdish Chandra Bose , Swami Vivekananda and many others . eos
is the state comprising the main commercial center of the country of Palau . Koror consists of several islands , the most prominent being Koror Island ( also Oreor Island ) . Koror ( population 14,000 as of 2004 ) contains about 90 % of the population of the country . eos
consists of several islands , the most prominent being Koror Island ( also Oreor Island ) . Koror ( population 14,000 as of 2004 ) contains about 90 % of the population of the country . The nation 's former capital and largest town , also called Koror is located here . eos
( population 14,000 as of 2004 ) contains about 90 % of the population of the country . The nation 's former capital and largest town , also called Koror is located here . The town has a population of 11,200 and is located at 7 ° 21 ' 38N , 134 ° 28 ' 45E . eos
: Ngermid , Ngerkesowaol , Ngerchemai , Iyebukel , Idid , Meketii , Dngeronger , Ikelau , Medalaii , Ngerbeched , Meyuns eos
, ( ශ රී ජයවර ධනපුර කෝට ටේ in Sinhala , ஸ்ரீ ஜயவர்த்தனபுரம் கோட்டே in Tamil ) also known as Kotte , is the capital of Sri Lanka . Kotte is located beyond the eastern suburbs of the business capital Colombo . eos
is located beyond the eastern suburbs of the business capital Colombo . The Parliament of Sri Lanka has been based here since the formal inauguration of its new building on 29 april 1982 . Kotte has a population of 115,826 ( 2001 census ) and Kotte is part of the Colombo Metropolitan Region . eos
has a population of 115,826 ( 2001 census ) and Kotte is part of the Colombo Metropolitan Region . eos
is part of the Colombo Metropolitan Region . eos
( also Al - Kuwait - الكويت ) , population 32,403 ( 2005 Census ) , is the capital of the emirate of Kuwait and part of the Al - Asimah governorate . Locally known as ` ` The City '' ( Al - Diera - ألديره ) , Kuwait_City contains the Majlis Al - Umma ( Kuwait 's parliament ) , most Governmental offices , the headquarters of most Kuwaiti corporations and banks , the Liberation Tower and the Kuwait Towers . Kuwait_City is located at 29 ° 22 ' 11 '' North , 47 ° 58 ' 42 '' East ( 29.369722 , 47.978333 ) . eos
contains the Majlis Al - Umma ( Kuwait 's parliament ) , most Governmental offices , the headquarters of most Kuwaiti corporations and banks , the Liberation Tower and the Kuwait Towers . Kuwait_City is located at 29 ° 22 ' 11 '' North , 47 ° 58 ' 42 '' East ( 29.369722 , 47.978333 ) . Kuwait_City trade and transportation needs are served by Kuwait International Airport , Mina Al - Shuwaik ( Shuwaik Port ) and 50 kilometers to the south by the port of Mina al - Ahmadi ( Ahmadi Port ) on the Persian Gulf coast . eos
is located at 29 ° 22 ' 11 '' North , 47 ° 58 ' 42 '' East ( 29.369722 , 47.978333 ) . Kuwait_City trade and transportation needs are served by Kuwait International Airport , Mina Al - Shuwaik ( Shuwaik Port ) and 50 kilometers to the south by the port of Mina al - Ahmadi ( Ahmadi Port ) on the Persian Gulf coast . eos
trade and transportation needs are served by Kuwait International Airport , Mina Al - Shuwaik ( Shuwaik Port ) and 50 kilometers to the south by the port of Mina al - Ahmadi ( Ahmadi Port ) on the Persian Gulf coast . eos
or Chuquiyapu ( ` ` chuqui '' , ` gold ' , ` ` yapu '' , ` farm ' ) is the administrative capital of Bolivia , as well as the departmental capital of La Paz Department . As of the 2001 census , La_Paz had a population of about one million . La_Paz is situated in the canyon of the Choqueyapu River below a plateau with an altitude of 3,600 meters ( 11,811 feet ) . eos
had a population of about one million . La_Paz is situated in the canyon of the Choqueyapu River below a plateau with an altitude of 3,600 meters ( 11,811 feet ) . Atop the plateau is the city of El Alto , where the international airport is located . eos
is situated in the canyon of the Choqueyapu River below a plateau with an altitude of 3,600 meters ( 11,811 feet ) . Atop the plateau is the city of El Alto , where the international airport is located . Transportation links between the two cities has improved in recent years . eos
is located at 16 ° 30 ' South , 68 ° 8 ' West ( -16.5 , -68.1333 ) . La_Paz name is translated into English as ` ` The Peace '' or ` ` peace . '' La_Paz is renowned for La_Paz unique markets , very unusual topography , and traditional culture . eos
name is translated into English as ` ` The Peace '' or ` ` peace . '' La_Paz is renowned for La_Paz unique markets , very unusual topography , and traditional culture . La_Paz is the capital of a country that is often referred to as the ` ` Tibet of the Americas '' . eos
is renowned for La_Paz unique markets , very unusual topography , and traditional culture . La_Paz is the capital of a country that is often referred to as the ` ` Tibet of the Americas '' . eos
unique markets , very unusual topography , and traditional culture . La_Paz is the capital of a country that is often referred to as the ` ` Tibet of the Americas '' . eos
is the capital of a country that is often referred to as the ` ` Tibet of the Americas '' . eos
is the largest city in Nigeria . As only two censuses ( in 1972 and 1991 ) have been taken since independence , estimates of Lagos population vary considerably , but generally range from 10 to 15.5 million people , making Lagos one of the most populous cities in Africa . Lagos has grown from a small Yoruba settlement , and undergone periods of domination by two European powers , to become the commercial and population center of Nigeria . eos
population vary considerably , but generally range from 10 to 15.5 million people , making Lagos one of the most populous cities in Africa . Lagos has grown from a small Yoruba settlement , and undergone periods of domination by two European powers , to become the commercial and population center of Nigeria . Lagos is also the former capital city of Nigeria ; Lagos has since been replaced by Abuja . eos
one of the most populous cities in Africa . Lagos has grown from a small Yoruba settlement , and undergone periods of domination by two European powers , to become the commercial and population center of Nigeria . Lagos is also the former capital city of Nigeria ; Lagos has since been replaced by Abuja . eos
has grown from a small Yoruba settlement , and undergone periods of domination by two European powers , to become the commercial and population center of Nigeria . Lagos is also the former capital city of Nigeria ; Lagos has since been replaced by Abuja . Abuja city officially gained its status as the capital city of Nigeria on 12 december 1991 ; although Lagos was stripped of this title much earlier , Lagos acted as de facto capital until around 1991 . eos
is also the former capital city of Nigeria ; Lagos has since been replaced by Abuja . Abuja city officially gained its status as the capital city of Nigeria on 12 december 1991 ; although Lagos was stripped of this title much earlier , Lagos acted as de facto capital until around 1991 . eos
has since been replaced by Abuja . Abuja city officially gained its status as the capital city of Nigeria on 12 december 1991 ; although Lagos was stripped of this title much earlier , Lagos acted as de facto capital until around 1991 . eos
was stripped of this title much earlier , Lagos acted as de facto capital until around 1991 . eos
acted as de facto capital until around 1991 . eos
( Urdu : لاہور ) is the capital of the province of Punjab , and the second most populated city in Pakistan , sometimes known as the Gardens of the Mughals , after the significant rich heritage of the Mughal Empire . Lahore is located near the river Ravi and the Indian border , Wagah . Lahore is estimated to have approximately 6.5 million inhabitants , which makes Lahore the second largest city in Pakistan , after Karachi . eos
is located near the river Ravi and the Indian border , Wagah . Lahore is estimated to have approximately 6.5 million inhabitants , which makes Lahore the second largest city in Pakistan , after Karachi . Lahore is considered to be one of the thirty largest cities of the world . eos
is estimated to have approximately 6.5 million inhabitants , which makes Lahore the second largest city in Pakistan , after Karachi . Lahore is considered to be one of the thirty largest cities of the world . Since the rise of the Persian Empire , Lahore has been given the status of being the capital of nearly every empire that has ruled the region . eos
the second largest city in Pakistan , after Karachi . Lahore is considered to be one of the thirty largest cities of the world . Since the rise of the Persian Empire , Lahore has been given the status of being the capital of nearly every empire that has ruled the region . eos
is considered to be one of the thirty largest cities of the world . Since the rise of the Persian Empire , Lahore has been given the status of being the capital of nearly every empire that has ruled the region . During 1021 , Mahmud appointed the throne to Ayaz , making Lahore the capital of the Ghaznavid Empire . eos
has been given the status of being the capital of nearly every empire that has ruled the region . During 1021 , Mahmud appointed the throne to Ayaz , making Lahore the capital of the Ghaznavid Empire . After the fall of the Ghaznavid Empire , Lahore was ruled by various Muslim dynasties including the Khiljis , Tughlaqs , Sayyid , Lodhis and Suris . eos
the capital of the Ghaznavid Empire . After the fall of the Ghaznavid Empire , Lahore was ruled by various Muslim dynasties including the Khiljis , Tughlaqs , Sayyid , Lodhis and Suris . It was not until 1524AD that Lahore became part of the Mughal Empire . eos
was ruled by various Muslim dynasties including the Khiljis , Tughlaqs , Sayyid , Lodhis and Suris . It was not until 1524AD that Lahore became part of the Mughal Empire . It was in 1585AD that Mughal emperor Akbar decided to make Lahore the capital of the Mughal Empire . eos
became part of the Mughal Empire . It was in 1585AD that Mughal emperor Akbar decided to make Lahore the capital of the Mughal Empire . During Akbar 's reign he built the fort that was once the citadel of Lahore . eos
the capital of the Mughal Empire . During Akbar 's reign he built the fort that was once the citadel of Lahore . After his death , his son Jahangir took over control and Lahore remained the capital for over a century until the Mughal Empire fell and Lahore was taken over by the Sikhs . eos
. After his death , his son Jahangir took over control and Lahore remained the capital for over a century until the Mughal Empire fell and Lahore was taken over by the Sikhs . The Sikhs ruled the Punjab region for over half a century until the British Raj took control and Lahore become part of the British empire until independence in 1947AD . eos
remained the capital for over a century until the Mughal Empire fell and Lahore was taken over by the Sikhs . The Sikhs ruled the Punjab region for over half a century until the British Raj took control and Lahore become part of the British empire until independence in 1947AD . Mughal architecture can be seen at its full splendour in the Badshahi Mosque , Lahore Fort , Shalimar Gardens and the mausoleums of Jehangir and Nur Jehan . eos
was taken over by the Sikhs . The Sikhs ruled the Punjab region for over half a century until the British Raj took control and Lahore become part of the British empire until independence in 1947AD . Mughal architecture can be seen at its full splendour in the Badshahi Mosque , Lahore Fort , Shalimar Gardens and the mausoleums of Jehangir and Nur Jehan . eos
become part of the British empire until independence in 1947AD . Mughal architecture can be seen at its full splendour in the Badshahi Mosque , Lahore Fort , Shalimar Gardens and the mausoleums of Jehangir and Nur Jehan . Various buildings originally built by the British ( such as the Lahore High Court ) still retain their Mughal - Gothic style . eos
. Punjabi spoken by the people of Lahore is known as Lahori Punjabi due to a mixture of Punjabi and colloquial Urdu spoken in Lahore . Lahore is largely thought of as the cultural centre of Pakistan . eos
is known as Lahori Punjabi due to a mixture of Punjabi and colloquial Urdu spoken in Lahore . Lahore is largely thought of as the cultural centre of Pakistan . Lahore is widely called the ` ` heart of Pakistan '' in popular culture . eos
. Lahore is largely thought of as the cultural centre of Pakistan . Lahore is widely called the ` ` heart of Pakistan '' in popular culture . eos
is largely thought of as the cultural centre of Pakistan . Lahore is widely called the ` ` heart of Pakistan '' in popular culture . eos
is widely called the ` ` heart of Pakistan '' in popular culture . eos
( population 578,156 january 1 , 2005 ) is the capital and largest city of Gabon . Libreville is a port on the Gabon River , near the Gulf of Guinea , and a trade center for a timber region . Libreville is located at 0 ° 23 ' 24N , 9 ° 27 ' 0E . eos
is a port on the Gabon River , near the Gulf of Guinea , and a trade center for a timber region . Libreville is located at 0 ° 23 ' 24N , 9 ° 27 ' 0E . eos
is located at 0 ° 23 ' 24N , 9 ° 27 ' 0E . eos
, estimated population 597,619 ( 2003 census ) , is the capital of Malawi . Lilongwe lies in the country 's central region , on the Lilongwe river , near the border of Malawi , Mozambique , and Zambia , and on the main north - south highway of Malawi , the M1 . Lilongwe is located at 13 ° 59 'S , 33 ° 47 ' E ( -13.98333 , 33.78333 ) . eos
lies in the country 's central region , on the Lilongwe river , near the border of Malawi , Mozambique , and Zambia , and on the main north - south highway of Malawi , the M1 . Lilongwe is located at 13 ° 59 'S , 33 ° 47 ' E ( -13.98333 , 33.78333 ) . eos
is located at 13 ° 59 'S , 33 ° 47 ' E ( -13.98333 , 33.78333 ) . eos
is the capital and largest city in Peru , as well as the capital of Lima Province . Lima is the cultural , industrial , financial , and transport hub of the country . Lima is located in an area encompassing the valleys of the Chillón , Rímac and Lurín rivers . eos
is the cultural , industrial , financial , and transport hub of the country . Lima is located in an area encompassing the valleys of the Chillón , Rímac and Lurín rivers . Lima lies on a desertic coast adjacent to the bay in the Pacific Ocean where Lima port was built and named Callao . eos
is located in an area encompassing the valleys of the Chillón , Rímac and Lurín rivers . Lima lies on a desertic coast adjacent to the bay in the Pacific Ocean where Lima port was built and named Callao . Founded by Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro , Lima is also known as the City of Kings . eos
lies on a desertic coast adjacent to the bay in the Pacific Ocean where Lima port was built and named Callao . Founded by Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro , Lima is also known as the City of Kings . For more than three centuries , Lima was the most important city and the greatest metropolis in South America . eos
port was built and named Callao . Founded by Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro , Lima is also known as the City of Kings . For more than three centuries , Lima was the most important city and the greatest metropolis in South America . eos
is also known as the City of Kings . For more than three centuries , Lima was the most important city and the greatest metropolis in South America . More than four centuries have passed since Lima founding as a Spanish city , and Lima has become an expression of Peru 's heritage , with nearly one - third of the nation 's population living in Lima metropolitan area . eos
was the most important city and the greatest metropolis in South America . More than four centuries have passed since Lima founding as a Spanish city , and Lima has become an expression of Peru 's heritage , with nearly one - third of the nation 's population living in Lima metropolitan area . While there is no formal administrative definition for Lima , Lima is generally considered to be comprised of the central 30 out of the 43 districts of Lima province , corresponding roughly to the urban area centered on the historic Cercado de Lima district . eos
metropolitan area . While there is no formal administrative definition for Lima , Lima is generally considered to be comprised of the central 30 out of the 43 districts of Lima province , corresponding roughly to the urban area centered on the historic Cercado de Lima district . Lima serves as the core of the Lima Metropolitan Area , one of the ten largest metropolitan areas in the Americas . eos
founding as a Spanish city , and Lima has become an expression of Peru 's heritage , with nearly one - third of the nation 's population living in Lima metropolitan area . While there is no formal administrative definition for Lima , Lima is generally considered to be comprised of the central 30 out of the 43 districts of Lima province , corresponding roughly to the urban area centered on the historic Cercado de Lima district . Lima serves as the core of the Lima Metropolitan Area , one of the ten largest metropolitan areas in the Americas . eos
has become an expression of Peru 's heritage , with nearly one - third of the nation 's population living in Lima metropolitan area . While there is no formal administrative definition for Lima , Lima is generally considered to be comprised of the central 30 out of the 43 districts of Lima province , corresponding roughly to the urban area centered on the historic Cercado de Lima district . Lima serves as the core of the Lima Metropolitan Area , one of the ten largest metropolitan areas in the Americas . eos
, Lima is generally considered to be comprised of the central 30 out of the 43 districts of Lima province , corresponding roughly to the urban area centered on the historic Cercado de Lima district . Lima serves as the core of the Lima Metropolitan Area , one of the ten largest metropolitan areas in the Americas . eos
is generally considered to be comprised of the central 30 out of the 43 districts of Lima province , corresponding roughly to the urban area centered on the historic Cercado de Lima district . Lima serves as the core of the Lima Metropolitan Area , one of the ten largest metropolitan areas in the Americas . eos
serves as the core of the Lima Metropolitan Area , one of the ten largest metropolitan areas in the Americas . eos
( Portuguese : Lisboa , IPA : "" IPA : "" liʒ ` boɐ "" "" ) is the capital and largest city of Portugal . eos
is the seat of the district of Lisbon and capital of Lisboa region . Lisbon has a population of 564 477 ( 2001 ) , and the Lisbon Metropolitan Area has around 2,700,000 inhabitants ( 2005 ) . Lisbon region is the wealthiest region in Portugal and it is well above the European Union 's per capita GDP average . eos
has a population of 564 477 ( 2001 ) , and the Lisbon Metropolitan Area has around 2,700,000 inhabitants ( 2005 ) . Lisbon region is the wealthiest region in Portugal and it is well above the European Union 's per capita GDP average . Lisbon hosts two important European Union agencies namely , the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction eos
hosts two important European Union agencies namely , the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction ( EMCDDA ) and the European Maritime Safety Agency ( EMSA ) . The CPLP ( Community of Portuguese Language Countries ) , is also headquartered in Lisbon . eos
. eos
( IPA : "" IPA : "" ljub ` ljʌna "" "" ) is the capital and largest city in Slovenia . Ljubljana is the cultural , scientific , economic , political and administrative center of Slovenia . eos
is the cultural , scientific , economic , political and administrative center of Slovenia . Ljubljana is situated in central Slovenia , between the Alps and the Mediterranean . Ljubljana transport connections , concentration of industry , scientific and research institutions and industrial tradition underlie Ljubljana leading economic position . eos
is situated in central Slovenia , between the Alps and the Mediterranean . Ljubljana transport connections , concentration of industry , scientific and research institutions and industrial tradition underlie Ljubljana leading economic position . Ljubljana is the seat of the central government , administrative bodies and all government ministries . eos
transport connections , concentration of industry , scientific and research institutions and industrial tradition underlie Ljubljana leading economic position . Ljubljana is the seat of the central government , administrative bodies and all government ministries . Ljubljana is also the seat of Parliament and the Office of the President of Slovenia . eos
leading economic position . Ljubljana is the seat of the central government , administrative bodies and all government ministries . Ljubljana is also the seat of Parliament and the Office of the President of Slovenia . eos
is the seat of the central government , administrative bodies and all government ministries . Ljubljana is also the seat of Parliament and the Office of the President of Slovenia . eos
is also the seat of Parliament and the Office of the President of Slovenia . eos
, known around the world as ` ` LA '' or by locals as the ` ` City of Angels '' , is the most populous city in the state of California and the second - most in the United States . One of the world 's major global cities , Los_Angeles_California is located in Southern California and Los_Angeles_California has a population of just over 4 million people , spanning 498 square miles . According to the US Census Bureau , the Los Angeles metropolitan area has a total area of 4,850 square miles and is home to roughly 13 million people . eos
is located in Southern California and Los_Angeles_California has a population of just over 4 million people , spanning 498 square miles . According to the US Census Bureau , the Los Angeles metropolitan area has a total area of 4,850 square miles and is home to roughly 13 million people . Los_Angeles_California is also one of the world 's most multicultural cities . eos
has a population of just over 4 million people , spanning 498 square miles . According to the US Census Bureau , the Los Angeles metropolitan area has a total area of 4,850 square miles and is home to roughly 13 million people . Los_Angeles_California is also one of the world 's most multicultural cities . eos
is also one of the world 's most multicultural cities . Los_Angeles_California was founded in 1781 though Los_Angeles_California was not incorporated as a municipality until april 4 , 1850 - five months before California achieved statehood - and Los_Angeles_California is the county seat of Los Angeles County . Los_Angeles_California is one of the world 's most important centers of culture , science , technology , international trade , and higher education , and Los_Angeles_California is home to numerous world - renowned institutions in a broad range of professional and cultural fields . eos
was founded in 1781 though Los_Angeles_California was not incorporated as a municipality until april 4 , 1850 - five months before California achieved statehood - and Los_Angeles_California is the county seat of Los Angeles County . Los_Angeles_California is one of the world 's most important centers of culture , science , technology , international trade , and higher education , and Los_Angeles_California is home to numerous world - renowned institutions in a broad range of professional and cultural fields . Los_Angeles_California has a wide and diverse range of museums , theatres , and galleries . eos
was not incorporated as a municipality until april 4 , 1850 - five months before California achieved statehood - and Los_Angeles_California is the county seat of Los Angeles County . Los_Angeles_California is one of the world 's most important centers of culture , science , technology , international trade , and higher education , and Los_Angeles_California is home to numerous world - renowned institutions in a broad range of professional and cultural fields . Los_Angeles_California has a wide and diverse range of museums , theatres , and galleries . eos
is the county seat of Los Angeles County . Los_Angeles_California is one of the world 's most important centers of culture , science , technology , international trade , and higher education , and Los_Angeles_California is home to numerous world - renowned institutions in a broad range of professional and cultural fields . Los_Angeles_California has a wide and diverse range of museums , theatres , and galleries . eos
is one of the world 's most important centers of culture , science , technology , international trade , and higher education , and Los_Angeles_California is home to numerous world - renowned institutions in a broad range of professional and cultural fields . Los_Angeles_California has a wide and diverse range of museums , theatres , and galleries . In addition , Los_Angeles_California is a leading producer of popular entertainment - such as motion pictures , television , and recorded music - which forms the base of Los_Angeles_California international fame and global status . eos
is home to numerous world - renowned institutions in a broad range of professional and cultural fields . Los_Angeles_California has a wide and diverse range of museums , theatres , and galleries . In addition , Los_Angeles_California is a leading producer of popular entertainment - such as motion pictures , television , and recorded music - which forms the base of Los_Angeles_California international fame and global status . eos
has a wide and diverse range of museums , theatres , and galleries . In addition , Los_Angeles_California is a leading producer of popular entertainment - such as motion pictures , television , and recorded music - which forms the base of Los_Angeles_California international fame and global status . In many circles , Los_Angeles_California is considered the leading center of American popular culture and Los_Angeles_California numerous media companies are a driving force in the Americanization of many countries in the Western world . eos
is a leading producer of popular entertainment - such as motion pictures , television , and recorded music - which forms the base of Los_Angeles_California international fame and global status . In many circles , Los_Angeles_California is considered the leading center of American popular culture and Los_Angeles_California numerous media companies are a driving force in the Americanization of many countries in the Western world . eos
international fame and global status . In many circles , Los_Angeles_California is considered the leading center of American popular culture and Los_Angeles_California numerous media companies are a driving force in the Americanization of many countries in the Western world . eos
is considered the leading center of American popular culture and Los_Angeles_California numerous media companies are a driving force in the Americanization of many countries in the Western world . eos
numerous media companies are a driving force in the Americanization of many countries in the Western world . eos
( formerly called Loanda ) is the largest city and capital of Angola . Located on the Atlantic Ocean , Luanda is both Angola 's chief seaport and administrative centre . Luanda has a population of approximately 4.5 million ( UN 2004 estimates ) , and Luanda is the capital city of Luanda Province . eos
is both Angola 's chief seaport and administrative centre . Luanda has a population of approximately 4.5 million ( UN 2004 estimates ) , and Luanda is the capital city of Luanda Province . Luanda is located at 8 ° 50 ' 18 '' South , 13 ° 14 ' 4 '' East ( -8.83833 , 13.23444 ) . eos
has a population of approximately 4.5 million ( UN 2004 estimates ) , and Luanda is the capital city of Luanda Province . Luanda is located at 8 ° 50 ' 18 '' South , 13 ° 14 ' 4 '' East ( -8.83833 , 13.23444 ) . Manufacturing includes processed foods , beverages , textiles , cement and other construction materials , plastic products , metalware , cigarettes , and shoes . eos
is the capital city of Luanda Province . Luanda is located at 8 ° 50 ' 18 '' South , 13 ° 14 ' 4 '' East ( -8.83833 , 13.23444 ) . Manufacturing includes processed foods , beverages , textiles , cement and other construction materials , plastic products , metalware , cigarettes , and shoes . eos
is located at 8 ° 50 ' 18 '' South , 13 ° 14 ' 4 '' East ( -8.83833 , 13.23444 ) . Manufacturing includes processed foods , beverages , textiles , cement and other construction materials , plastic products , metalware , cigarettes , and shoes . Petroleum , found nearby , is refined in Luanda although this facility has been repeatedly damaged during the civil war . eos
although this facility has been repeatedly damaged during the civil war . Luanda has an excellent natural harbour , and the chief exports are coffee , cotton , sugar , diamonds , iron , and salt . Luanda is divided into two parts , the baixa ( old city ) and the cidade alta ( new part ) . eos
has an excellent natural harbour , and the chief exports are coffee , cotton , sugar , diamonds , iron , and salt . Luanda is divided into two parts , the baixa ( old city ) and the cidade alta ( new part ) . The baixa is situated next to the port and has narrow streets and old colonial buildings . eos
is divided into two parts , the baixa ( old city ) and the cidade alta ( new part ) . The baixa is situated next to the port and has narrow streets and old colonial buildings . The inhabitants of Luanda are primarily members of African ethnic groups , including the Ovimbundu , Kimbundu and Bakongo tribes . eos
are primarily members of African ethnic groups , including the Ovimbundu , Kimbundu and Bakongo tribes . The official and the most spoken language is Portuguese , although many Bantu - related indigenous languages are spoken . There is a very small population of European origin . eos
is the capital of Spain and the third most populous city in the European Union . Madrid is also the largest city in Spain , as well as in the province and the autonomous community of the same name . Madrid is located on the river Manzanares in the center of the country , between the autonomous communities of Castilla - León and Castilla - La Mancha . eos
is also the largest city in Spain , as well as in the province and the autonomous community of the same name . Madrid is located on the river Manzanares in the center of the country , between the autonomous communities of Castilla - León and Castilla - La Mancha . Due to Madrid geographical location , wealth and history , Madrid is considered one of the financial centers of the Iberian Peninsula , together with Lisbon , and the political center of Spain . eos
is located on the river Manzanares in the center of the country , between the autonomous communities of Castilla - León and Castilla - La Mancha . Due to Madrid geographical location , wealth and history , Madrid is considered one of the financial centers of the Iberian Peninsula , together with Lisbon , and the political center of Spain . As the capital of the Spanish Empire , Madrid is a city of great cultural and political importance . eos
geographical location , wealth and history , Madrid is considered one of the financial centers of the Iberian Peninsula , together with Lisbon , and the political center of Spain . As the capital of the Spanish Empire , Madrid is a city of great cultural and political importance . While Madrid possesses a modern infrastructure , Madrid has preserved the look and feel of many of Madrid historic neighborhoods and streets . eos
is considered one of the financial centers of the Iberian Peninsula , together with Lisbon , and the political center of Spain . As the capital of the Spanish Empire , Madrid is a city of great cultural and political importance . While Madrid possesses a modern infrastructure , Madrid has preserved the look and feel of many of Madrid historic neighborhoods and streets . eos
is a city of great cultural and political importance . While Madrid possesses a modern infrastructure , Madrid has preserved the look and feel of many of Madrid historic neighborhoods and streets . Madrid landmarks include the huge Royal Palace of Madrid ; a restored 1850 opera house ; the Buen Retiro park , opened in 1631 ; the imposing 19th - century building containing the Spanish National Library ( founded 1712 ) ; the national archives ; an archaeological museum of international reptuation ; and three superb art museums : Prado Museum , which houses one of the finest art collections in the world , the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía , a museum of modern art , and the Thyssen - Bornemisza Museum , housed in the renovated Villahermosa Palace . eos
possesses a modern infrastructure , Madrid has preserved the look and feel of many of Madrid historic neighborhoods and streets . Madrid landmarks include the huge Royal Palace of Madrid ; a restored 1850 opera house ; the Buen Retiro park , opened in 1631 ; the imposing 19th - century building containing the Spanish National Library ( founded 1712 ) ; the national archives ; an archaeological museum of international reptuation ; and three superb art museums : Prado Museum , which houses one of the finest art collections in the world , the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía , a museum of modern art , and the Thyssen - Bornemisza Museum , housed in the renovated Villahermosa Palace . The population of Madrid was 3.5 million ( december 2005 ) , while the estimated urban area population is 5.5 million . eos
has preserved the look and feel of many of Madrid historic neighborhoods and streets . Madrid landmarks include the huge Royal Palace of Madrid ; a restored 1850 opera house ; the Buen Retiro park , opened in 1631 ; the imposing 19th - century building containing the Spanish National Library ( founded 1712 ) ; the national archives ; an archaeological museum of international reptuation ; and three superb art museums : Prado Museum , which houses one of the finest art collections in the world , the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía , a museum of modern art , and the Thyssen - Bornemisza Museum , housed in the renovated Villahermosa Palace . The population of Madrid was 3.5 million ( december 2005 ) , while the estimated urban area population is 5.5 million . eos
historic neighborhoods and streets . Madrid landmarks include the huge Royal Palace of Madrid ; a restored 1850 opera house ; the Buen Retiro park , opened in 1631 ; the imposing 19th - century building containing the Spanish National Library ( founded 1712 ) ; the national archives ; an archaeological museum of international reptuation ; and three superb art museums : Prado Museum , which houses one of the finest art collections in the world , the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía , a museum of modern art , and the Thyssen - Bornemisza Museum , housed in the renovated Villahermosa Palace . The population of Madrid was 3.5 million ( december 2005 ) , while the estimated urban area population is 5.5 million . eos
landmarks include the huge Royal Palace of Madrid ; a restored 1850 opera house ; the Buen Retiro park , opened in 1631 ; the imposing 19th - century building containing the Spanish National Library ( founded 1712 ) ; the national archives ; an archaeological museum of international reptuation ; and three superb art museums : Prado Museum , which houses one of the finest art collections in the world , the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía , a museum of modern art , and the Thyssen - Bornemisza Museum , housed in the renovated Villahermosa Palace . The population of Madrid was 3.5 million ( december 2005 ) , while the estimated urban area population is 5.5 million . The entire population of the Madrid metropolitan area ( urban area and suburbs ) is calculated to be 5.84 million . eos
was 3.5 million ( december 2005 ) , while the estimated urban area population is 5.5 million . The entire population of the Madrid metropolitan area ( urban area and suburbs ) is calculated to be 5.84 million . Madrid spans a total of 607 km ² ( 234 square miles ) . eos
spans a total of 607 km ² ( 234 square miles ) . Following the restoration of democracy in 1975 and Spain 's integration into the European Union , Madrid has played an increasing role in European finances , marking Madrid as one of the most important European metropolises . The residents of Madrid are called Madrileños , and the current mayor is Alberto Ruiz - Gallardón , of the centre - right Partido Popular . eos
has played an increasing role in European finances , marking Madrid as one of the most important European metropolises . The residents of Madrid are called Madrileños , and the current mayor is Alberto Ruiz - Gallardón , of the centre - right Partido Popular . See Wiktionary for the name of Madrid in various languages other than English and Spanish . eos
as one of the most important European metropolises . The residents of Madrid are called Madrileños , and the current mayor is Alberto Ruiz - Gallardón , of the centre - right Partido Popular . See Wiktionary for the name of Madrid in various languages other than English and Spanish . eos
are called Madrileños , and the current mayor is Alberto Ruiz - Gallardón , of the centre - right Partido Popular . See Wiktionary for the name of Madrid in various languages other than English and Spanish . eos
in various languages other than English and Spanish . eos
, population 25,400 ( as of 2004 ) , is the capital of the Republic of the Marshall Islands . Built on an atoll of 64 islands , the Majuro Atoll , Majuro has a port and an international airport . The major population centers are the D - U - D communities , the islands of Dalap - Uliga - Darrit ( listed from south to north , on the eastern edge of the atoll ) . eos
has a port and an international airport . The major population centers are the D - U - D communities , the islands of Dalap - Uliga - Darrit ( listed from south to north , on the eastern edge of the atoll ) . Uliga is the main business district , and banking and tourism are increasingly important . eos
, in Rita . Majuro is located at 7 ° 7 ' 30 '' North , 171 ° 4 ' East ( 7.125 , 171.0667 ) . The atoll itself has a land area of only 3.75 sq mi ( 9.7 km ² ) , but encloses a lagoon of 113.92 sq mi ( 295 km ² ) . eos
is located at 7 ° 7 ' 30 '' North , 171 ° 4 ' East ( 7.125 , 171.0667 ) . The atoll itself has a land area of only 3.75 sq mi ( 9.7 km ² ) , but encloses a lagoon of 113.92 sq mi ( 295 km ² ) . Sport fishing is popular , and underwater divers are attracted to the area . eos
and Kwajalein serve as the transportation hubs for the Marshall Islands , both for air service and shipping , though Majuro is more used because of Kwajalein 's restricted military status . During World War II , on january 30 , 1944 United States troops invaded Majuro . eos
is more used because of Kwajalein 's restricted military status . During World War II , on january 30 , 1944 United States troops invaded Majuro . eos
. eos
is the capital city of Equatorial Guinea , located on the northern coast of Bioko Island ( formerly Fernando Póo ) . Malabo population has grown rapidly over the past ten years to about 100,000 . Malabo is located at 3 ° 45 ' North , 8 ° 45 ' East ( 3.75 , 8.75 ) . eos
population has grown rapidly over the past ten years to about 100,000 . Malabo is located at 3 ° 45 ' North , 8 ° 45 ' East ( 3.75 , 8.75 ) . Malabo was first founded by the British in 1827 , who leased the island from Spain during the colonial period . eos
is located at 3 ° 45 ' North , 8 ° 45 ' East ( 3.75 , 8.75 ) . Malabo was first founded by the British in 1827 , who leased the island from Spain during the colonial period . Named Port Clarence , Malabo was used as a naval station in the effort to suppress the slave trade . eos
was first founded by the British in 1827 , who leased the island from Spain during the colonial period . Named Port Clarence , Malabo was used as a naval station in the effort to suppress the slave trade . Many newly freed slaves were also settled there , prior to the establishment of Sierra Leone as a colony for freed slaves . eos
was used as a naval station in the effort to suppress the slave trade . Many newly freed slaves were also settled there , prior to the establishment of Sierra Leone as a colony for freed slaves . While many of them later relocated to Sierra Leone , some of their descendants , called Fernandinos , can still be found in Malabo and the surrounding area , where they constitute a distinct ethnic group , speaking their own Afro - Portuguese pidgin dialect . eos
and the surrounding area , where they constitute a distinct ethnic group , speaking their own Afro - Portuguese pidgin dialect . When the island reverted to complete Spanish control , Malabo was renamed Santa Isabel . Malabo was chosen to replace the mainland town of Bata as the capital of the country in 1969 , and Malabo was renamed Malabo in 1973 as part of President Francisco Macías Nguema 's campaign to replace European place names with ` ` authentic '' African ones . eos
was renamed Santa Isabel . Malabo was chosen to replace the mainland town of Bata as the capital of the country in 1969 , and Malabo was renamed Malabo in 1973 as part of President Francisco Macías Nguema 's campaign to replace European place names with ` ` authentic '' African ones . During his ` ` reign of terror , '' Macías Nguema led a near - genocide of the country 's Bubi minority , which formed the majority on Bioko Island , and brought many of his own tribespeople , the Fang to Malabo . eos
was chosen to replace the mainland town of Bata as the capital of the country in 1969 , and Malabo was renamed Malabo in 1973 as part of President Francisco Macías Nguema 's campaign to replace European place names with ` ` authentic '' African ones . During his ` ` reign of terror , '' Macías Nguema led a near - genocide of the country 's Bubi minority , which formed the majority on Bioko Island , and brought many of his own tribespeople , the Fang to Malabo . In the final years of his rule , when Equatorial Guinea was sometimes known as the ` ` Auschwitz of Africa , '' much of Malabo population fled as , indeed , about one - third of the country 's population . eos
was renamed Malabo in 1973 as part of President Francisco Macías Nguema 's campaign to replace European place names with ` ` authentic '' African ones . During his ` ` reign of terror , '' Macías Nguema led a near - genocide of the country 's Bubi minority , which formed the majority on Bioko Island , and brought many of his own tribespeople , the Fang to Malabo . In the final years of his rule , when Equatorial Guinea was sometimes known as the ` ` Auschwitz of Africa , '' much of Malabo population fled as , indeed , about one - third of the country 's population . eos
. In the final years of his rule , when Equatorial Guinea was sometimes known as the ` ` Auschwitz of Africa , '' much of Malabo population fled as , indeed , about one - third of the country 's population . Malabo has yet to recover from the scars of that period . eos
population fled as , indeed , about one - third of the country 's population . Malabo has yet to recover from the scars of that period . eos
has yet to recover from the scars of that period . eos
( Dhivehi : މާލެ ) , ( pronounced : ` ` Maa - lay '' ) population 81,647 ( 2004 ) , is the capital of the Republic of Maldives . Male is located on Malé Island in the Kaafu Atoll . eos
is located on Malé Island in the Kaafu Atoll . Although Male is geographically located in Kaafu Atoll , administratively Male is not considered part of it . A commercial harbor is located in the Island . eos
is geographically located in Kaafu Atoll , administratively Male is not considered part of it . A commercial harbor is located in the Island . It is the heart of all commercial activities in the country . eos
is not considered part of it . A commercial harbor is located in the Island . It is the heart of all commercial activities in the country . eos
is located at 4 ° 10 ' North , 73 ° 30 ' East ( 4.1667 , 73.5 ) . Male was founded by Portuguese traders in the 16th century . The island is heavily urbanised , Male taking up essentially its entire landmass . eos
was founded by Portuguese traders in the 16th century . The island is heavily urbanised , Male taking up essentially its entire landmass . Male is the world 's most densely populated city ( see list of selected cities by population density ) . eos
taking up essentially its entire landmass . Male is the world 's most densely populated city ( see list of selected cities by population density ) . Slightly less than one third of the nation 's population lives in Male . eos
is the world 's most densely populated city ( see list of selected cities by population density ) . Slightly less than one third of the nation 's population lives in Male . Many , if not most , Maldivians and foreign workers in Maldives find themselves in occasional short term residence on the island due to it being the only entry point to the nation and the center of all administration and bureaucracy . eos
. Many , if not most , Maldivians and foreign workers in Maldives find themselves in occasional short term residence on the island due to it being the only entry point to the nation and the center of all administration and bureaucracy . Male is divided into four divisions ; Henveiru , Galolhu , Maafannu and Machangolhi . eos
is divided into four divisions ; Henveiru , Galolhu , Maafannu and Machangolhi . Male was struck by the tsunami that swept across the western coast of Sumatra on december 26 2004 . Male was affected by the Indian Ocean earthquake which followed with the waves flooding two - thirds of Male . eos
was struck by the tsunami that swept across the western coast of Sumatra on december 26 2004 . Male was affected by the Indian Ocean earthquake which followed with the waves flooding two - thirds of Male . The earthquake and subsequent tsunamis reportedly killed over 220,000 people around the rim of the Indian Ocean . eos
was affected by the Indian Ocean earthquake which followed with the waves flooding two - thirds of Male . The earthquake and subsequent tsunamis reportedly killed over 220,000 people around the rim of the Indian Ocean . eos
. The earthquake and subsequent tsunamis reportedly killed over 220,000 people around the rim of the Indian Ocean . eos
, with a population of about 1,380,100 , is the capital city of Nicaragua . Situated on the southwestern shore of Lake Managua , at 12 ° 9 ` N , 86 ° 16 ` W , Managua was made the national capital in 1857 ; previously the capital had alternated between the cities of León and Granada . Managua is overwhelmingly populated by Spanish - speaking Whites and Mestizos . eos
was made the national capital in 1857 ; previously the capital had alternated between the cities of León and Granada . Managua is overwhelmingly populated by Spanish - speaking Whites and Mestizos . There are also third , fourth and fifth generation communities of Catalonians , Germans , Italians , and French as well as Middle Easterners . eos
is overwhelmingly populated by Spanish - speaking Whites and Mestizos . There are also third , fourth and fifth generation communities of Catalonians , Germans , Italians , and French as well as Middle Easterners . Asians - entirely Japanese and Chinese ( both Mainlanders and Taiwanese ) - recently there has also been a growing number of Americans moving to Managua and Nicaragua in general due to cheap real estate prices compared to neighbouring Costa Rica . eos
and Nicaragua in general due to cheap real estate prices compared to neighbouring Costa Rica . Managua is considered to be the safest city in Central America and one of the safest cities in all of the Americas , surprisingly much more than many North American cities . Managua has been witness to many of the rises and falls of political powers across the history of Nicaragua , and also suffering two devastating earthquakes in the 20th century alone . eos
is considered to be the safest city in Central America and one of the safest cities in all of the Americas , surprisingly much more than many North American cities . Managua has been witness to many of the rises and falls of political powers across the history of Nicaragua , and also suffering two devastating earthquakes in the 20th century alone . Nonetheless Managua has proved to be a tenacious city and Managua still stands , as Managua continues to be an interesting and developing place , growing quite impressively . eos
has been witness to many of the rises and falls of political powers across the history of Nicaragua , and also suffering two devastating earthquakes in the 20th century alone . Nonetheless Managua has proved to be a tenacious city and Managua still stands , as Managua continues to be an interesting and developing place , growing quite impressively . Managua is also considered somewhat confusing for visitors , because street names are generally not used . eos
has proved to be a tenacious city and Managua still stands , as Managua continues to be an interesting and developing place , growing quite impressively . Managua is also considered somewhat confusing for visitors , because street names are generally not used . After the 1972 earthquake many of Managua building and landmarks were damaged ; in addition , after the civil war , many of the suburbs were named after deceased combat fighters . eos
still stands , as Managua continues to be an interesting and developing place , growing quite impressively . Managua is also considered somewhat confusing for visitors , because street names are generally not used . After the 1972 earthquake many of Managua building and landmarks were damaged ; in addition , after the civil war , many of the suburbs were named after deceased combat fighters . eos
continues to be an interesting and developing place , growing quite impressively . Managua is also considered somewhat confusing for visitors , because street names are generally not used . After the 1972 earthquake many of Managua building and landmarks were damaged ; in addition , after the civil war , many of the suburbs were named after deceased combat fighters . eos
is also considered somewhat confusing for visitors , because street names are generally not used . After the 1972 earthquake many of Managua building and landmarks were damaged ; in addition , after the civil war , many of the suburbs were named after deceased combat fighters . Directions are always given relative to landmarks , but landmarks are often used which no longer exist . eos
building and landmarks were damaged ; in addition , after the civil war , many of the suburbs were named after deceased combat fighters . Directions are always given relative to landmarks , but landmarks are often used which no longer exist . There have been suggestions that there be an organization of the system of address for more simplicity . eos
is the capital of Mozambique . A port on the Indian Ocean , Maputo economy is centered around the harbour . Maputo has an official population of approximately 966,837 ( 1997 ) , but the actual population is estimated to be much higher due to slums and other unofficial settlements . eos
economy is centered around the harbour . Maputo has an official population of approximately 966,837 ( 1997 ) , but the actual population is estimated to be much higher due to slums and other unofficial settlements . Coal , cotton , sugar , chrome , sisal , copra , and hardwood are the chief exports . eos
has an official population of approximately 966,837 ( 1997 ) , but the actual population is estimated to be much higher due to slums and other unofficial settlements . Coal , cotton , sugar , chrome , sisal , copra , and hardwood are the chief exports . Maputo manufactures cement , pottery , furniture , shoes , and rubber . eos
manufactures cement , pottery , furniture , shoes , and rubber . There is also a large aluminium smelting plant , Mozal . Maputo is surrounded by Maputo Province , but Maputo is administered as Maputo own province . eos
is surrounded by Maputo Province , but Maputo is administered as Maputo own province . Maputo is located at 25 ° 54 ' 55 '' South , 32 ° 34 ' 35 '' East ( -25.915278 , 32.576389 ) . Maputo is located on the west side of Maputo Bay , at the mouth of the Tembe River . eos
is administered as Maputo own province . Maputo is located at 25 ° 54 ' 55 '' South , 32 ° 34 ' 35 '' East ( -25.915278 , 32.576389 ) . Maputo is located on the west side of Maputo Bay , at the mouth of the Tembe River . eos
own province . Maputo is located at 25 ° 54 ' 55 '' South , 32 ° 34 ' 35 '' East ( -25.915278 , 32.576389 ) . Maputo is located on the west side of Maputo Bay , at the mouth of the Tembe River . eos
is located at 25 ° 54 ' 55 '' South , 32 ° 34 ' 35 '' East ( -25.915278 , 32.576389 ) . Maputo is located on the west side of Maputo Bay , at the mouth of the Tembe River . The bay is 95 km ( 50 mi ) long and 30 km ( 20 mi ) wide . eos
is located on the west side of Maputo Bay , at the mouth of the Tembe River . The bay is 95 km ( 50 mi ) long and 30 km ( 20 mi ) wide . The Maputo River empties into the southern end of the bay . eos
was named Lourenço Marques for Lourenço Marques , the Portuguese trader who was the first European to explore the area in 1544 . In 1895 , construction of a railroad to Pretoria , South Africa caused Maputo population to grow . In 1898 , Maputo became the capital of Mozambique . eos
population to grow . In 1898 , Maputo became the capital of Mozambique . During the Second Boer War , Winston Churchill , after being captured by the Boers , made a daring escape to Maputo by slipping past the sentries . eos
became the capital of Mozambique . During the Second Boer War , Winston Churchill , after being captured by the Boers , made a daring escape to Maputo by slipping past the sentries . After independence , Maputo name was changed to Maputo . eos
by slipping past the sentries . After independence , Maputo name was changed to Maputo . Maputo name reputedly has its origin in an old , fierce tribal leader , Maputa , who once ruled over the region . eos
name was changed to Maputo . Maputo name reputedly has its origin in an old , fierce tribal leader , Maputa , who once ruled over the region . Maputo holds the Universidade Eduardo Mondlane , Mozambique 's first university . eos
name reputedly has its origin in an old , fierce tribal leader , Maputa , who once ruled over the region . Maputo holds the Universidade Eduardo Mondlane , Mozambique 's first university . Maputo also has a museum of Mozambique history , a military museum , and the Roman Catholic Cathedral of Our Lady of Fatima . eos
holds the Universidade Eduardo Mondlane , Mozambique 's first university . Maputo also has a museum of Mozambique history , a military museum , and the Roman Catholic Cathedral of Our Lady of Fatima . Maputo is a planned city with square blocks and wide avenues , with Portuguese traces and their typical architecture of the 70s . eos
also has a museum of Mozambique history , a military museum , and the Roman Catholic Cathedral of Our Lady of Fatima . Maputo is a planned city with square blocks and wide avenues , with Portuguese traces and their typical architecture of the 70s . The Portuguese left in massive numbers at the end of the independence war in 1975 , and the resultant lack of skills and capital , in the context of a fierce civil war and government mismanagement , contributed to Maputo state of dereliction in the years following the declaration of peace . eos
is a planned city with square blocks and wide avenues , with Portuguese traces and their typical architecture of the 70s . The Portuguese left in massive numbers at the end of the independence war in 1975 , and the resultant lack of skills and capital , in the context of a fierce civil war and government mismanagement , contributed to Maputo state of dereliction in the years following the declaration of peace . Nevertheless , Maputo was never damaged , since Maputo was tacitly considered neutral ground during both the colonial and the civil war . eos
state of dereliction in the years following the declaration of peace . Nevertheless , Maputo was never damaged , since Maputo was tacitly considered neutral ground during both the colonial and the civil war . Recovery has always been very slow due to a lack of investement . eos
was never damaged , since Maputo was tacitly considered neutral ground during both the colonial and the civil war . Recovery has always been very slow due to a lack of investement . In many cases new buildings are being erected for the rising middle class , rather than existing buildings being renovated , and many city services are still precarious . eos
was tacitly considered neutral ground during both the colonial and the civil war . Recovery has always been very slow due to a lack of investement . In many cases new buildings are being erected for the rising middle class , rather than existing buildings being renovated , and many city services are still precarious . eos
is a melting pot of several cultures , with a strong South African influence . The Bantu and Portuguese cultures dominate , but the influence of Arab , East Indian , and Chinese cultures is also felt . The cuisine is very elaborate , due especially to the Portuguese and Muslim heritage . eos
, with an estimated population of 70,000 ( 2003 ) , is the capital of Swaziland . Mbabane is located on the Mbabane River and its tributary the Polinjane River in the Mdimba Mountains at 26 ° 19 ' South , 31 ° 8 ' East ( -26.31667 , 31.1333 ) . Mbabane grew after the nation 's administrative centre moved from Manzini in 1902 . eos
is located on the Mbabane River and its tributary the Polinjane River in the Mdimba Mountains at 26 ° 19 ' South , 31 ° 8 ' East ( -26.31667 , 31.1333 ) . Mbabane grew after the nation 's administrative centre moved from Manzini in 1902 . Mbabane is also a commercial hub for the surrounding region , while tin and iron are mined nearby . eos
grew after the nation 's administrative centre moved from Manzini in 1902 . Mbabane is also a commercial hub for the surrounding region , while tin and iron are mined nearby . Mbabane closest border crossing to South Africa is Ngwenya - Oshoek , and though siSwati is the primary language , English is widespread . eos
is also a commercial hub for the surrounding region , while tin and iron are mined nearby . Mbabane closest border crossing to South Africa is Ngwenya - Oshoek , and though siSwati is the primary language , English is widespread . Mbabane , and Swaziland itself , thrive on tourism and sugar exports . eos
closest border crossing to South Africa is Ngwenya - Oshoek , and though siSwati is the primary language , English is widespread . Mbabane , and Swaziland itself , thrive on tourism and sugar exports . The average annual temperature is 15 ° C in july and 22 ° C in january "" 1 "" . eos
, and Swaziland itself , thrive on tourism and sugar exports . The average annual temperature is 15 ° C in july and 22 ° C in january "" 1 "" . eos
( pronounced either "" IPA : / ˈmelbən / "" or "" IPA : / ˈmælbən / "" ) is the second most populous city in Australia , with a metropolitan area population of approximately 3.7 million ( 2006 estimate ) . Located in the country 's south - east , Melbourne is the state capital of Victoria and Melbourne is home to over 70 % of all Victorians . eos
is the state capital of Victoria and Melbourne is home to over 70 % of all Victorians . Founded by free - settlers in 1835 , 47 years after the first European settlement of Australia , Melbourne was transformed from a small pastoral settlement into a growing metropolis by the Victorian gold rush in the 1850s . By 1865 , Melbourne was Australia 's most populous and important city . eos
is home to over 70 % of all Victorians . Founded by free - settlers in 1835 , 47 years after the first European settlement of Australia , Melbourne was transformed from a small pastoral settlement into a growing metropolis by the Victorian gold rush in the 1850s . By 1865 , Melbourne was Australia 's most populous and important city . eos
was transformed from a small pastoral settlement into a growing metropolis by the Victorian gold rush in the 1850s . By 1865 , Melbourne was Australia 's most populous and important city . Melbourne served as the temporary national capital from the Federation of Australia until the construction of Canberra in 1927 . eos
was Australia 's most populous and important city . Melbourne served as the temporary national capital from the Federation of Australia until the construction of Canberra in 1927 . Today , Melbourne is a major centre of commerce , industry and cultural activity . eos
served as the temporary national capital from the Federation of Australia until the construction of Canberra in 1927 . Today , Melbourne is a major centre of commerce , industry and cultural activity . Often referred to as both the ` ` cultural capital of Australia '' and the ` ` sporting capital of Australia '' , Melbourne has a rich history and Melbourne is home to many of Australia 's major annual sporting and cultural events . eos
is a major centre of commerce , industry and cultural activity . Often referred to as both the ` ` cultural capital of Australia '' and the ` ` sporting capital of Australia '' , Melbourne has a rich history and Melbourne is home to many of Australia 's major annual sporting and cultural events . eos
has a rich history and Melbourne is home to many of Australia 's major annual sporting and cultural events . eos
is home to many of Australia 's major annual sporting and cultural events . eos
( Somali : Muqdisho , popularly Xamar ; "" Arabic : مقديشو "" Maqadīshū ; eos
lies on the historically important Indian Ocean Benadir coast , and Mogadishu has served as an important regional port for centuries . With the 1991 collapse of central governance in Somalia , Mogadishu has seen 15 years of fighting by rival militias . However , since june 2006 , Mogadishu has seen unusual peace and stabiliy , thanks to the Islamic Courts Union - though the group is thought by some to have links within the courts with al - Qaeda with plans to overthrow the Somali government . eos
has served as an important regional port for centuries . With the 1991 collapse of central governance in Somalia , Mogadishu has seen 15 years of fighting by rival militias . However , since june 2006 , Mogadishu has seen unusual peace and stabiliy , thanks to the Islamic Courts Union - though the group is thought by some to have links within the courts with al - Qaeda with plans to overthrow the Somali government . eos
has seen 15 years of fighting by rival militias . However , since june 2006 , Mogadishu has seen unusual peace and stabiliy , thanks to the Islamic Courts Union - though the group is thought by some to have links within the courts with al - Qaeda with plans to overthrow the Somali government . With no government and an unstable situation , estimates of Mogadishu current population vary wildly , between 1.5 and 3 million . eos
has seen unusual peace and stabiliy , thanks to the Islamic Courts Union - though the group is thought by some to have links within the courts with al - Qaeda with plans to overthrow the Somali government . With no government and an unstable situation , estimates of Mogadishu current population vary wildly , between 1.5 and 3 million . eos
current population vary wildly , between 1.5 and 3 million . eos
- pron "" IPA : monteβi ` ðeo "" is the capital , largest city , and chief port of Uruguay . Given that Montevideo is more than twice as large as any other city in the country , Montevideo is considered a primate city . As of april 2006 , Montevideo is ranked by Mercer Human Resource Consulting as the city in Latin America with the highest quality of life . eos
is more than twice as large as any other city in the country , Montevideo is considered a primate city . As of april 2006 , Montevideo is ranked by Mercer Human Resource Consulting as the city in Latin America with the highest quality of life . eos
is considered a primate city . As of april 2006 , Montevideo is ranked by Mercer Human Resource Consulting as the city in Latin America with the highest quality of life . eos
is ranked by Mercer Human Resource Consulting as the city in Latin America with the highest quality of life . eos
, or Montréal in French , ( pronounced / ˌmʌntɹiˈɑːl / in Canadian English , / mɔ̃ʀeal / in International French , and "" IPA : / mɒ̃ɾeal / "" in some varieties of Quebec French ) is the second largest city in Canada and the largest city in the province of Quebec . eos
is the largest French speaking city in the Western Hemisphere , and Montreal is the French language hub outside of France . At the 2001 Canadian Census , 1,588,590 people lived on the current territory of Montreal ( new 2006 demerged territory / the island of Montreal is about 1,900,000 ) . The population of the Montreal Census Metropolitan Area ( also known as Greater Montreal Area ) is estimated at 3,720,000 in 2006 . eos
is the French language hub outside of France . At the 2001 Canadian Census , 1,588,590 people lived on the current territory of Montreal ( new 2006 demerged territory / the island of Montreal is about 1,900,000 ) . The population of the Montreal Census Metropolitan Area ( also known as Greater Montreal Area ) is estimated at 3,720,000 in 2006 . eos
( new 2006 demerged territory / the island of Montreal is about 1,900,000 ) . The population of the Montreal Census Metropolitan Area ( also known as Greater Montreal Area ) is estimated at 3,720,000 in 2006 . Montreal is ranked as the 15th - largest metropolitan area in Northern America and 77th in the world . eos
is ranked as the 15th - largest metropolitan area in Northern America and 77th in the world . In 2006 , both Traveler 's Digest and AskMendotcom ranked Montreal as the number one city in the world to live in for Montreal culture , architecture , history and ambience . eos
as the number one city in the world to live in for Montreal culture , architecture , history and ambience . eos
culture , architecture , history and ambience . eos
( "" Russian : Москва́ "" , Moskva , IPA : "" mʌsk ` va "" ) is the capital of Russia and the country 's principal political , economic , financial , educational , and transportation center , located on the Moskva River in the Central Federal District , located in the European part of Russia . Moscow population of 10.4 million permanent inhabitants within the city boundaries constitutes about 7 % of the total Russian population . eos
population of 10.4 million permanent inhabitants within the city boundaries constitutes about 7 % of the total Russian population . Likewise , Moscow is the most populous city in Europe . Historically , Moscow position was central in the Russian homeland . eos
is the most populous city in Europe . Historically , Moscow position was central in the Russian homeland . Moscow was the capital of the former Soviet Union and Muscovite Russia , the pre - Imperial Russian state . eos
position was central in the Russian homeland . Moscow was the capital of the former Soviet Union and Muscovite Russia , the pre - Imperial Russian state . Moscow is the site of the famous Kremlin , which now serves as the ceremonial residence of the President . eos
was the capital of the former Soviet Union and Muscovite Russia , the pre - Imperial Russian state . Moscow is the site of the famous Kremlin , which now serves as the ceremonial residence of the President . Moscow architecture and performing arts culture are world - renowned . eos
is the site of the famous Kremlin , which now serves as the ceremonial residence of the President . Moscow architecture and performing arts culture are world - renowned . Moscow is also well known as the site of Saint Basil 's Cathedral , with its elegant onion domes , as well as the Cathedral of Christ the Savior . eos
architecture and performing arts culture are world - renowned . Moscow is also well known as the site of Saint Basil 's Cathedral , with its elegant onion domes , as well as the Cathedral of Christ the Savior . The Patriarch of Moscow , whose residence is the Danilov Monastery , serves as the head of the Russian Orthodox Church . eos
is also well known as the site of Saint Basil 's Cathedral , with its elegant onion domes , as well as the Cathedral of Christ the Savior . The Patriarch of Moscow , whose residence is the Danilov Monastery , serves as the head of the Russian Orthodox Church . Moscow also remains a major economic center and Moscow is home to a large number of billionaires ; Moscow is perennially considered one of the most expensive cities for expatriate employees in the world . eos
is home to a large number of billionaires ; Moscow is perennially considered one of the most expensive cities for expatriate employees in the world . Moscow is home to many scientific and educational institutions , as well as numerous sport facilities . Moscow possesses a complex transport system that includes the world 's busiest metro system , which is famous for its architecture . eos
is perennially considered one of the most expensive cities for expatriate employees in the world . Moscow is home to many scientific and educational institutions , as well as numerous sport facilities . Moscow possesses a complex transport system that includes the world 's busiest metro system , which is famous for its architecture . eos
also remains a major economic center and Moscow is home to a large number of billionaires ; Moscow is perennially considered one of the most expensive cities for expatriate employees in the world . Moscow is home to many scientific and educational institutions , as well as numerous sport facilities . Moscow possesses a complex transport system that includes the world 's busiest metro system , which is famous for its architecture . eos
is home to many scientific and educational institutions , as well as numerous sport facilities . Moscow possesses a complex transport system that includes the world 's busiest metro system , which is famous for its architecture . Moscow also became the host of the 1980 Summer Olympics . eos
possesses a complex transport system that includes the world 's busiest metro system , which is famous for its architecture . Moscow also became the host of the 1980 Summer Olympics . eos
also became the host of the 1980 Summer Olympics . eos
( Urdu : ملتان ) is a city in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , and capital of Multan District . Multan is located in the southern part of the province , and Multan is steeped in history . Multan has a population of over 3.8 million ( according to 1998 census ) , making Multan the sixth largest city in Pakistan . eos
is located in the southern part of the province , and Multan is steeped in history . Multan has a population of over 3.8 million ( according to 1998 census ) , making Multan the sixth largest city in Pakistan . Multan is built just east of the Chenab River , more or less in the geographic center of the country , and about 966 km from Karachi . eos
is steeped in history . Multan has a population of over 3.8 million ( according to 1998 census ) , making Multan the sixth largest city in Pakistan . Multan is built just east of the Chenab River , more or less in the geographic center of the country , and about 966 km from Karachi . eos
has a population of over 3.8 million ( according to 1998 census ) , making Multan the sixth largest city in Pakistan . Multan is built just east of the Chenab River , more or less in the geographic center of the country , and about 966 km from Karachi . Multan is known as the ` City of Pirs and Shrines ' , and Multan is a prosperous city of bazaars , mosques , shrines and superbly designed tombs . eos
the sixth largest city in Pakistan . Multan is built just east of the Chenab River , more or less in the geographic center of the country , and about 966 km from Karachi . Multan is known as the ` City of Pirs and Shrines ' , and Multan is a prosperous city of bazaars , mosques , shrines and superbly designed tombs . eos
is built just east of the Chenab River , more or less in the geographic center of the country , and about 966 km from Karachi . Multan is known as the ` City of Pirs and Shrines ' , and Multan is a prosperous city of bazaars , mosques , shrines and superbly designed tombs . The Multan International Airport connects to flights to major cities in Pakistan and to cities in the Persian Gulf . eos
is known as the ` City of Pirs and Shrines ' , and Multan is a prosperous city of bazaars , mosques , shrines and superbly designed tombs . The Multan International Airport connects to flights to major cities in Pakistan and to cities in the Persian Gulf . eos
is a prosperous city of bazaars , mosques , shrines and superbly designed tombs . The Multan International Airport connects to flights to major cities in Pakistan and to cities in the Persian Gulf . eos
( Arabic : مسقط ) is the capital and largest city in the Sultanate of Oman . Muscat_Oman is the largest city in the mintaqah ( governorate ) of Muscat ( sometimes referred to as Masqat to differentiate it from Muscat_Oman ) . Muscat_Oman has a 2005 estimated population of 650,000 . eos
is the largest city in the mintaqah ( governorate ) of Muscat ( sometimes referred to as Masqat to differentiate it from Muscat_Oman ) . Muscat_Oman has a 2005 estimated population of 650,000 . The greater metropolitan area of Muscat_Oman , known locally as the ` Capital Area ' , currently covers an area of approximately 1500 km ² . eos
) . Muscat_Oman has a 2005 estimated population of 650,000 . The greater metropolitan area of Muscat_Oman , known locally as the ` Capital Area ' , currently covers an area of approximately 1500 km ² . eos
has a 2005 estimated population of 650,000 . The greater metropolitan area of Muscat_Oman , known locally as the ` Capital Area ' , currently covers an area of approximately 1500 km ² . Since Oman 's ` Renaissance ' of modernization began in 1970 ( see below ) , Muscat_Oman has seen an explosion of infrastructure development and urbanization , and , as has been the case in so many other cities worldwide , towns which were once distinct have been subsumed within the sprawling growth of Muscat_Oman expanding metropolitan area . eos
, known locally as the ` Capital Area ' , currently covers an area of approximately 1500 km ² . Since Oman 's ` Renaissance ' of modernization began in 1970 ( see below ) , Muscat_Oman has seen an explosion of infrastructure development and urbanization , and , as has been the case in so many other cities worldwide , towns which were once distinct have been subsumed within the sprawling growth of Muscat_Oman expanding metropolitan area . Pockets of dense residential and commercial districts are interspersed with undeveloped land . eos
has seen an explosion of infrastructure development and urbanization , and , as has been the case in so many other cities worldwide , towns which were once distinct have been subsumed within the sprawling growth of Muscat_Oman expanding metropolitan area . Pockets of dense residential and commercial districts are interspersed with undeveloped land . The major centers of development can be split into three main groups : * West Muscat : Al - Seeb , Udhaybah , Bawsher , Al - Ghubbrah and eos
expanding metropolitan area . Pockets of dense residential and commercial districts are interspersed with undeveloped land . The major centers of development can be split into three main groups : * West Muscat : Al - Seeb , Udhaybah , Bawsher , Al - Ghubbrah and eos
presents a relatively homogeneous appearance of low ( rarely more than five story ) , generally white buildings , with residential , government , and commercial architecture frequently recalling , at least by allusion , historic regional styles . For a city at the edge of the Arabian peninsula and in Oman 's sometimes fierce climate , Muscat_Oman is remarkably green , with tree - lined main streets linking the various districts , several sizeable public parks , and grass , shrubs , and flowers decorating many traffic circles and other public areas . The IPA for Muscat is / ' eos
is remarkably green , with tree - lined main streets linking the various districts , several sizeable public parks , and grass , shrubs , and flowers decorating many traffic circles and other public areas . The IPA for Muscat is / ' "" IPA : məs - kəθ "" / . eos
( IPA : "" IPA : "" nˈʤɑmɛnə "" "" , Arabic Niǧāmīnā نجامينا ) , population 721,000 ( 2005 ) , is the capital of Chad , and also by far the country 's biggest city . A port on the Chari River , near to the confluence with the Logone River , NDjamena directly faces the Cameroonian town of Kousséri , by which NDjamena is connected by a bridge . eos
directly faces the Cameroonian town of Kousséri , by which NDjamena is connected by a bridge . NDjamena is also a special statute region , divided in 10 arondissements . NDjamena is a regional market for livestock , salt , dates , and grains . eos
is connected by a bridge . NDjamena is also a special statute region , divided in 10 arondissements . NDjamena is a regional market for livestock , salt , dates , and grains . eos
is also a special statute region , divided in 10 arondissements . NDjamena is a regional market for livestock , salt , dates , and grains . Meat processing is the chief industry . eos
is a regional market for livestock , salt , dates , and grains . Meat processing is the chief industry . eos
pronunciation ( ` Marathi : ' ` नागपुर ' ) is the largest city in central India and the third largest city in the western state of Maharashtra after Mumbai and Pune . With a population of 2.1 million ( 2001 Census ) , Nagpur was the nation 's 13th largest urban conglomeration in 2001 and the foremost city in Maharashtra 's eastern Vidarbha region , in addition to being the state 's Winter Capital and the headquarters of Nagpur District and Nagpur Division administrations . On a global scale , Nagpur is estimated to be the 114th largest city and 143rd largest urban area in the world in 2006 in terms of population . eos
was the nation 's 13th largest urban conglomeration in 2001 and the foremost city in Maharashtra 's eastern Vidarbha region , in addition to being the state 's Winter Capital and the headquarters of Nagpur District and Nagpur Division administrations . On a global scale , Nagpur is estimated to be the 114th largest city and 143rd largest urban area in the world in 2006 in terms of population . Nagpur is also important geographically as Nagpur lies practically at the centre of India with the country 's geographical centre ( Zero Mile ) being situated here . eos
is estimated to be the 114th largest city and 143rd largest urban area in the world in 2006 in terms of population . Nagpur is also important geographically as Nagpur lies practically at the centre of India with the country 's geographical centre ( Zero Mile ) being situated here . Nagpur is also famous throughout India as a trade centre for high - quality oranges grown in the region and hence Nagpur is also known as Santra Nagari ( Hindi and Marathi for ` Orange City ' ) . eos
is also important geographically as Nagpur lies practically at the centre of India with the country 's geographical centre ( Zero Mile ) being situated here . Nagpur is also famous throughout India as a trade centre for high - quality oranges grown in the region and hence Nagpur is also known as Santra Nagari ( Hindi and Marathi for ` Orange City ' ) . Recently , Nagpur celebrated 300 years of Nagpur establishment . eos
lies practically at the centre of India with the country 's geographical centre ( Zero Mile ) being situated here . Nagpur is also famous throughout India as a trade centre for high - quality oranges grown in the region and hence Nagpur is also known as Santra Nagari ( Hindi and Marathi for ` Orange City ' ) . Recently , Nagpur celebrated 300 years of Nagpur establishment . eos
is also famous throughout India as a trade centre for high - quality oranges grown in the region and hence Nagpur is also known as Santra Nagari ( Hindi and Marathi for ` Orange City ' ) . Recently , Nagpur celebrated 300 years of Nagpur establishment . eos
is also known as Santra Nagari ( Hindi and Marathi for ` Orange City ' ) . Recently , Nagpur celebrated 300 years of Nagpur establishment . eos
celebrated 300 years of Nagpur establishment . eos
establishment . eos
( also spelt Nay Pyi Taw ) is the national capital of Myanmar , located in Pyinmana Township of Mandalay Division . The administrative capital of Myanmar was officially moved to a militarised greenfield site two miles west of Pyinmana on 6 november 2005 . Naypyidaw is approximately 320 kilometres north of Yangon . eos
is approximately 320 kilometres north of Yangon . Naypyidaw official name was revealed on Armed Forces Day in march 2006 . eos
official name was revealed on Armed Forces Day in march 2006 . eos
, known locally as Lefkosia ( Greek : Λευκωσία , also colloquially Khora , Χώρα or Turkish : Lefkoşa ) is the capital and largest city of Cyprus . Nicosia is located at 35 ° 10 ' north , 33 ° 21 ' east ( 35.1667 , 33.35 ) . eos
is located at 35 ° 10 ' north , 33 ° 21 ' east ( 35.1667 , 33.35 ) . Located on the Pedieos river and situated roughly in the centre of the island , Nicosia is the seat of government as well as the main business centre . Nicosia is the center and capital of an administrative district ( Nicosia District ) , and after the fall of the Berlin Wall , Nicosia is currently the only divided capital city in the world , with the northern ( Turkish ) and southern ( Greek ) portions divided by the ` ` Green Line '' , a demilitarized zone maintained by the United Nations , although unlike Cold War East and West Berlin , few use the terms ` ` North Nicosia '' and ` ` South Nicosia '' . eos
is the seat of government as well as the main business centre . Nicosia is the center and capital of an administrative district ( Nicosia District ) , and after the fall of the Berlin Wall , Nicosia is currently the only divided capital city in the world , with the northern ( Turkish ) and southern ( Greek ) portions divided by the ` ` Green Line '' , a demilitarized zone maintained by the United Nations , although unlike Cold War East and West Berlin , few use the terms ` ` North Nicosia '' and ` ` South Nicosia '' . The 1974 Turkish invasion and occupation of 36 percent of the island 's territory literally cut Nicosia in half . eos
is the center and capital of an administrative district ( Nicosia District ) , and after the fall of the Berlin Wall , Nicosia is currently the only divided capital city in the world , with the northern ( Turkish ) and southern ( Greek ) portions divided by the ` ` Green Line '' , a demilitarized zone maintained by the United Nations , although unlike Cold War East and West Berlin , few use the terms ` ` North Nicosia '' and ` ` South Nicosia '' . The 1974 Turkish invasion and occupation of 36 percent of the island 's territory literally cut Nicosia in half . The Turkish Cypriots use Nicosia as the capital of the area known as the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus , which is a state not recognized by any country in the world , except Turkey . eos
is currently the only divided capital city in the world , with the northern ( Turkish ) and southern ( Greek ) portions divided by the ` ` Green Line '' , a demilitarized zone maintained by the United Nations , although unlike Cold War East and West Berlin , few use the terms ` ` North Nicosia '' and ` ` South Nicosia '' . The 1974 Turkish invasion and occupation of 36 percent of the island 's territory literally cut Nicosia in half . The Turkish Cypriots use Nicosia as the capital of the area known as the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus , which is a state not recognized by any country in the world , except Turkey . eos
in half . The Turkish Cypriots use Nicosia as the capital of the area known as the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus , which is a state not recognized by any country in the world , except Turkey . The population of the part of Nicosia under the control of the Republic of Cyprus is 206,200 ( end of 2001 ) . eos
as the capital of the area known as the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus , which is a state not recognized by any country in the world , except Turkey . The population of the part of Nicosia under the control of the Republic of Cyprus is 206,200 ( end of 2001 ) . Nicosia is a modern , dynamic capital with lots of shops , restaurants and entertainment . eos
under the control of the Republic of Cyprus is 206,200 ( end of 2001 ) . Nicosia is a modern , dynamic capital with lots of shops , restaurants and entertainment . Nicosia is a trade center and manufactures textiles , leather , pottery , plastic , and other products . eos
is a modern , dynamic capital with lots of shops , restaurants and entertainment . Nicosia is a trade center and manufactures textiles , leather , pottery , plastic , and other products . Copper mines are nearby . eos
is a trade center and manufactures textiles , leather , pottery , plastic , and other products . Copper mines are nearby . Nicosia is the seat of the University of Cyprus ( UCY ) and of all the colleges and institutes of Republic of Cyprus . eos
is the seat of the University of Cyprus ( UCY ) and of all the colleges and institutes of Republic of Cyprus . eos
( Arabic : نواكشوط or انواكشوط "" alleged translation from berberic ` ` The place of the winds '' "" Nawākšūṭ ) is the capital and by far the largest city of Mauritania , and Nouakchott is Sahara 's largest city if one excludes marginal cases like Cairo ( in the Nile River Delta ) and the cities north of the Atlas Mountains on Africa 's northern coast . Nouakchott is the administrative and economic centre of Mauritania . eos
is Sahara 's largest city if one excludes marginal cases like Cairo ( in the Nile River Delta ) and the cities north of the Atlas Mountains on Africa 's northern coast . Nouakchott is the administrative and economic centre of Mauritania . eos
is the administrative and economic centre of Mauritania . eos
or Omdur ( Standard Arabic Umm Durmān أم درمان ) is the largest city in Sudan , lying on the western banks of the river Nile , opposite the capital , Khartoum . Omdurman has a population of over 1.2 million ( 1993 ) and Omdurman is the largest city in the country and the national center of commerce . eos
has a population of over 1.2 million ( 1993 ) and Omdurman is the largest city in the country and the national center of commerce . With Khartoum and Khartoum North or Bahri , Omdurman forms the cultural and industrial heart of the nation . eos
is the largest city in the country and the national center of commerce . With Khartoum and Khartoum North or Bahri , Omdurman forms the cultural and industrial heart of the nation . eos
forms the cultural and industrial heart of the nation . eos
( Spanish : Ciudad de Panamá ) , population 708,738 , with a total metro population of 1,063,000 is the capital of Panama , located at the Pacific entrance of the Panama Canal , at 8 ° 58 ` N , 79 ° 32 ` W. Panama_City is the political , administrative and cultural center of the country . Juan Carlos Navarro is the current mayor of Panama_City . eos
is the political , administrative and cultural center of the country . Juan Carlos Navarro is the current mayor of Panama_City . eos
. eos
( nicknamed Par ` bo ) is the capital of Suriname , located in the Paramaribo district , with a population of roughly 250,000 people . Paramaribo lies on the Suriname River , approximately 15 km inland from the Atlantic Ocean . Paramaribo is located at 5 ° 52 ' North , 55 ° 10 ' West ( 5.83 N 55.17 W ) , and Paramaribo time zone is UTC-3 except during daylight savings time . eos
lies on the Suriname River , approximately 15 km inland from the Atlantic Ocean . Paramaribo is located at 5 ° 52 ' North , 55 ° 10 ' West ( 5.83 N 55.17 W ) , and Paramaribo time zone is UTC-3 except during daylight savings time . eos
is located at 5 ° 52 ' North , 55 ° 10 ' West ( 5.83 N 55.17 W ) , and Paramaribo time zone is UTC-3 except during daylight savings time . eos
time zone is UTC-3 except during daylight savings time . eos
is the capital city of France and a French département ( 75 ) . Situated on the banks of the river Seine in north - central France , Paris is also the capital of the Île - de - France région ( also known as ` ` Paris Region '' ) , which encompasses Paris and Paris suburbs . Paris had an estimated mid-2004 population of 2,144,700 . eos
is also the capital of the Île - de - France région ( also known as ` ` Paris Region '' ) , which encompasses Paris and Paris suburbs . Paris had an estimated mid-2004 population of 2,144,700 . The Paris urban area , extending well beyond the city boundaries , has today an estimated population of 9.93 million . eos
and Paris suburbs . Paris had an estimated mid-2004 population of 2,144,700 . The Paris urban area , extending well beyond the city boundaries , has today an estimated population of 9.93 million . eos
suburbs . Paris had an estimated mid-2004 population of 2,144,700 . The Paris urban area , extending well beyond the city boundaries , has today an estimated population of 9.93 million . eos
had an estimated mid-2004 population of 2,144,700 . The Paris urban area , extending well beyond the city boundaries , has today an estimated population of 9.93 million . The Paris metropolitan area ( including satellite towns ) stood at 11.5 million in 1999 and is one of the most populated metropolitan areas in Europe . eos
is a leading global cultural , business and political centre and Paris has a major international influence in fashion , gastronomy and the arts . Paris is widely regarded as one of the world 's major global cities , with the headquarters of international organisations such as UNESCO , the OECD , the ICC , or the informal Paris Club . Paris , Paris is renowned for Paris defining neo - classical architecture , hosts many museums and galleries and Paris has an active nightlife . eos
has a major international influence in fashion , gastronomy and the arts . Paris is widely regarded as one of the world 's major global cities , with the headquarters of international organisations such as UNESCO , the OECD , the ICC , or the informal Paris Club . Paris , Paris is renowned for Paris defining neo - classical architecture , hosts many museums and galleries and Paris has an active nightlife . eos
is widely regarded as one of the world 's major global cities , with the headquarters of international organisations such as UNESCO , the OECD , the ICC , or the informal Paris Club . Paris , Paris is renowned for Paris defining neo - classical architecture , hosts many museums and galleries and Paris has an active nightlife . The most recognisable symbol of Paris is the 324 metre ( 1,063 ft ) Eiffel Tower on the banks of the Seine . eos
is renowned for Paris defining neo - classical architecture , hosts many museums and galleries and Paris has an active nightlife . The most recognisable symbol of Paris is the 324 metre ( 1,063 ft ) Eiffel Tower on the banks of the Seine . Dubbed ` ` the City of Light '' eos
defining neo - classical architecture , hosts many museums and galleries and Paris has an active nightlife . The most recognisable symbol of Paris is the 324 metre ( 1,063 ft ) Eiffel Tower on the banks of the Seine . Dubbed ` ` the City of Light '' eos
has an active nightlife . The most recognisable symbol of Paris is the 324 metre ( 1,063 ft ) Eiffel Tower on the banks of the Seine . Dubbed ` ` the City of Light '' eos
, Paris is renowned for Paris defining neo - classical architecture , hosts many museums and galleries and Paris has an active nightlife . The most recognisable symbol of Paris is the 324 metre ( 1,063 ft ) Eiffel Tower on the banks of the Seine . Dubbed ` ` the City of Light '' eos
is the 324 metre ( 1,063 ft ) Eiffel Tower on the banks of the Seine . Dubbed ` ` the City of Light '' ( la Ville Lumière ) since the 19th century , Paris is regarded by some as one of the most romantic cities in the world . eos
is regarded by some as one of the most romantic cities in the world . Paris is also the most visited city in the world , with more than 30 million visitors per year . eos
is also the most visited city in the world , with more than 30 million visitors per year . eos
is the capital of the Australian state of Western Australia . A population of 1,477,800 ( june 2005 ) makes Perth_Western_Australia the largest city in Western Australia and home to three - quarters of the state 's residents . Perth_Western_Australia is also the fourth most populous urban area in Australia . eos
the largest city in Western Australia and home to three - quarters of the state 's residents . Perth_Western_Australia is also the fourth most populous urban area in Australia . The metropolitan area is located in the south west of the continent between the Indian Ocean and a low coastal escarpment known as the Darling Range . eos
is also the fourth most populous urban area in Australia . The metropolitan area is located in the south west of the continent between the Indian Ocean and a low coastal escarpment known as the Darling Range . The central business district and suburbs of Perth_Western_Australia are situated on the Swan River . eos
are situated on the Swan River . eos
is known as Pai - khawar in Pashto . Peshawar is the provincial capital of Pakistan 's North - West Frontier Province . Located on the edge of the Khyber Pass , Peshawar is the commercial , economic , political and cultural capital of the Pakistani frontier and , particularly , of the Pashtuns . eos
is the provincial capital of Pakistan 's North - West Frontier Province . Located on the edge of the Khyber Pass , Peshawar is the commercial , economic , political and cultural capital of the Pakistani frontier and , particularly , of the Pashtuns . In ancient times Peshawar was known as Purushapura when Peshawar was officially founded by the Kushans . eos
is the commercial , economic , political and cultural capital of the Pakistani frontier and , particularly , of the Pashtuns . In ancient times Peshawar was known as Purushapura when Peshawar was officially founded by the Kushans . For much of Peshawar history , Peshawar was one of the main trading centers on the ancient Silk Road and Peshawar eos
was known as Purushapura when Peshawar was officially founded by the Kushans . For much of Peshawar history , Peshawar was one of the main trading centers on the ancient Silk Road and Peshawar was a major crossroads for various cultures between the subcontinent and Central Asia . eos
was officially founded by the Kushans . For much of Peshawar history , Peshawar was one of the main trading centers on the ancient Silk Road and Peshawar was a major crossroads for various cultures between the subcontinent and Central Asia . eos
history , Peshawar was one of the main trading centers on the ancient Silk Road and Peshawar was a major crossroads for various cultures between the subcontinent and Central Asia . eos
was one of the main trading centers on the ancient Silk Road and Peshawar was a major crossroads for various cultures between the subcontinent and Central Asia . eos
was a major crossroads for various cultures between the subcontinent and Central Asia . eos
( Khmer : ភ ន ពេញ ; official Romanization : Phnum Pénh ; IPA : "" IPA : "" pʰnum peːɲ "" "" ) is the largest , most populous and capital city of Cambodia . eos
is also the capital of the Phnom Penh municipality . Once known as the Pearl of Asia in the 1920s , Phnom Penh , along with Siem Reap , is a significant global and domestic tourist destination for Cambodia . Phnom_Penh is known for Phnom_Penh traditional Khmer and French influenced architecture . eos
is known for Phnom_Penh traditional Khmer and French influenced architecture . Phnom_Penh is also the commercial , political and cultural hub of Cambodia and Phnom_Penh is home to more than 1 million of Cambodia 's population of 13.8 million . eos
traditional Khmer and French influenced architecture . Phnom_Penh is also the commercial , political and cultural hub of Cambodia and Phnom_Penh is home to more than 1 million of Cambodia 's population of 13.8 million . eos
is also the commercial , political and cultural hub of Cambodia and Phnom_Penh is home to more than 1 million of Cambodia 's population of 13.8 million . eos
is home to more than 1 million of Cambodia 's population of 13.8 million . eos
( Serbian Cyrillic : Подгорица , "" IPA : ˈpɔdgɔˌriʦa "" ) is the capital and largest city of Republic of Montenegro . Podgorica is located at 42 ° 28 ' 12N , 19 ° 16 ' 48E , 44 m above sea level . A census in 2003 put Podgorica population at 136,473 . eos
is located at 42 ° 28 ' 12N , 19 ° 16 ' 48E , 44 m above sea level . A census in 2003 put Podgorica population at 136,473 . The favorable geographical position of Podgorica , at the confluence of the Ribnica and Morača rivers , on the meeting point of fertile Zeta plain and Bjelopavlići Valley has made Podgorica an attractive location for settlement . eos
population at 136,473 . The favorable geographical position of Podgorica , at the confluence of the Ribnica and Morača rivers , on the meeting point of fertile Zeta plain and Bjelopavlići Valley has made Podgorica an attractive location for settlement . Podgorica is situated only a few tens of kilometers from both winter ski centers in the north and seaside resorts on Adriatic Sea . eos
, at the confluence of the Ribnica and Morača rivers , on the meeting point of fertile Zeta plain and Bjelopavlići Valley has made Podgorica an attractive location for settlement . Podgorica is situated only a few tens of kilometers from both winter ski centers in the north and seaside resorts on Adriatic Sea . The municipality of Podgorica accounts for 10.4 % of Montenegro 's territory and 27.3 % of its population . eos
an attractive location for settlement . Podgorica is situated only a few tens of kilometers from both winter ski centers in the north and seaside resorts on Adriatic Sea . The municipality of Podgorica accounts for 10.4 % of Montenegro 's territory and 27.3 % of its population . eos
is situated only a few tens of kilometers from both winter ski centers in the north and seaside resorts on Adriatic Sea . The municipality of Podgorica accounts for 10.4 % of Montenegro 's territory and 27.3 % of its population . Besides being an administrative center of Montenegro , Podgorica is also its economic , cultural and educational focal point . eos
is also its economic , cultural and educational focal point . eos
, ( 9 ° 30 'S , 147 ° 12 ` E ) , population 255,000 ( 2000 ) , is the capital of Papua New Guinea . Port_Moresby is located on the shores of the Gulf of Papua , on the southeastern coast of the island of New Guinea . The area on which Port_Moresby was founded was first sighted by a European in 1873 by Captain John Moresby . eos
is located on the shores of the Gulf of Papua , on the southeastern coast of the island of New Guinea . The area on which Port_Moresby was founded was first sighted by a European in 1873 by Captain John Moresby . Port_Moresby was named in honour of his father Admiral Sir Fairfax Moresby . eos
was founded was first sighted by a European in 1873 by Captain John Moresby . Port_Moresby was named in honour of his father Admiral Sir Fairfax Moresby . eos
was named in honour of his father Admiral Sir Fairfax Moresby . eos
( also known as Hogbonou and Adjacé ( population 223,552 as of a 2002 census ) is the official capital of the West African nation of Benin . Porto-Novo is a port on an inlet of the Gulf of Guinea , in the southeastern portion of the country . Porto-Novo is Benin 's second largest city , but the city of Cotonou is more important , culturally and politically . eos
is a port on an inlet of the Gulf of Guinea , in the southeastern portion of the country . Porto-Novo is Benin 's second largest city , but the city of Cotonou is more important , culturally and politically . The region around Porto-Novo produces palm oil , cotton and kapok . eos
is Benin 's second largest city , but the city of Cotonou is more important , culturally and politically . The region around Porto-Novo produces palm oil , cotton and kapok . Petroleum was discovered off the coast of Porto-Novo in the 1990s , and has become an important export . eos
produces palm oil , cotton and kapok . Petroleum was discovered off the coast of Porto-Novo in the 1990s , and has become an important export . Porto-Novo is located at 6 ° 28 ' North , 2 ° 36 ' East ( 6.46667 , 2.6 ) . eos
in the 1990s , and has become an important export . Porto-Novo is located at 6 ° 28 ' North , 2 ° 36 ' East ( 6.46667 , 2.6 ) . eos
is located at 6 ° 28 ' North , 2 ° 36 ' East ( 6.46667 , 2.6 ) . eos
( Czech : Praha ( IPA : "" IPA : "" ˈpraɦa "" "" ) , see also other names ) is the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic . eos
is home to approximately 1.2 million people . ( It can be derived from jobs statistics , however , that an additional 300,000 work there without having registered as residents . ) Nicknames for Prague have included ` ` city of a hundred spires '' and ` ` the golden city '' . eos
have included ` ` city of a hundred spires '' and ` ` the golden city '' . Since 1992 , the historic center of Prague has been included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites . According to Guinness World Records , Prague Castle is the largest ancient castle in the world . eos
has been included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites . According to Guinness World Records , Prague Castle is the largest ancient castle in the world . eos
( Portuguese for ` ` beach '' ) , population 113,664 ( 2005 ) , is the capital of Cape Verde , an island nation in the Atlantic Ocean west of Senegal . Praia is also the largest city in Cape Verde after Mindelo and municipally Santa Catarina . Praia lies on Santiago island in the Sotavento archipelago . eos
is also the largest city in Cape Verde after Mindelo and municipally Santa Catarina . Praia lies on Santiago island in the Sotavento archipelago . Praia is the island 's ferry port and Praia is home to one of the nation 's two international airports . eos
lies on Santiago island in the Sotavento archipelago . Praia is the island 's ferry port and Praia is home to one of the nation 's two international airports . The city centre is known as Platô due to its location on a small plateau . eos
is the island 's ferry port and Praia is home to one of the nation 's two international airports . The city centre is known as Platô due to its location on a small plateau . Praia is located at 14 ° 55 ' North , 23 ° 31 ' West ( 14.91667 , -23.51667 ) . eos
is home to one of the nation 's two international airports . The city centre is known as Platô due to its location on a small plateau . Praia is located at 14 ° 55 ' North , 23 ° 31 ' West ( 14.91667 , -23.51667 ) . eos
is located at 14 ° 55 ' North , 23 ° 31 ' West ( 14.91667 , -23.51667 ) . Praia is Cape Verde 's largest city , and a commercial center and a port that ships coffee , sugar cane , and tropical fruits . Praia also has a fishing industry . eos
is Cape Verde 's largest city , and a commercial center and a port that ships coffee , sugar cane , and tropical fruits . Praia also has a fishing industry . There are resort beaches nearby . eos
also has a fishing industry . There are resort beaches nearby . A variant of Capeverdean Crioulo spoken in Praia is known as Crioulo de Santiago or Bádiu . eos
is known as Crioulo de Santiago or Bádiu . eos
is a city located in the northern part of Gauteng Province , South Africa . Pretoria is one of the country 's three capital cities , serving as the executive ( administrative ) capital ; the other two being Cape Town and Bloemfontein , respectively the legislative and judicial capitals . Pretoria is contained in the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality as one of several constituent former administrations ( among which also Centurion and Soshanguve ) , and therefore sometimes incorrectly referred to as Tshwane - this contentious issue is still being decided as of january 2006 ; see the discussion further down in this article . eos
is one of the country 's three capital cities , serving as the executive ( administrative ) capital ; the other two being Cape Town and Bloemfontein , respectively the legislative and judicial capitals . Pretoria is contained in the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality as one of several constituent former administrations ( among which also Centurion and Soshanguve ) , and therefore sometimes incorrectly referred to as Tshwane - this contentious issue is still being decided as of january 2006 ; see the discussion further down in this article . Pretoria is town twinned with Washington , DC , United States . eos
is contained in the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality as one of several constituent former administrations ( among which also Centurion and Soshanguve ) , and therefore sometimes incorrectly referred to as Tshwane - this contentious issue is still being decided as of january 2006 ; see the discussion further down in this article . Pretoria is town twinned with Washington , DC , United States . eos
is town twinned with Washington , DC , United States . eos
( "" IPA : pʊɳe "" , Marathi : पुणे ) is a city located in the western Indian state of Maharashtra . Pune is the capital of Pune District in which Pune is located . eos
is the capital of Pune District in which Pune is located . Pune is the 7th largest city in India with a population of 4.5 million , and the second largest in the state of Maharashtra . Pune is located roughly 120 kilometres east of Mumbai at an altitude of 560 metres above sea level . eos
is located . Pune is the 7th largest city in India with a population of 4.5 million , and the second largest in the state of Maharashtra . Pune is located roughly 120 kilometres east of Mumbai at an altitude of 560 metres above sea level . eos
is the 7th largest city in India with a population of 4.5 million , and the second largest in the state of Maharashtra . Pune is located roughly 120 kilometres east of Mumbai at an altitude of 560 metres above sea level . Pune is situated at the eastern edge of the Western ghats on the Deccan plateau . eos
is located roughly 120 kilometres east of Mumbai at an altitude of 560 metres above sea level . Pune is situated at the eastern edge of the Western ghats on the Deccan plateau . Pune has a reputation for Pune several esteemed colleges and educational institutions , a reason why Pune is called ` Oxford of the East ' ( or ` Oxford of India ' ) . eos
is situated at the eastern edge of the Western ghats on the Deccan plateau . Pune has a reputation for Pune several esteemed colleges and educational institutions , a reason why Pune is called ` Oxford of the East ' ( or ` Oxford of India ' ) . Pune is also home to many software and IT companies . eos
has a reputation for Pune several esteemed colleges and educational institutions , a reason why Pune is called ` Oxford of the East ' ( or ` Oxford of India ' ) . Pune is also home to many software and IT companies . Pune is widely considered the cultural capital of Marathi - speaking Maharashtrians . eos
several esteemed colleges and educational institutions , a reason why Pune is called ` Oxford of the East ' ( or ` Oxford of India ' ) . Pune is also home to many software and IT companies . Pune is widely considered the cultural capital of Marathi - speaking Maharashtrians . eos
is called ` Oxford of the East ' ( or ` Oxford of India ' ) . Pune is also home to many software and IT companies . Pune is widely considered the cultural capital of Marathi - speaking Maharashtrians . eos
is also home to many software and IT companies . Pune is widely considered the cultural capital of Marathi - speaking Maharashtrians . Although Marathi is the main language of Pune , Pune cosmopolitan population speaks several other languages like English , Hindi , Kannada , Tulu and Gujarati . eos
is widely considered the cultural capital of Marathi - speaking Maharashtrians . Although Marathi is the main language of Pune , Pune cosmopolitan population speaks several other languages like English , Hindi , Kannada , Tulu and Gujarati . eos
, Pune cosmopolitan population speaks several other languages like English , Hindi , Kannada , Tulu and Gujarati . eos
cosmopolitan population speaks several other languages like English , Hindi , Kannada , Tulu and Gujarati . eos
( Filipino : Lungsod Quezon ) is the former capital and the most populous city in the Philippines . Located on the island of Luzon , Quezon_City is one of the cities and municipalities that comprise Metro Manila , the National Capital Region . eos
is one of the cities and municipalities that comprise Metro Manila , the National Capital Region . Quezon_City was named after Manuel L Quezon , the former president of the Commonwealth of the Philippines who founded Quezon_City and developed Quezon_City to replace Manila as the country 's capital . Quezon_City is not located in and should not be confused with Quezon province , which was also named after the president . eos
was named after Manuel L Quezon , the former president of the Commonwealth of the Philippines who founded Quezon_City and developed Quezon_City to replace Manila as the country 's capital . Quezon_City is not located in and should not be confused with Quezon province , which was also named after the president . Being the former capital , many government offices are located in Quezon_City , including the Batasang Pambansa , the seat of the House of Representatives , which is the lower chamber in the Philippine Congress . eos
and developed Quezon_City to replace Manila as the country 's capital . Quezon_City is not located in and should not be confused with Quezon province , which was also named after the president . Being the former capital , many government offices are located in Quezon_City , including the Batasang Pambansa , the seat of the House of Representatives , which is the lower chamber in the Philippine Congress . eos
to replace Manila as the country 's capital . Quezon_City is not located in and should not be confused with Quezon province , which was also named after the president . Being the former capital , many government offices are located in Quezon_City , including the Batasang Pambansa , the seat of the House of Representatives , which is the lower chamber in the Philippine Congress . eos
is not located in and should not be confused with Quezon province , which was also named after the president . Being the former capital , many government offices are located in Quezon_City , including the Batasang Pambansa , the seat of the House of Representatives , which is the lower chamber in the Philippine Congress . The main campuses of noteworthy Philippine universities such as the Ateneo de Manila University and the University of the Philippines are also located here . eos
, including the Batasang Pambansa , the seat of the House of Representatives , which is the lower chamber in the Philippine Congress . The main campuses of noteworthy Philippine universities such as the Ateneo de Manila University and the University of the Philippines are also located here . Quezon_City is the richest local government unit in the country in terms of current assets , cash in banks , share of internal revenue allotment ( IRA ) , gross income , and gross net income . eos
is the richest local government unit in the country in terms of current assets , cash in banks , share of internal revenue allotment ( IRA ) , gross income , and gross net income . Quezon_City remains the only Philippine city without any debt to banks as Quezon_City operates on a surplus fund of over 2 billion pesos . Quezon_City features many spacious parks , tree - lined boulevards , and lots of commercial areas , popular with shoppers all over the metropolis . eos
operates on a surplus fund of over 2 billion pesos . Quezon_City features many spacious parks , tree - lined boulevards , and lots of commercial areas , popular with shoppers all over the metropolis . Most of Quezon_City is composed of residential areas . eos
remains the only Philippine city without any debt to banks as Quezon_City operates on a surplus fund of over 2 billion pesos . Quezon_City features many spacious parks , tree - lined boulevards , and lots of commercial areas , popular with shoppers all over the metropolis . Most of Quezon_City is composed of residential areas . eos
features many spacious parks , tree - lined boulevards , and lots of commercial areas , popular with shoppers all over the metropolis . Most of Quezon_City is composed of residential areas . Quezon_City is also the major entertainment capital of the Philippines , as many Filipino TV Shows , music , and movies are produced here . eos
is composed of residential areas . Quezon_City is also the major entertainment capital of the Philippines , as many Filipino TV Shows , music , and movies are produced here . The major TV networks in the Philippines have their main stations in Quezon_City . eos
is also the major entertainment capital of the Philippines , as many Filipino TV Shows , music , and movies are produced here . The major TV networks in the Philippines have their main stations in Quezon_City . In 1984 , The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints built the scenic Manila Philippines Temple here because of the large number of members in the region . eos
. In 1984 , The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints built the scenic Manila Philippines Temple here because of the large number of members in the region . The Iglesia ni Cristo installed in Quezon_City their headquarters on Commonwealth Avenue , New Era barangay : center of operations as well as a large temple and the New Era University . eos
their headquarters on Commonwealth Avenue , New Era barangay : center of operations as well as a large temple and the New Era University . eos
( official name : San Francisco de Quito ) is the capital city of Ecuador in northwestern South America . Quito is located in northern Ecuador ( see map ) in the Guayllabamba river basin on the eastern slopes of the Pichincha ( 15,728 ft ; 4,794 m ) , an active stratovolcano in the Andes mountains . Quito elevation is 9,300 ft ( 2,850 m ) above sea level ( measured at the Plaza de la Independencia ) , making Quito the second highest capital city in the world . eos
is located in northern Ecuador ( see map ) in the Guayllabamba river basin on the eastern slopes of the Pichincha ( 15,728 ft ; 4,794 m ) , an active stratovolcano in the Andes mountains . Quito elevation is 9,300 ft ( 2,850 m ) above sea level ( measured at the Plaza de la Independencia ) , making Quito the second highest capital city in the world . Quito population according to the most recent census ( 2001 ) was 1,399,378 . eos
elevation is 9,300 ft ( 2,850 m ) above sea level ( measured at the Plaza de la Independencia ) , making Quito the second highest capital city in the world . Quito population according to the most recent census ( 2001 ) was 1,399,378 . In 2005 , however , the estimated population was 1,865,541 ( canton ) . eos
the second highest capital city in the world . Quito population according to the most recent census ( 2001 ) was 1,399,378 . In 2005 , however , the estimated population was 1,865,541 ( canton ) . eos
population according to the most recent census ( 2001 ) was 1,399,378 . In 2005 , however , the estimated population was 1,865,541 ( canton ) . The area of Quito is approximately 112 square miles ( 290 km ² ) . eos
is approximately 112 square miles ( 290 km ² ) . There is some confusion about Quito position as the second highest ( elevation ) capital in the world , but La Paz , Bolivia , which is where the Bolivian government functions , is the governmental capital of Bolivia . Sucre is the legal capital of Bolivia . eos
position as the second highest ( elevation ) capital in the world , but La Paz , Bolivia , which is where the Bolivian government functions , is the governmental capital of Bolivia . Sucre is the legal capital of Bolivia . Quito is located about 15 miles ( 25 km ) south of the equator . eos
is located about 15 miles ( 25 km ) south of the equator . A monument marking the equator is known locally as la mitad del mundo ( the middle of the world ) . Due to Quito altitude and location , the climate in Quito is mild to cool , fairly constant all year round , with a high temperature typically around 67 degrees Fahrenheit ( 20 ° C ) on any given day , and a low around 49 degrees Fahrenheit ( 10 ° C ) at night . eos
is mild to cool , fairly constant all year round , with a high temperature typically around 67 degrees Fahrenheit ( 20 ° C ) on any given day , and a low around 49 degrees Fahrenheit ( 10 ° C ) at night . Quito experiences only two seasons : summer ( the dry season ) and winter ( the rainy season ) . Quito is the second most populous city in Ecuador after Guayaquil . eos
altitude and location , the climate in Quito is mild to cool , fairly constant all year round , with a high temperature typically around 67 degrees Fahrenheit ( 20 ° C ) on any given day , and a low around 49 degrees Fahrenheit ( 10 ° C ) at night . Quito experiences only two seasons : summer ( the dry season ) and winter ( the rainy season ) . Quito is the second most populous city in Ecuador after Guayaquil . eos
experiences only two seasons : summer ( the dry season ) and winter ( the rainy season ) . Quito is the second most populous city in Ecuador after Guayaquil . eos
is the second most populous city in Ecuador after Guayaquil . eos
( Arabic الرباط , transliterated ar - Rabāṭ or ar - Ribāṭ ) , population 1.2 million ( 2005 estimate ) , is the capital of the Kingdom of Morocco . Rabat is also the capital of the Rabat - Salé - Zemmour - Zaer region . Rabat is located on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the river Bou Regreg . eos
is also the capital of the Rabat - Salé - Zemmour - Zaer region . Rabat is located on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the river Bou Regreg . On the facing shore of the river lies Salé , Rabat bedroom community . eos
is located on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the river Bou Regreg . On the facing shore of the river lies Salé , Rabat bedroom community . Together the two cities account for a population of 1.3 million . eos
bedroom community . Together the two cities account for a population of 1.3 million . Rabat is located at 34 ° 1 ' 60 '' North , 6 ° 49 ' 60 '' West ( 34.0333 , -6.8333 ) . eos
is located at 34 ° 1 ' 60 '' North , 6 ° 49 ' 60 '' West ( 34.0333 , -6.8333 ) . Unfortunately , silting problems have diminished Rabat role as a port ; however , Rabat and Salé still maintain relatively important textile , food processing and construction industries ; some are from sweatshop labor by major multinational corporations ( see Salé ) . In addition , tourism and the presence of all foreign embassies in Morocco serve to make Rabat the second most important city in the country after the larger and more economically significant Casablanca . eos
role as a port ; however , Rabat and Salé still maintain relatively important textile , food processing and construction industries ; some are from sweatshop labor by major multinational corporations ( see Salé ) . In addition , tourism and the presence of all foreign embassies in Morocco serve to make Rabat the second most important city in the country after the larger and more economically significant Casablanca . eos
and Salé still maintain relatively important textile , food processing and construction industries ; some are from sweatshop labor by major multinational corporations ( see Salé ) . In addition , tourism and the presence of all foreign embassies in Morocco serve to make Rabat the second most important city in the country after the larger and more economically significant Casablanca . eos
the second most important city in the country after the larger and more economically significant Casablanca . eos
( "" IPA : ˈreiːcaˌviːk "" ) is the capital of Iceland , its largest city , and the world 's most northern national capital ( Reykjavik latitude being 64 ° 08 ' N , not far from the Arctic Circle ) . eos
latitude being 64 ° 08 ' N , not far from the Arctic Circle ) . Reykjavik receives only four hours of daylight per day in the depth of winter , and during the summer the nights are almost as bright as the days . eos
receives only four hours of daylight per day in the depth of winter , and during the summer the nights are almost as bright as the days . Reykjavik is the heart of the Greater Reykjavík Area . eos
is the heart of the Greater Reykjavík Area . eos
( Latvian : Rīga , "" Estonian : Riia "" , "" Russian : "" "" "" ) , the capital of Latvia , is situated on the Baltic Sea coast on the mouth of the River Daugava , at 56 ° 58 ` N , 24 ° 8 eos
is the largest city in the Baltic states . The Historic Centre of Riga has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site , and Riga is particularly notable for Riga extensive Art Nouveau ( Jugendstil ) architecture , comparable in significance only with Vienna , Saint Petersburg and Barcelona . eos
has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site , and Riga is particularly notable for Riga extensive Art Nouveau ( Jugendstil ) architecture , comparable in significance only with Vienna , Saint Petersburg and Barcelona . eos
is particularly notable for Riga extensive Art Nouveau ( Jugendstil ) architecture , comparable in significance only with Vienna , Saint Petersburg and Barcelona . eos
extensive Art Nouveau ( Jugendstil ) architecture , comparable in significance only with Vienna , Saint Petersburg and Barcelona . eos
was the capital of Brazil ( 1763 - 1960 ) and of the Portuguese Empire ( 1808 - 1821 ) . Commonly known as just Rio ( particularly in English and by Rio_de_Janeiro inhabitants ) , Rio_de_Janeiro is also nicknamed A Cidade Maravilhosa - ` ` The Marvelous City '' . Rio_de_Janeiro is famous for Rio_de_Janeiro spectacular natural setting , Rio_de_Janeiro Carnival celebrations , samba and other music , hotel - lined tourist beaches , such as Copacabana , Ipanema , and Leblon , pavements decorated with black and cream swirl pattern mosaics , and the easygoing lifestyle of Rio_de_Janeiro inhabitants . eos
inhabitants ) , Rio_de_Janeiro is also nicknamed A Cidade Maravilhosa - ` ` The Marvelous City '' . Rio_de_Janeiro is famous for Rio_de_Janeiro spectacular natural setting , Rio_de_Janeiro Carnival celebrations , samba and other music , hotel - lined tourist beaches , such as Copacabana , Ipanema , and Leblon , pavements decorated with black and cream swirl pattern mosaics , and the easygoing lifestyle of Rio_de_Janeiro inhabitants . Some of the most famous local landmarks in addition to the beaches include the giant statue of Jesus , known as Christ the Redeemer ( ` Cristo Redentor ' ) atop Corcovado mountain ; Sugar Loaf mountain ( Pão de Açúcar ) with its cable car ; the Sambódromo , a giant permanent parade stand used during Carnival ; and Maracanã stadium , one of the world 's largest . eos
is also nicknamed A Cidade Maravilhosa - ` ` The Marvelous City '' . Rio_de_Janeiro is famous for Rio_de_Janeiro spectacular natural setting , Rio_de_Janeiro Carnival celebrations , samba and other music , hotel - lined tourist beaches , such as Copacabana , Ipanema , and Leblon , pavements decorated with black and cream swirl pattern mosaics , and the easygoing lifestyle of Rio_de_Janeiro inhabitants . Some of the most famous local landmarks in addition to the beaches include the giant statue of Jesus , known as Christ the Redeemer ( ` Cristo Redentor ' ) atop Corcovado mountain ; Sugar Loaf mountain ( Pão de Açúcar ) with its cable car ; the Sambódromo , a giant permanent parade stand used during Carnival ; and Maracanã stadium , one of the world 's largest . eos
is famous for Rio_de_Janeiro spectacular natural setting , Rio_de_Janeiro Carnival celebrations , samba and other music , hotel - lined tourist beaches , such as Copacabana , Ipanema , and Leblon , pavements decorated with black and cream swirl pattern mosaics , and the easygoing lifestyle of Rio_de_Janeiro inhabitants . Some of the most famous local landmarks in addition to the beaches include the giant statue of Jesus , known as Christ the Redeemer ( ` Cristo Redentor ' ) atop Corcovado mountain ; Sugar Loaf mountain ( Pão de Açúcar ) with its cable car ; the Sambódromo , a giant permanent parade stand used during Carnival ; and Maracanã stadium , one of the world 's largest . Rio_de_Janeiro also boasts the world 's largest forest inside an urban area , called Floresta da Tijuca , or ` Tijuca Forest ' . eos
spectacular natural setting , Rio_de_Janeiro Carnival celebrations , samba and other music , hotel - lined tourist beaches , such as Copacabana , Ipanema , and Leblon , pavements decorated with black and cream swirl pattern mosaics , and the easygoing lifestyle of Rio_de_Janeiro inhabitants . Some of the most famous local landmarks in addition to the beaches include the giant statue of Jesus , known as Christ the Redeemer ( ` Cristo Redentor ' ) atop Corcovado mountain ; Sugar Loaf mountain ( Pão de Açúcar ) with its cable car ; the Sambódromo , a giant permanent parade stand used during Carnival ; and Maracanã stadium , one of the world 's largest . Rio_de_Janeiro also boasts the world 's largest forest inside an urban area , called Floresta da Tijuca , or ` Tijuca Forest ' . eos
Carnival celebrations , samba and other music , hotel - lined tourist beaches , such as Copacabana , Ipanema , and Leblon , pavements decorated with black and cream swirl pattern mosaics , and the easygoing lifestyle of Rio_de_Janeiro inhabitants . Some of the most famous local landmarks in addition to the beaches include the giant statue of Jesus , known as Christ the Redeemer ( ` Cristo Redentor ' ) atop Corcovado mountain ; Sugar Loaf mountain ( Pão de Açúcar ) with its cable car ; the Sambódromo , a giant permanent parade stand used during Carnival ; and Maracanã stadium , one of the world 's largest . Rio_de_Janeiro also boasts the world 's largest forest inside an urban area , called Floresta da Tijuca , or ` Tijuca Forest ' . eos
inhabitants . Some of the most famous local landmarks in addition to the beaches include the giant statue of Jesus , known as Christ the Redeemer ( ` Cristo Redentor ' ) atop Corcovado mountain ; Sugar Loaf mountain ( Pão de Açúcar ) with its cable car ; the Sambódromo , a giant permanent parade stand used during Carnival ; and Maracanã stadium , one of the world 's largest . Rio_de_Janeiro also boasts the world 's largest forest inside an urban area , called Floresta da Tijuca , or ` Tijuca Forest ' . eos
also boasts the world 's largest forest inside an urban area , called Floresta da Tijuca , or ` Tijuca Forest ' . Rio_de_Janeiro is located at 22 degrees , 54 minutes south latitude , 43 degrees 14 minutes west longitude ( 22 ° 54 'S , 43 ° 14 ` W ) . The population of Rio_de_Janeiro is about 6,094,183 ( 2005 IBGE estimate ) , occupying an area of 1182.3 km ² ( 456.5 mi ² ) . eos
is located at 22 degrees , 54 minutes south latitude , 43 degrees 14 minutes west longitude ( 22 ° 54 'S , 43 ° 14 ` W ) . The population of Rio_de_Janeiro is about 6,094,183 ( 2005 IBGE estimate ) , occupying an area of 1182.3 km ² ( 456.5 mi ² ) . The larger metropolitan area population is estimated at 11 - 12 million . eos
is about 6,094,183 ( 2005 IBGE estimate ) , occupying an area of 1182.3 km ² ( 456.5 mi ² ) . The larger metropolitan area population is estimated at 11 - 12 million . Rio_de_Janeiro is Brazil 's second - largest city after São Paulo and Rio_de_Janeiro was the country 's capital until 1960 , when Brasília took Rio_de_Janeiro place . eos
is Brazil 's second - largest city after São Paulo and Rio_de_Janeiro was the country 's capital until 1960 , when Brasília took Rio_de_Janeiro place . Residents of Rio_de_Janeiro are known as Cariocas . Rio_de_Janeiro current mayor ( 2006 ) is Cesar Maia . eos
was the country 's capital until 1960 , when Brasília took Rio_de_Janeiro place . Residents of Rio_de_Janeiro are known as Cariocas . Rio_de_Janeiro current mayor ( 2006 ) is Cesar Maia . eos
place . Residents of Rio_de_Janeiro are known as Cariocas . Rio_de_Janeiro current mayor ( 2006 ) is Cesar Maia . eos
are known as Cariocas . Rio_de_Janeiro current mayor ( 2006 ) is Cesar Maia . The official song of Rio_de_Janeiro is ` ` Cidade Maravilhosa . '' eos
current mayor ( 2006 ) is Cesar Maia . The official song of Rio_de_Janeiro is ` ` Cidade Maravilhosa . '' eos
is ` ` Cidade Maravilhosa . '' eos
( "" Arabic : الرياض "" ar - Riyāḍ ) is the capital of the kingdom of Saudi Arabia , located in Ar Riyad Province in the Najd region . Riyadh is situated in the centre of the Arabian peninsula on a large plateau and Riyadh is home to over 4,260,000 people ( around 20 % of the nation 's population ) . Riyadh lies in Saudi Arabia 's ` central corridor ' of development along with Buraydah and Al Kharj in the Ar Riyad administrative division . eos
is situated in the centre of the Arabian peninsula on a large plateau and Riyadh is home to over 4,260,000 people ( around 20 % of the nation 's population ) . Riyadh lies in Saudi Arabia 's ` central corridor ' of development along with Buraydah and Al Kharj in the Ar Riyad administrative division . The other areas of concentrated population are two coastal areas - around Jiddah and Mecca on the Red Sea , and around Jubail and Dhahran on the Persian Gulf . eos
is home to over 4,260,000 people ( around 20 % of the nation 's population ) . Riyadh lies in Saudi Arabia 's ` central corridor ' of development along with Buraydah and Al Kharj in the Ar Riyad administrative division . The other areas of concentrated population are two coastal areas - around Jiddah and Mecca on the Red Sea , and around Jubail and Dhahran on the Persian Gulf . eos
lies in Saudi Arabia 's ` central corridor ' of development along with Buraydah and Al Kharj in the Ar Riyad administrative division . The other areas of concentrated population are two coastal areas - around Jiddah and Mecca on the Red Sea , and around Jubail and Dhahran on the Persian Gulf . Riyadh is located at 24 ° 42 ' 42 '' North , eos
is located at 24 ° 42 ' 42 '' North , 46 ° 43 ' 27 '' East ( 24.711667 , 46.724167 ) . eos
is divided into 17 branch municipalities under the control of the Riyadh Municipality and the Riyadh Development Authority , chaired by Riyadh Province Governor Prince Salman Bin Abdul Aziz . Although in a highly arid area Riyadh does receive some rainfall . Five dams store the runoff . eos
does receive some rainfall . Five dams store the runoff . There are also 96 wells and 290 miles ( 467 km ) of pipe bringing huge volumes of water from desalination plants on the Persian Gulf . eos
, population 14,847 ( 2001 census ) , is the capital of Dominica . Roseau is a small and compact urban settlement surrounded by the Caribbean Sea , the Roseau River and Morne Bruce . Built on the site of the ancient Kalinago Indian village of Sairi , Roseau is the oldest and most important urban settlement on the island . eos
is a small and compact urban settlement surrounded by the Caribbean Sea , the Roseau River and Morne Bruce . Built on the site of the ancient Kalinago Indian village of Sairi , Roseau is the oldest and most important urban settlement on the island . Roseau is located at 15 ° 18 ` N , 61 ° 23 ` W , on the west ( leeward ) coast of Dominica , and Roseau is a combination of modern and colonial ( French Style ) architecture . eos
is the oldest and most important urban settlement on the island . Roseau is located at 15 ° 18 ` N , 61 ° 23 ` W , on the west ( leeward ) coast of Dominica , and Roseau is a combination of modern and colonial ( French Style ) architecture . Roseau exports limes , lime juice , essential oils , tropical vegetables , and spices . eos
is located at 15 ° 18 ` N , 61 ° 23 ` W , on the west ( leeward ) coast of Dominica , and Roseau is a combination of modern and colonial ( French Style ) architecture . Roseau exports limes , lime juice , essential oils , tropical vegetables , and spices . eos
is a combination of modern and colonial ( French Style ) architecture . Roseau exports limes , lime juice , essential oils , tropical vegetables , and spices . eos
exports limes , lime juice , essential oils , tropical vegetables , and spices . eos
( pronunciation ) is in terms of population the second largest municipality in the Netherlands ( after Amsterdam , the country 's capital ) and the largest city in the province of Zuid - Holland ( South Holland ) , the country 's most populous province . Rotterdam has the largest port in Europe and Rotterdam was until recently the world 's busiest port ; Rotterdam is found on the banks of the river Nieuwe Maas ( ie ` ` New Meuse '' ) , one of the streams in the delta formed by the Rhine and Meuse rivers . The name ` ` Rotterdam '' derives from Rotterdam origin at a dam in a small river , the Rotte , which from the north joins the Nieuwe Maas at the heart of Rotterdam . eos
has the largest port in Europe and Rotterdam was until recently the world 's busiest port ; Rotterdam is found on the banks of the river Nieuwe Maas ( ie ` ` New Meuse '' ) , one of the streams in the delta formed by the Rhine and Meuse rivers . The name ` ` Rotterdam '' derives from Rotterdam origin at a dam in a small river , the Rotte , which from the north joins the Nieuwe Maas at the heart of Rotterdam . eos
was until recently the world 's busiest port ; Rotterdam is found on the banks of the river Nieuwe Maas ( ie ` ` New Meuse '' ) , one of the streams in the delta formed by the Rhine and Meuse rivers . The name ` ` Rotterdam '' derives from Rotterdam origin at a dam in a small river , the Rotte , which from the north joins the Nieuwe Maas at the heart of Rotterdam . eos
is found on the banks of the river Nieuwe Maas ( ie ` ` New Meuse '' ) , one of the streams in the delta formed by the Rhine and Meuse rivers . The name ` ` Rotterdam '' derives from Rotterdam origin at a dam in a small river , the Rotte , which from the north joins the Nieuwe Maas at the heart of Rotterdam . eos
origin at a dam in a small river , the Rotte , which from the north joins the Nieuwe Maas at the heart of Rotterdam . eos
. eos
( in full , São Salvador da Baía de Todos os Santos , or in literal translation : ` ` Holy Savior of All Saints ' Bay '' ) is a city on the northeast coast of Brazil and the capital of the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia . Salvador_Bahia was for a long time also known as Bahia , and Salvador_Bahia appears under that name ( or as Salvador da Bahia , Salvador of Bahia so as to differentiate Salvador_Bahia from other Brazilian cities of the same name ) on many maps and books from before the mid 20th century , including in Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe ( 1719 ) . eos
was for a long time also known as Bahia , and Salvador_Bahia appears under that name ( or as Salvador da Bahia , Salvador of Bahia so as to differentiate Salvador_Bahia from other Brazilian cities of the same name ) on many maps and books from before the mid 20th century , including in Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe ( 1719 ) . eos
appears under that name ( or as Salvador da Bahia , Salvador of Bahia so as to differentiate Salvador_Bahia from other Brazilian cities of the same name ) on many maps and books from before the mid 20th century , including in Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe ( 1719 ) . eos
from other Brazilian cities of the same name ) on many maps and books from before the mid 20th century , including in Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe ( 1719 ) . eos
is the capital and largest city of Costa Rica . San_Jose_Costa_Rica is also the capital of the San José Province . San_Jose_Costa_Rica is located in the center of the country at 9 ° 56 ` N , 84 ° 5 ` W ; San_Jose_Costa_Rica is on a mountain plateau at an elevation of about 1,170 meters ( 3,839 feet ) above sea level . eos
is also the capital of the San José Province . San_Jose_Costa_Rica is located in the center of the country at 9 ° 56 ` N , 84 ° 5 ` W ; San_Jose_Costa_Rica is on a mountain plateau at an elevation of about 1,170 meters ( 3,839 feet ) above sea level . According to the 2000 census , San_Jose_Costa_Rica had a population of 309,672 people in San José Canton : the latter half of the 20th century was a period of rapid growth for San_Jose_Costa_Rica , considering that in 1950 San_Jose_Costa_Rica population was a mere 86,900 . eos
is located in the center of the country at 9 ° 56 ` N , 84 ° 5 ` W ; San_Jose_Costa_Rica is on a mountain plateau at an elevation of about 1,170 meters ( 3,839 feet ) above sea level . According to the 2000 census , San_Jose_Costa_Rica had a population of 309,672 people in San José Canton : the latter half of the 20th century was a period of rapid growth for San_Jose_Costa_Rica , considering that in 1950 San_Jose_Costa_Rica population was a mere 86,900 . The metropolitan area of San José exceeds the canton limits and surpasses one million inhabitants . eos
is on a mountain plateau at an elevation of about 1,170 meters ( 3,839 feet ) above sea level . According to the 2000 census , San_Jose_Costa_Rica had a population of 309,672 people in San José Canton : the latter half of the 20th century was a period of rapid growth for San_Jose_Costa_Rica , considering that in 1950 San_Jose_Costa_Rica population was a mere 86,900 . The metropolitan area of San José exceeds the canton limits and surpasses one million inhabitants . eos
had a population of 309,672 people in San José Canton : the latter half of the 20th century was a period of rapid growth for San_Jose_Costa_Rica , considering that in 1950 San_Jose_Costa_Rica population was a mere 86,900 . The metropolitan area of San José exceeds the canton limits and surpasses one million inhabitants . San_Jose_Costa_Rica was a small village of little significance until 1824 . eos
, considering that in 1950 San_Jose_Costa_Rica population was a mere 86,900 . The metropolitan area of San José exceeds the canton limits and surpasses one million inhabitants . San_Jose_Costa_Rica was a small village of little significance until 1824 . eos
population was a mere 86,900 . The metropolitan area of San José exceeds the canton limits and surpasses one million inhabitants . San_Jose_Costa_Rica was a small village of little significance until 1824 . eos
was a small village of little significance until 1824 . In that year , Costa Rica 's first elected head of state , liberal Juan Mora Fernández , decided to move the government of Costa Rica from the old Spanish colonial capital of Cartago and make a fresh start with a new city . This was a time of much optimism in the newly independent nation of Central America , of which Costa Rica was at that time a state ( see : History of Central America ) . eos
grew rapidly , extending into the Central Valley . Because of San_Jose_Costa_Rica late 18th century origin , San_Jose_Costa_Rica has little of the Spanish colonial architecture common in most other Latin American capitals . On august 9th , 1884 , San_Jose_Costa_Rica became the first city in Latin America illuminated by electric energy . eos
late 18th century origin , San_Jose_Costa_Rica has little of the Spanish colonial architecture common in most other Latin American capitals . On august 9th , 1884 , San_Jose_Costa_Rica became the first city in Latin America illuminated by electric energy . The University of Costa Rica was established here in 1843 , in that time with the name of ` ` University of Santo Tomás '' . eos
has little of the Spanish colonial architecture common in most other Latin American capitals . On august 9th , 1884 , San_Jose_Costa_Rica became the first city in Latin America illuminated by electric energy . The University of Costa Rica was established here in 1843 , in that time with the name of ` ` University of Santo Tomás '' . eos
became the first city in Latin America illuminated by electric energy . The University of Costa Rica was established here in 1843 , in that time with the name of ` ` University of Santo Tomás '' . San_Jose_Costa_Rica also serves as the headquarters of the Inter - American Court of Human Rights . eos
also serves as the headquarters of the Inter - American Court of Human Rights . San_Jose_Costa_Rica is served by Juan Santamaría International Airport , 23 km west of downtown , near Alajuela . Important places in San_Jose_Costa_Rica include the Banco Central de Costa Rica building , the Banco Nacional building ( much taller than other buildings nearby , giving San_Jose_Costa_Rica its particular skyline ) , La Sabana Metropolitan Park , Avenida Central ( a pedestrian thoroughfare and one of the major commercial areas in San_Jose_Costa_Rica ) . eos
is served by Juan Santamaría International Airport , 23 km west of downtown , near Alajuela . Important places in San_Jose_Costa_Rica include the Banco Central de Costa Rica building , the Banco Nacional building ( much taller than other buildings nearby , giving San_Jose_Costa_Rica its particular skyline ) , La Sabana Metropolitan Park , Avenida Central ( a pedestrian thoroughfare and one of the major commercial areas in San_Jose_Costa_Rica ) . The Central Park and the Plaza de la Cultura are visited by thousands of workers and tourists every day . eos
include the Banco Central de Costa Rica building , the Banco Nacional building ( much taller than other buildings nearby , giving San_Jose_Costa_Rica its particular skyline ) , La Sabana Metropolitan Park , Avenida Central ( a pedestrian thoroughfare and one of the major commercial areas in San_Jose_Costa_Rica ) . The Central Park and the Plaza de la Cultura are visited by thousands of workers and tourists every day . The Teatro Nacional de Costa Rica ( National Theatre of Costa Rica ) , Melico Salazar Theater , and the Cathedral are other landmarks in the central area . eos
its particular skyline ) , La Sabana Metropolitan Park , Avenida Central ( a pedestrian thoroughfare and one of the major commercial areas in San_Jose_Costa_Rica ) . The Central Park and the Plaza de la Cultura are visited by thousands of workers and tourists every day . The Teatro Nacional de Costa Rica ( National Theatre of Costa Rica ) , Melico Salazar Theater , and the Cathedral are other landmarks in the central area . eos
) . The Central Park and the Plaza de la Cultura are visited by thousands of workers and tourists every day . The Teatro Nacional de Costa Rica ( National Theatre of Costa Rica ) , Melico Salazar Theater , and the Cathedral are other landmarks in the central area . eos
, commonly known as Santa Cruz , is both a city and department in eastern Bolivia . The population of Santa_Cruz_de_la_Sierra was 1,528,683 inhabitants ( 2006 official estimate - see ) . eos
was 1,528,683 inhabitants ( 2006 official estimate - see ) . eos
( Spanish : Santiago de Chile ) is Chile 's capital and largest city . Santiago_Chile is situated at an elevation of 520 m ( 1700 ft ) in the country 's central valley , and administratively Santiago_Chile is a part of the Santiago Metropolitan Region . eos
is situated at an elevation of 520 m ( 1700 ft ) in the country 's central valley , and administratively Santiago_Chile is a part of the Santiago Metropolitan Region . Even though Santiago_Chile is the capital , legislative bodies meet in nearby Valparaíso . Approximately two decades of uninterrupted economic growth have transformed Santiago_Chile into one of Latin America 's most sophisticated metropolitan areas , with extensive suburban development , dozens of shopping malls , and impressive high - rise architecture . eos
is a part of the Santiago Metropolitan Region . Even though Santiago_Chile is the capital , legislative bodies meet in nearby Valparaíso . Approximately two decades of uninterrupted economic growth have transformed Santiago_Chile into one of Latin America 's most sophisticated metropolitan areas , with extensive suburban development , dozens of shopping malls , and impressive high - rise architecture . eos
is the capital , legislative bodies meet in nearby Valparaíso . Approximately two decades of uninterrupted economic growth have transformed Santiago_Chile into one of Latin America 's most sophisticated metropolitan areas , with extensive suburban development , dozens of shopping malls , and impressive high - rise architecture . Santiago_Chile also boasts some of Latin America 's most spectacular infrastructure , such as the Santiago Metro and the sparkling new ` ` Costanera Norte , '' a freeway system that passes below downtown and connects the Eastern and Western extremes of Santiago_Chile in 15 minutes . eos
into one of Latin America 's most sophisticated metropolitan areas , with extensive suburban development , dozens of shopping malls , and impressive high - rise architecture . Santiago_Chile also boasts some of Latin America 's most spectacular infrastructure , such as the Santiago Metro and the sparkling new ` ` Costanera Norte , '' a freeway system that passes below downtown and connects the Eastern and Western extremes of Santiago_Chile in 15 minutes . Santiago_Chile is headquarters to many important companies and Santiago_Chile is a regionally important financial center . eos
also boasts some of Latin America 's most spectacular infrastructure , such as the Santiago Metro and the sparkling new ` ` Costanera Norte , '' a freeway system that passes below downtown and connects the Eastern and Western extremes of Santiago_Chile in 15 minutes . Santiago_Chile is headquarters to many important companies and Santiago_Chile is a regionally important financial center . eos
in 15 minutes . Santiago_Chile is headquarters to many important companies and Santiago_Chile is a regionally important financial center . eos
is headquarters to many important companies and Santiago_Chile is a regionally important financial center . eos
is a regionally important financial center . eos
( pron . "" IPA : sɐ̃w̃pawlu "" ; Portuguese for SaintPaul ) is the capital of the state of SãoPaulo in southeastern Brazil . Sao_Paolo is located at 23 ° 32 ' 36S , 46 ° 37 ' 59W , 400 km ( 250 miles ) from Rio de Janeiro , and 1,030 km ( 640 miles ) from federal capital Brasília . eos
is located at 23 ° 32 ' 36S , 46 ° 37 ' 59W , 400 km ( 250 miles ) from Rio de Janeiro , and 1,030 km ( 640 miles ) from federal capital Brasília . Sao_Paolo has an area of 1,523.0 square kilometres ( 588.0 sq . miles ) and a population of just over 11 million ( 2006 IBGE estimate ) , which makes Sao_Paolo the largest and most populous city in the Southern Hemisphere and a global city . eos
has an area of 1,523.0 square kilometres ( 588.0 sq . miles ) and a population of just over 11 million ( 2006 IBGE estimate ) , which makes Sao_Paolo the largest and most populous city in the Southern Hemisphere and a global city . Nineteen million people live in the greater São Paulo metropolitan area as defined by the government ( Região Metropolitana ) - making it one of the five most populous in the world . eos
the largest and most populous city in the Southern Hemisphere and a global city . Nineteen million people live in the greater São Paulo metropolitan area as defined by the government ( Região Metropolitana ) - making it one of the five most populous in the world . However , when the many adjacent metropolitan areas , such as Baixada Santista , São José dos Campos , Campinas , Sorocaba , etc . are included , such as in the Extended Metropolitan Area ( Complexo Metropolitano Estendido ) eos
with the exception of Ribeirão Preto . The entire state has a population of over 40 million . People from Sao_Paolo are called paulistanos , while paulista designates anyone from the whole of São Paulo state , including the paulistanos . eos
are called paulistanos , while paulista designates anyone from the whole of São Paulo state , including the paulistanos . Sao_Paolo motto is Non ducor , duco , which is Latin for ` ` I am not led , I lead '' . eos
motto is Non ducor , duco , which is Latin for ` ` I am not led , I lead '' . eos
( population 53,300 in 2003 ) is the capital city of São Tomé and Príncipe and Sao_Tome is by far the nation 's largest town . Sao_Tome was founded by Portugal in 1485 and Sao_Tome is centred on a sixteenth century cathedral . Another early building is Fort São Sebastião , built in 1575 and now the São Tomé National Museum . eos
is by far the nation 's largest town . Sao_Tome was founded by Portugal in 1485 and Sao_Tome is centred on a sixteenth century cathedral . Another early building is Fort São Sebastião , built in 1575 and now the São Tomé National Museum . eos
was founded by Portugal in 1485 and Sao_Tome is centred on a sixteenth century cathedral . Another early building is Fort São Sebastião , built in 1575 and now the São Tomé National Museum . In 1599 , Sao_Tome as well as the islands were taken by the Dutch for two days and again in 1641 for a year . eos
is centred on a sixteenth century cathedral . Another early building is Fort São Sebastião , built in 1575 and now the São Tomé National Museum . In 1599 , Sao_Tome as well as the islands were taken by the Dutch for two days and again in 1641 for a year . eos
as well as the islands were taken by the Dutch for two days and again in 1641 for a year . Sao_Tome was the then colony 's capital until 1753 and Sao_Tome has been the national capital continuously since 1852 . Sao_Tome name is Portuguese for ` ` Saint Thomas . '' eos
was the then colony 's capital until 1753 and Sao_Tome has been the national capital continuously since 1852 . Sao_Tome name is Portuguese for ` ` Saint Thomas . '' Sao_Tome is located at 0 ° 20 ' North , 6 ° 44 ' East ( 0.333 , 6.7333 ) . . eos
has been the national capital continuously since 1852 . Sao_Tome name is Portuguese for ` ` Saint Thomas . '' Sao_Tome is located at 0 ° 20 ' North , 6 ° 44 ' East ( 0.333 , 6.7333 ) . . eos
name is Portuguese for ` ` Saint Thomas . '' Sao_Tome is located at 0 ° 20 ' North , 6 ° 44 ' East ( 0.333 , 6.7333 ) . . Features of Sao_Tome include the Presidential Palace , the Fisherman 's Church , and a cinema . eos
is located at 0 ° 20 ' North , 6 ° 44 ' East ( 0.333 , 6.7333 ) . . Features of Sao_Tome include the Presidential Palace , the Fisherman 's Church , and a cinema . Sao_Tome is also home to two markets , a radio station , a hospital , and an international airport . eos
include the Presidential Palace , the Fisherman 's Church , and a cinema . Sao_Tome is also home to two markets , a radio station , a hospital , and an international airport . Sao_Tome also serves as the center of the island 's road and bus networks . eos
is also home to two markets , a radio station , a hospital , and an international airport . Sao_Tome also serves as the center of the island 's road and bus networks . Sao_Tome is well known for the Tchiloli play . eos
also serves as the center of the island 's road and bus networks . Sao_Tome is well known for the Tchiloli play . Important as a port , Sao_Tome lies on Ana Chaves Bay in the north east of São Tomé Island . eos
is well known for the Tchiloli play . Important as a port , Sao_Tome lies on Ana Chaves Bay in the north east of São Tomé Island . Cabras Island lies in the bay . eos
lies on Ana Chaves Bay in the north east of São Tomé Island . Cabras Island lies in the bay . Sao_Tome is located northeast of Trindade , southeast of Guadalupe and northwest of Santana . eos
is located northeast of Trindade , southeast of Guadalupe and northwest of Santana . Sao_Tome is linked to these towns by various roadways , but especially by the highway encircling the entire island of São Tomé . eos
is linked to these towns by various roadways , but especially by the highway encircling the entire island of São Tomé . eos
( "" Chinese : 上海 "" ; pinyin : Shànghǎi ; Shanghainese : "" IPA : / zɑ̃ ` he / "" ) , situated on the banks of the Yangtze River Delta in East China , is the largest city of the People 's Republic of China and the eighth largest in the world . eos
also serves as one of the most important cultural , commercial , financial , industrial and communications centers of China . Administratively , Shanghai is a municipality of the People 's Republic of China Shanghai has province - level status . Shanghai is also one of the world 's busiest ports , and Shanghai became the largest cargo port in the world in 2005 . eos
is a municipality of the People 's Republic of China Shanghai has province - level status . Shanghai is also one of the world 's busiest ports , and Shanghai became the largest cargo port in the world in 2005 . Originally a sleepy fishing town , Shanghai became China 's most important city by the 20th century and Shanghai was the centre of popular culture , vice , intellectual discourse and political intrigue during the Republic of China . eos
has province - level status . Shanghai is also one of the world 's busiest ports , and Shanghai became the largest cargo port in the world in 2005 . Originally a sleepy fishing town , Shanghai became China 's most important city by the 20th century and Shanghai was the centre of popular culture , vice , intellectual discourse and political intrigue during the Republic of China . eos
is also one of the world 's busiest ports , and Shanghai became the largest cargo port in the world in 2005 . Originally a sleepy fishing town , Shanghai became China 's most important city by the 20th century and Shanghai was the centre of popular culture , vice , intellectual discourse and political intrigue during the Republic of China . Shanghai once became the third largest financial centre in the world , ranking after New York City and London , and the largest commercial city in the Far East in the late 19th century and early 20th century . eos
became the largest cargo port in the world in 2005 . Originally a sleepy fishing town , Shanghai became China 's most important city by the 20th century and Shanghai was the centre of popular culture , vice , intellectual discourse and political intrigue during the Republic of China . Shanghai once became the third largest financial centre in the world , ranking after New York City and London , and the largest commercial city in the Far East in the late 19th century and early 20th century . eos
became China 's most important city by the 20th century and Shanghai was the centre of popular culture , vice , intellectual discourse and political intrigue during the Republic of China . Shanghai once became the third largest financial centre in the world , ranking after New York City and London , and the largest commercial city in the Far East in the late 19th century and early 20th century . After the communist takeover in 1949 , Shanghai languished under heavy central government taxation and much of Shanghai bourgeois elements were purged . eos
was the centre of popular culture , vice , intellectual discourse and political intrigue during the Republic of China . Shanghai once became the third largest financial centre in the world , ranking after New York City and London , and the largest commercial city in the Far East in the late 19th century and early 20th century . After the communist takeover in 1949 , Shanghai languished under heavy central government taxation and much of Shanghai bourgeois elements were purged . eos
once became the third largest financial centre in the world , ranking after New York City and London , and the largest commercial city in the Far East in the late 19th century and early 20th century . After the communist takeover in 1949 , Shanghai languished under heavy central government taxation and much of Shanghai bourgeois elements were purged . Following the central government 's authorization of market - economic redevelopment of Shanghai in 1992 , Shanghai quickly surpassed early - starters Shenzhen and Guangzhou , and Shanghai has since led China 's economic growth . eos
languished under heavy central government taxation and much of Shanghai bourgeois elements were purged . Following the central government 's authorization of market - economic redevelopment of Shanghai in 1992 , Shanghai quickly surpassed early - starters Shenzhen and Guangzhou , and Shanghai has since led China 's economic growth . Some challenges remain for Shanghai at the beginning of the 21st century , as Shanghai struggles to cope with increased worker migration , and a huge wealth gap . eos
bourgeois elements were purged . Following the central government 's authorization of market - economic redevelopment of Shanghai in 1992 , Shanghai quickly surpassed early - starters Shenzhen and Guangzhou , and Shanghai has since led China 's economic growth . Some challenges remain for Shanghai at the beginning of the 21st century , as Shanghai struggles to cope with increased worker migration , and a huge wealth gap . eos
in 1992 , Shanghai quickly surpassed early - starters Shenzhen and Guangzhou , and Shanghai has since led China 's economic growth . Some challenges remain for Shanghai at the beginning of the 21st century , as Shanghai struggles to cope with increased worker migration , and a huge wealth gap . However , these challenges aside , Shanghai skyscrapers and modern lifestyle mark the pinnacle of China 's recent economic development . eos
quickly surpassed early - starters Shenzhen and Guangzhou , and Shanghai has since led China 's economic growth . Some challenges remain for Shanghai at the beginning of the 21st century , as Shanghai struggles to cope with increased worker migration , and a huge wealth gap . However , these challenges aside , Shanghai skyscrapers and modern lifestyle mark the pinnacle of China 's recent economic development . eos
has since led China 's economic growth . Some challenges remain for Shanghai at the beginning of the 21st century , as Shanghai struggles to cope with increased worker migration , and a huge wealth gap . However , these challenges aside , Shanghai skyscrapers and modern lifestyle mark the pinnacle of China 's recent economic development . eos
at the beginning of the 21st century , as Shanghai struggles to cope with increased worker migration , and a huge wealth gap . However , these challenges aside , Shanghai skyscrapers and modern lifestyle mark the pinnacle of China 's recent economic development . eos
struggles to cope with increased worker migration , and a huge wealth gap . However , these challenges aside , Shanghai skyscrapers and modern lifestyle mark the pinnacle of China 's recent economic development . eos
skyscrapers and modern lifestyle mark the pinnacle of China 's recent economic development . eos
( Arabic : الشارقة ash - shaariqah ) extends along approximately 16 kilometres of the United Arab Emirates 's Persian Gulf coastline and for more than 80 kilometres into the interior . Sharjah covers 1,003 square miles ( 2,600 km ² ) eos
covers 1,003 square miles ( 2,600 km ² ) The total population is 636,000 ( 2003 ) . eos
, officially the Republic of Singapore ( "" Malay : Republik Singapura "" ; Chinese : "" Chinese : "" "" "" , Pinyin : Xīnjiāpō Gònghéguó ; "" Tamil : சிஙுகபுபூரு குடியரசு "" , "" Tamil : Ciŋkappūr Kudiyarasu "" ) , is an island city - state and the smallest country in South - East Asia . eos
is located on the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula , south of the Malaysian state of Johor , and north of the Indonesian Riau Islands . Singapore lies just 137 kilometres ( 85 miles ) north of the Equator . The site of several ancient port cities and a possession of several empires in its history , Singapore was a Malay fishing village when Singapore was colonised by the United Kingdom in the 19th century . eos
lies just 137 kilometres ( 85 miles ) north of the Equator . The site of several ancient port cities and a possession of several empires in its history , Singapore was a Malay fishing village when Singapore was colonised by the United Kingdom in the 19th century . Singapore was further occupied by the Japanese Empire in World War II , and Singapore was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . eos
was a Malay fishing village when Singapore was colonised by the United Kingdom in the 19th century . Singapore was further occupied by the Japanese Empire in World War II , and Singapore was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . When Singapore acquired independence , having few natural resources , Singapore was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . eos
was colonised by the United Kingdom in the 19th century . Singapore was further occupied by the Japanese Empire in World War II , and Singapore was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . When Singapore acquired independence , having few natural resources , Singapore was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . eos
was further occupied by the Japanese Empire in World War II , and Singapore was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . When Singapore acquired independence , having few natural resources , Singapore was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . Foreign investment and rapid government - led industrialisation has since created an economy which relies on exports of electronics and manufacturing primarily from Singapore port . eos
was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . When Singapore acquired independence , having few natural resources , Singapore was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . Foreign investment and rapid government - led industrialisation has since created an economy which relies on exports of electronics and manufacturing primarily from Singapore port . eos
acquired independence , having few natural resources , Singapore was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . Foreign investment and rapid government - led industrialisation has since created an economy which relies on exports of electronics and manufacturing primarily from Singapore port . According to the quality - of - life index assembled by the Economist Intelligence Unit , Singapore has the highest standard of living in Asia , and Singapore is ranked 11th in the World . eos
was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . Foreign investment and rapid government - led industrialisation has since created an economy which relies on exports of electronics and manufacturing primarily from Singapore port . According to the quality - of - life index assembled by the Economist Intelligence Unit , Singapore has the highest standard of living in Asia , and Singapore is ranked 11th in the World . eos
port . According to the quality - of - life index assembled by the Economist Intelligence Unit , Singapore has the highest standard of living in Asia , and Singapore is ranked 11th in the World . In the more well - known Human Development Index by the United Nations , Singapore holds the 25th place , behind only Japan and Hong Kong in Asia . eos
has the highest standard of living in Asia , and Singapore is ranked 11th in the World . In the more well - known Human Development Index by the United Nations , Singapore holds the 25th place , behind only Japan and Hong Kong in Asia . Measured by GDP per capita , Singapore is the 22nd wealthiest country . eos
is ranked 11th in the World . In the more well - known Human Development Index by the United Nations , Singapore holds the 25th place , behind only Japan and Hong Kong in Asia . Measured by GDP per capita , Singapore is the 22nd wealthiest country . eos
holds the 25th place , behind only Japan and Hong Kong in Asia . Measured by GDP per capita , Singapore is the 22nd wealthiest country . Singapore has a foreign reserve of S$ 197b ( US$ 119b ) . eos
is the 22nd wealthiest country . Singapore has a foreign reserve of S$ 197b ( US$ 119b ) . More than 90 % of Singapore population lives in housing estates constructed by the Housing Development Board and nearly half uses the public transport system daily . eos
has a foreign reserve of S$ 197b ( US$ 119b ) . More than 90 % of Singapore population lives in housing estates constructed by the Housing Development Board and nearly half uses the public transport system daily . As a result of efforts to control motorised traffic , the maintenance of natural greenery , strict regulations on industrial locations and emissions , and other pro - environmental initiatives by the government and the private sector , Singapore has been able to control Singapore pollution levels to well within World Health Organization standards . eos
population lives in housing estates constructed by the Housing Development Board and nearly half uses the public transport system daily . As a result of efforts to control motorised traffic , the maintenance of natural greenery , strict regulations on industrial locations and emissions , and other pro - environmental initiatives by the government and the private sector , Singapore has been able to control Singapore pollution levels to well within World Health Organization standards . The Constitution of the Republic of Singapore established Singapore as a representative democracy . eos
has been able to control Singapore pollution levels to well within World Health Organization standards . The Constitution of the Republic of Singapore established Singapore as a representative democracy . Singapore initially undertook a democratic socialist policy shortly after Singapore independence , adopting a welfare system . eos
pollution levels to well within World Health Organization standards . The Constitution of the Republic of Singapore established Singapore as a representative democracy . Singapore initially undertook a democratic socialist policy shortly after Singapore independence , adopting a welfare system . eos
as a representative democracy . Singapore initially undertook a democratic socialist policy shortly after Singapore independence , adopting a welfare system . However , the government has since become more conservative than it was at the founding of the republic . eos
initially undertook a democratic socialist policy shortly after Singapore independence , adopting a welfare system . However , the government has since become more conservative than it was at the founding of the republic . eos
independence , adopting a welfare system . However , the government has since become more conservative than it was at the founding of the republic . eos
( Macedonian : Скопје ) is the capital and largest city in Macedonia , with more than a quarter of the population of the country , as well as the political , cultural , economical and academic centre of the country . Skopje was known from the Roman period on under the name Scupi . eos
was known from the Roman period on under the name Scupi . Skopje developed rapidly after the Second World War , but this trend was interrupted in 1963 when Skopje was hit by a disastrous earthquake . Today Skopje is a modern city with a range of cultural monuments . eos
developed rapidly after the Second World War , but this trend was interrupted in 1963 when Skopje was hit by a disastrous earthquake . Today Skopje is a modern city with a range of cultural monuments . Skopje is located at 42 ° 0 eos
was hit by a disastrous earthquake . Today Skopje is a modern city with a range of cultural monuments . Skopje is located at 42 ° 0 eos
is a modern city with a range of cultural monuments . Skopje is located at 42 ° 0 ` N , 21 ° 26 ` E , on the upper course of the Vardar River and Skopje is located on a major north - south Balkan route between Central Europe and Athens . eos
is located at 42 ° 0 ` N , 21 ° 26 ` E , on the upper course of the Vardar River and Skopje is located on a major north - south Balkan route between Central Europe and Athens . Skopje has 506,926 inhabitants ( 2002 census ) . eos
is located on a major north - south Balkan route between Central Europe and Athens . Skopje has 506,926 inhabitants ( 2002 census ) . Skopje is a major centre for the metal - processing , chemical , timber , textile , leather , and printing industries but Skopje has suffered many closures since 1991 . eos
has 506,926 inhabitants ( 2002 census ) . Skopje is a major centre for the metal - processing , chemical , timber , textile , leather , and printing industries but Skopje has suffered many closures since 1991 . Industrial development of Skopje has been accompanied by developments of the trade and banking sectors , as well as an emphasis on the fields of culture and sport . eos
has suffered many closures since 1991 . Industrial development of Skopje has been accompanied by developments of the trade and banking sectors , as well as an emphasis on the fields of culture and sport . eos
is a major centre for the metal - processing , chemical , timber , textile , leather , and printing industries but Skopje has suffered many closures since 1991 . Industrial development of Skopje has been accompanied by developments of the trade and banking sectors , as well as an emphasis on the fields of culture and sport . eos
has been accompanied by developments of the trade and banking sectors , as well as an emphasis on the fields of culture and sport . eos
listen ( "" Bulgarian : Софис "" ) is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Bulgaria , with a population of 1,246,791 , and some 1,377,761 in the metropolitan area , the Capital Municipality . Sofia is located in western Bulgaria , at the foot of the mountain massif Vitosha , and Sofia is the administrative , cultural , and industrial centre of the country . eos
is located in western Bulgaria , at the foot of the mountain massif Vitosha , and Sofia is the administrative , cultural , and industrial centre of the country . One of the oldest capital cities in Europe , the history of Sofia dates back to the 8th century BC , when Thracians established a settlement there . Sofia has had several names in the different periods of Sofia existence , and remnants of Sofia millenary history can still be seen today alongside modern landmarks . eos
is the administrative , cultural , and industrial centre of the country . One of the oldest capital cities in Europe , the history of Sofia dates back to the 8th century BC , when Thracians established a settlement there . Sofia has had several names in the different periods of Sofia existence , and remnants of Sofia millenary history can still be seen today alongside modern landmarks . eos
dates back to the 8th century BC , when Thracians established a settlement there . Sofia has had several names in the different periods of Sofia existence , and remnants of Sofia millenary history can still be seen today alongside modern landmarks . eos
has had several names in the different periods of Sofia existence , and remnants of Sofia millenary history can still be seen today alongside modern landmarks . eos
existence , and remnants of Sofia millenary history can still be seen today alongside modern landmarks . eos
millenary history can still be seen today alongside modern landmarks . eos
, population 7,500 ( 1999 ) , is the capital of Grenada . St_George_Grenada is located at 12 ° 3 ` N , 61 ° 45 ` W. Chief exports are cacao , nutmeg , and mace . St_George_Grenada was the capital of the former British colony of the Windward Islands . eos
is located at 12 ° 3 ` N , 61 ° 45 ` W. Chief exports are cacao , nutmeg , and mace . St_George_Grenada was the capital of the former British colony of the Windward Islands . eos
was the capital of the former British colony of the Windward Islands . eos
is the capital city of the nation of Antigua and Barbuda , a country located in the West Indies in the Caribbean Sea . St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda is located at 17 ° 7 ` N , 61 ° 51 ` W. With a population of 24,226 ( 2000 ) , St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda is the commercial centre of the nation and the chief port of the island of Antigua . St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda has been the administrative centre of Antigua and Barbuda since the islands were first colonised in 1632 , and St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda became the seat of government when the nation achieved independence in 1981 . eos
is located at 17 ° 7 ` N , 61 ° 51 ` W. With a population of 24,226 ( 2000 ) , St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda is the commercial centre of the nation and the chief port of the island of Antigua . St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda has been the administrative centre of Antigua and Barbuda since the islands were first colonised in 1632 , and St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda became the seat of government when the nation achieved independence in 1981 . eos
is the commercial centre of the nation and the chief port of the island of Antigua . St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda has been the administrative centre of Antigua and Barbuda since the islands were first colonised in 1632 , and St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda became the seat of government when the nation achieved independence in 1981 . eos
has been the administrative centre of Antigua and Barbuda since the islands were first colonised in 1632 , and St_John_Antigua_and_Barbuda became the seat of government when the nation achieved independence in 1981 . eos
became the seat of government when the nation achieved independence in 1981 . eos
is the capital city of Fiji . Suva is located on the southeast coast of the island of Viti Levu , in the division of Central Fiji , of which Suva is the administrative centre . Suva became the capital of Fiji in 1877 when the geography of former main Kaivalagi ( European ) settlement at Levuka on the island of Ovalau proved too restrictive . eos
is located on the southeast coast of the island of Viti Levu , in the division of Central Fiji , of which Suva is the administrative centre . Suva became the capital of Fiji in 1877 when the geography of former main Kaivalagi ( European ) settlement at Levuka on the island of Ovalau proved too restrictive . At the 1996 census , the last to date , Suva had a population of 77,366 . eos
is the administrative centre . Suva became the capital of Fiji in 1877 when the geography of former main Kaivalagi ( European ) settlement at Levuka on the island of Ovalau proved too restrictive . At the 1996 census , the last to date , Suva had a population of 77,366 . eos
became the capital of Fiji in 1877 when the geography of former main Kaivalagi ( European ) settlement at Levuka on the island of Ovalau proved too restrictive . At the 1996 census , the last to date , Suva had a population of 77,366 . Including independent suburbs , the population of the Greater Suva urban area was 167,975 at the same census . eos
had a population of 77,366 . Including independent suburbs , the population of the Greater Suva urban area was 167,975 at the same census . eos
( pronounced "" IPA : / ˈsɪdniː / "" ) is the most populous city in Australia with a metropolitan area population of over 4.2 million people ( 2006 ) . Sydney is the state capital of New South Wales and Sydney is located on the country 's south - east coast . The first European colony in Australia , Sydney was established in 1788 at Sydney Cove by Arthur Phillip who led the First Fleet from Britain . eos
is the state capital of New South Wales and Sydney is located on the country 's south - east coast . The first European colony in Australia , Sydney was established in 1788 at Sydney Cove by Arthur Phillip who led the First Fleet from Britain . Built around Port Jackson , which includes Sydney Harbour , Sydney has been called the ` ` Harbour City '' . eos
is located on the country 's south - east coast . The first European colony in Australia , Sydney was established in 1788 at Sydney Cove by Arthur Phillip who led the First Fleet from Britain . Built around Port Jackson , which includes Sydney Harbour , Sydney has been called the ` ` Harbour City '' . eos
was established in 1788 at Sydney Cove by Arthur Phillip who led the First Fleet from Britain . Built around Port Jackson , which includes Sydney Harbour , Sydney has been called the ` ` Harbour City '' . Sydney is Australia 's largest financial centre and a major international tourist destination , notable for Sydney beaches and twin landmarks : the Sydney Opera House and the Harbour Bridge . eos
has been called the ` ` Harbour City '' . Sydney is Australia 's largest financial centre and a major international tourist destination , notable for Sydney beaches and twin landmarks : the Sydney Opera House and the Harbour Bridge . Sydney has also played host to numerous sporting events , including the 1938 British Empire Games and the 2000 Summer Olympics . eos
is Australia 's largest financial centre and a major international tourist destination , notable for Sydney beaches and twin landmarks : the Sydney Opera House and the Harbour Bridge . Sydney has also played host to numerous sporting events , including the 1938 British Empire Games and the 2000 Summer Olympics . eos
beaches and twin landmarks : the Sydney Opera House and the Harbour Bridge . Sydney has also played host to numerous sporting events , including the 1938 British Empire Games and the 2000 Summer Olympics . eos
has also played host to numerous sporting events , including the 1938 British Empire Games and the 2000 Summer Olympics . eos
( "" Simplified Chinese : 印北市 , Traditional Chinese : 臺北市 or 印北市 , Hanyu Pinyin : eos
is Republic of China 's center of politics , commercial , mass media , education , and pop culture , and today also Taipei is widely considered to be one of the ` ` Gamma world cities '' . Taipei , Taipei County surrounding it , and nearby Keelung City form Taipei metropolitan area but are administered under different local government bodies . eos
is widely considered to be one of the ` ` Gamma world cities '' . Taipei , Taipei County surrounding it , and nearby Keelung City form Taipei metropolitan area but are administered under different local government bodies . eos
, Taipei County surrounding it , and nearby Keelung City form Taipei metropolitan area but are administered under different local government bodies . Taipei is a special municipality administered directly under the ROC central government , while Taipei County and Keelung City are administered as part of Taiwan Province . eos
is a special municipality administered directly under the ROC central government , while Taipei County and Keelung City are administered as part of Taiwan Province . Therefore , although Taipei is used to refer the whole metropolitan area , Taipei City specifically means the city proper only . According to the census data collected in july 2006 , the total population in Taipei ( excluding Taipei County ) is 2,625,757 . eos
( excluding Taipei County ) is 2,625,757 . The major industries in Taipei include electrical and electronic equipment , textiles , metals , ship - building , and motorcycles . eos
include electrical and electronic equipment , textiles , metals , ship - building , and motorcycles . eos
( recent historical name : Reval ) is the capital city and main seaport of Estonia . Tallinn is located on Estonia 's north coast to the Baltic Sea , 80 kilometres south of Helsinki . eos
is located on Estonia 's north coast to the Baltic Sea , 80 kilometres south of Helsinki . eos
( Georgian თბილისი ) is the capital and largest city of the country of Georgia , lying on the banks of the Kura ( Mtkvari ) River , at 41 ° 43 ` N , 44 ° 47 ` E. Tbilisi is still sometimes known by its former Turkish name of Tiflis ( sometimes spelled Tifflis ) . Tbilisi covers an area of 350 km ² ( 135 square miles ) and Tbilisi has more than 1,345,000 inhabitants . eos
is still sometimes known by its former Turkish name of Tiflis ( sometimes spelled Tifflis ) . Tbilisi covers an area of 350 km ² ( 135 square miles ) and Tbilisi has more than 1,345,000 inhabitants . Tbilisi is a significant industrial , social , and cultural center and Tbilisi is emerging as a major transit route for global energy / trade projects ( see Baku - Tbilisi - Ceyhan Pipeline ) . eos
covers an area of 350 km ² ( 135 square miles ) and Tbilisi has more than 1,345,000 inhabitants . Tbilisi is a significant industrial , social , and cultural center and Tbilisi is emerging as a major transit route for global energy / trade projects ( see Baku - Tbilisi - Ceyhan Pipeline ) . Tbilisi is located along one of the historic Silk Road routes and Tbilisi plays an important role as a trade / transit center due to Tbilisi strategic location at the crossroads between Russia 's North Caucasus , Turkey , and the Transcaucasian republics of Armenia and Azerbaijan . eos
has more than 1,345,000 inhabitants . Tbilisi is a significant industrial , social , and cultural center and Tbilisi is emerging as a major transit route for global energy / trade projects ( see Baku - Tbilisi - Ceyhan Pipeline ) . Tbilisi is located along one of the historic Silk Road routes and Tbilisi plays an important role as a trade / transit center due to Tbilisi strategic location at the crossroads between Russia 's North Caucasus , Turkey , and the Transcaucasian republics of Armenia and Azerbaijan . eos
is a significant industrial , social , and cultural center and Tbilisi is emerging as a major transit route for global energy / trade projects ( see Baku - Tbilisi - Ceyhan Pipeline ) . Tbilisi is located along one of the historic Silk Road routes and Tbilisi plays an important role as a trade / transit center due to Tbilisi strategic location at the crossroads between Russia 's North Caucasus , Turkey , and the Transcaucasian republics of Armenia and Azerbaijan . In recent times , Tbilisi has become known for the peaceful Rose Revolution , which took place around Freedom Square and nearby locations after the rigged parliamentary elections of 2003 led to the resignation of the Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze . eos
is emerging as a major transit route for global energy / trade projects ( see Baku - Tbilisi - Ceyhan Pipeline ) . Tbilisi is located along one of the historic Silk Road routes and Tbilisi plays an important role as a trade / transit center due to Tbilisi strategic location at the crossroads between Russia 's North Caucasus , Turkey , and the Transcaucasian republics of Armenia and Azerbaijan . In recent times , Tbilisi has become known for the peaceful Rose Revolution , which took place around Freedom Square and nearby locations after the rigged parliamentary elections of 2003 led to the resignation of the Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze . eos
is located along one of the historic Silk Road routes and Tbilisi plays an important role as a trade / transit center due to Tbilisi strategic location at the crossroads between Russia 's North Caucasus , Turkey , and the Transcaucasian republics of Armenia and Azerbaijan . In recent times , Tbilisi has become known for the peaceful Rose Revolution , which took place around Freedom Square and nearby locations after the rigged parliamentary elections of 2003 led to the resignation of the Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze . eos
plays an important role as a trade / transit center due to Tbilisi strategic location at the crossroads between Russia 's North Caucasus , Turkey , and the Transcaucasian republics of Armenia and Azerbaijan . In recent times , Tbilisi has become known for the peaceful Rose Revolution , which took place around Freedom Square and nearby locations after the rigged parliamentary elections of 2003 led to the resignation of the Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze . eos
strategic location at the crossroads between Russia 's North Caucasus , Turkey , and the Transcaucasian republics of Armenia and Azerbaijan . In recent times , Tbilisi has become known for the peaceful Rose Revolution , which took place around Freedom Square and nearby locations after the rigged parliamentary elections of 2003 led to the resignation of the Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze . eos
has become known for the peaceful Rose Revolution , which took place around Freedom Square and nearby locations after the rigged parliamentary elections of 2003 led to the resignation of the Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze . eos
( "" IPA : ˌteɰusiˈɰalpa "" ( Tegus for short ) , population 1,682,725 ( 2006 ) ( metro area ) , is the capital of Honduras and the republic 's largest city . Tegucigalpa is located in a valley of the same name at 14 ° 5 ` N , 87 ° 13 ` W , and an elevation of 3,250 feet . eos
is located in a valley of the same name at 14 ° 5 ` N , 87 ° 13 ` W , and an elevation of 3,250 feet . The name is derived from the Nahuatl Teguz - galpa , meaning ` ` silver hills '' . Tegucigalpa is also the capital of Honduras ' Francisco Morazán department . eos
is also the capital of Honduras ' Francisco Morazán department . Tegucigalpa industries include textiles , sugar , and cigarettes . eos
industries include textiles , sugar , and cigarettes . eos
( Albanian : Tiranë or Tirana ) is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Albania . Tirana was founded in 1614 by Sulejman Pasha and Tirana became Albania 's capital city in 1920 . eos
was founded in 1614 by Sulejman Pasha and Tirana became Albania 's capital city in 1920 . Tirana is located at 41 ° 19 ' 48N , 19 ° 49 ' 12E ( 41.33 ° N , 19.82 ° E ) in the eponymous district and county . Tirana average altitude is 90 metres above sea level . eos
became Albania 's capital city in 1920 . Tirana is located at 41 ° 19 ' 48N , 19 ° 49 ' 12E ( 41.33 ° N , 19.82 ° E ) in the eponymous district and county . Tirana average altitude is 90 metres above sea level . eos
is located at 41 ° 19 ' 48N , 19 ° 49 ' 12E ( 41.33 ° N , 19.82 ° E ) in the eponymous district and county . Tirana average altitude is 90 metres above sea level . Tirana is on the Ishm River , about 20 miles inland . eos
average altitude is 90 metres above sea level . Tirana is on the Ishm River , about 20 miles inland . eos
is on the Ishm River , about 20 miles inland . eos
( Arabic : تونس , Tūnis ) is the capital of the Tunisian Republic and also the Tunis Governorate , with a population of 699,700 in 2003 . Informal estimates state that the population of greater Tunis approaches two million . Situated on a large Mediterranean gulf , ( the Gulf of Tunis ) , behind the Lake of Tunis and the port of La Goulette ( Halq al Wadi ) , Tunis extends along the coastal plain and the hills that surround it . eos
extends along the coastal plain and the hills that surround it . At the centre of more modern development ( colonial era and post ) lies the old medina . Beyond this section lie the suburbs of Carthage , La Marsa , and Sidi Bou Said . eos
: a dense agglomeration of alleys and covered passages , full of intense scents and colours , boisterous and active trade , a surfeit of goods on offer ranging from leather to plastic , tin to the finest filigree , tourist souvenirs to the works of tiny crafts - shops . Just through the Sea Gate ( also known as the Bab el Bahr and the Porte de France ) , begins the modern city , or Ville Nouvelle , transversed by the grand Avenue Bourguiba ( considered by many to be the Tunisian Champs - Élysées ) , where the colonial - era buildings provide a clear contrast to smaller older structures . As the capital city of the country Tunis is the center of Tunisian commercial activity , as well as focus of political and administrative life in the country . eos
is the center of Tunisian commercial activity , as well as focus of political and administrative life in the country . The expansion of the Tunisian economy in the last decades is reflected in the booming development of the outer city where one can see clearly the social challenges brought about by rapid modernization in Tunisia . eos
, or Ulaanbaatar ( Улаанбаатар , ᠤᠯᠠᠭᠠᠨ ᠪᠠᠭᠠᠲᠤᠷ "" Ulaɣan Baɣatar "" ) in Mongolian , is the capital of the republic of Mongolia . In september 2006 Ulan_Bator population was estimated at 964,700 . eos
population was estimated at 964,700 . eos
( Gujarati : વડોદરા , Hindi : बडोदा ) , pronunciation , also known as Baroda , is the third most - populated town in the Indian state of Gujarat after Ahmedabad and Surat . Vadodara is one of four towns in the state with a population of over 1 million , the other being Rajkot and the two cities listed above . eos
is one of four towns in the state with a population of over 1 million , the other being Rajkot and the two cities listed above . Vadodara is located on the Vishwamitri river , southeast of Ahmedabad and Vadodara is known as the Cultural Capital of Gujarat . Vadodara is the administrative headquarters of the Vadodara District . eos
is located on the Vishwamitri river , southeast of Ahmedabad and Vadodara is known as the Cultural Capital of Gujarat . Vadodara is the administrative headquarters of the Vadodara District . Vadodara is home to almost 1.729 million people ( as of 2005 ) , the beautiful Lakshmi Vilas Palace and the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda ( MSU ) which is famous for various departments , including the fine arts , performing arts , technology and medicine streams . eos
is known as the Cultural Capital of Gujarat . Vadodara is the administrative headquarters of the Vadodara District . Vadodara is home to almost 1.729 million people ( as of 2005 ) , the beautiful Lakshmi Vilas Palace and the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda ( MSU ) which is famous for various departments , including the fine arts , performing arts , technology and medicine streams . eos
is the administrative headquarters of the Vadodara District . Vadodara is home to almost 1.729 million people ( as of 2005 ) , the beautiful Lakshmi Vilas Palace and the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda ( MSU ) which is famous for various departments , including the fine arts , performing arts , technology and medicine streams . Vadodara has a high literacy rate by Indian standards of 78 % ( 2001 ) . eos
is home to almost 1.729 million people ( as of 2005 ) , the beautiful Lakshmi Vilas Palace and the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda ( MSU ) which is famous for various departments , including the fine arts , performing arts , technology and medicine streams . Vadodara has a high literacy rate by Indian standards of 78 % ( 2001 ) . Major industries include petrochemicals , engineering , pharmaceuticals , and plastics . eos
has a high literacy rate by Indian standards of 78 % ( 2001 ) . Major industries include petrochemicals , engineering , pharmaceuticals , and plastics . eos
is Chile 's most important seaport and an increasingly vital cultural center . Valparaiso is located in central Chile , where Valparaiso is capital of the Region of Valparaíso . Valparaiso is also home of the National Congress . eos
is located in central Chile , where Valparaiso is capital of the Region of Valparaíso . Valparaiso is also home of the National Congress . Built upon dozens of steep hillsides overlooking the Pacific Ocean , Valparaiso boasts a labyrinth of streets and cobblestone alleyways , embodyng a rich architectural and cultural legacy . eos
is capital of the Region of Valparaíso . Valparaiso is also home of the National Congress . Built upon dozens of steep hillsides overlooking the Pacific Ocean , Valparaiso boasts a labyrinth of streets and cobblestone alleyways , embodyng a rich architectural and cultural legacy . eos
is also home of the National Congress . Built upon dozens of steep hillsides overlooking the Pacific Ocean , Valparaiso boasts a labyrinth of streets and cobblestone alleyways , embodyng a rich architectural and cultural legacy . Valparaiso is protected as a UNESCO World Heritage Site and Valparaiso is often considered to be one of Latin America 's most intriguing urban areas . eos
boasts a labyrinth of streets and cobblestone alleyways , embodyng a rich architectural and cultural legacy . Valparaiso is protected as a UNESCO World Heritage Site and Valparaiso is often considered to be one of Latin America 's most intriguing urban areas . In 2003 , the Chilean Congress declared Valparaiso to be ` ` Chile 's Cultural Capital '' and home for the nation 's new cultural ministry . eos
is protected as a UNESCO World Heritage Site and Valparaiso is often considered to be one of Latin America 's most intriguing urban areas . In 2003 , the Chilean Congress declared Valparaiso to be ` ` Chile 's Cultural Capital '' and home for the nation 's new cultural ministry . Although technically only Chile 's 6th largest city , with 263,499 inhabitants ( 2002 census ) , the Greater Valparaíso metropolitan area , including the neighboring resort city of Viña del Mar , is the second largest in the country ( 803,683 inhabitants ) . eos
is often considered to be one of Latin America 's most intriguing urban areas . In 2003 , the Chilean Congress declared Valparaiso to be ` ` Chile 's Cultural Capital '' and home for the nation 's new cultural ministry . Although technically only Chile 's 6th largest city , with 263,499 inhabitants ( 2002 census ) , the Greater Valparaíso metropolitan area , including the neighboring resort city of Viña del Mar , is the second largest in the country ( 803,683 inhabitants ) . eos
to be ` ` Chile 's Cultural Capital '' and home for the nation 's new cultural ministry . Although technically only Chile 's 6th largest city , with 263,499 inhabitants ( 2002 census ) , the Greater Valparaíso metropolitan area , including the neighboring resort city of Viña del Mar , is the second largest in the country ( 803,683 inhabitants ) . Valparaiso played an important geopolitical role in the second half of the 19th century , when Valparaiso served as a major stopover for ships traveling between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans by crossing the Straits of Magellan . eos
served as a major stopover for ships traveling between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans by crossing the Straits of Magellan . Always a magnet for European immigrants , Valparaiso mushroomed during its golden age , when Valparaiso was known by international sailors as ` ` Little San Francisco '' or ` ` The Jewel of the Pacific . '' Examples of Valparaiso former glory include Latin America 's oldest stock exchange , the continent 's first volunteer fire department , Chile 's first public library , and the oldest Spanish language newspaper in continuous publication in the world . eos
played an important geopolitical role in the second half of the 19th century , when Valparaiso served as a major stopover for ships traveling between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans by crossing the Straits of Magellan . Always a magnet for European immigrants , Valparaiso mushroomed during its golden age , when Valparaiso was known by international sailors as ` ` Little San Francisco '' or ` ` The Jewel of the Pacific . '' Examples of Valparaiso former glory include Latin America 's oldest stock exchange , the continent 's first volunteer fire department , Chile 's first public library , and the oldest Spanish language newspaper in continuous publication in the world . eos
mushroomed during its golden age , when Valparaiso was known by international sailors as ` ` Little San Francisco '' or ` ` The Jewel of the Pacific . '' Examples of Valparaiso former glory include Latin America 's oldest stock exchange , the continent 's first volunteer fire department , Chile 's first public library , and the oldest Spanish language newspaper in continuous publication in the world . The opening of the Panama Canal and reduction in ship traffic , dealt a staggering blow to Valparaiso , though Valparaiso has staged an impressive rennaissance in recent years . eos
was known by international sailors as ` ` Little San Francisco '' or ` ` The Jewel of the Pacific . '' Examples of Valparaiso former glory include Latin America 's oldest stock exchange , the continent 's first volunteer fire department , Chile 's first public library , and the oldest Spanish language newspaper in continuous publication in the world . The opening of the Panama Canal and reduction in ship traffic , dealt a staggering blow to Valparaiso , though Valparaiso has staged an impressive rennaissance in recent years . eos
former glory include Latin America 's oldest stock exchange , the continent 's first volunteer fire department , Chile 's first public library , and the oldest Spanish language newspaper in continuous publication in the world . The opening of the Panama Canal and reduction in ship traffic , dealt a staggering blow to Valparaiso , though Valparaiso has staged an impressive rennaissance in recent years . Valparaiso is located in central Chile , 120 km ( 74 miles ) to the northwest of the capital Santiago . eos
, though Valparaiso has staged an impressive rennaissance in recent years . Valparaiso is located in central Chile , 120 km ( 74 miles ) to the northwest of the capital Santiago . Valparaiso is an important educational center with nine universities . eos
has staged an impressive rennaissance in recent years . Valparaiso is located in central Chile , 120 km ( 74 miles ) to the northwest of the capital Santiago . Valparaiso is an important educational center with nine universities . eos
is located in central Chile , 120 km ( 74 miles ) to the northwest of the capital Santiago . Valparaiso is an important educational center with nine universities . Major industries include tourism , culture , and transport . eos
is an important educational center with nine universities . Major industries include tourism , culture , and transport . Valparaiso stages a major festival attended by hundreds of thousands of participants on the last three days of every year . eos
stages a major festival attended by hundreds of thousands of participants on the last three days of every year . The festival culminates with a ` ` New Year 's by the Sea '' fireworks show , attended by a million tourists who fill the coastline and hillsides with a view of the bay . Approximately 50 international cruise ships call on Valparaiso during the 4-month Chilean summer . eos
during the 4-month Chilean summer . The port of Valparaiso is also an important hub for shipping of container freight , and exports of wine , copper , and fresh fruit . Travel between Valparaiso and Santiago currently takes some 70 minutes on a state - of - the - art toll road . eos
is also an important hub for shipping of container freight , and exports of wine , copper , and fresh fruit . Travel between Valparaiso and Santiago currently takes some 70 minutes on a state - of - the - art toll road . The Chilean Congress meets in a modern building in the Almendral section of Valparaiso , after relocation from Santiago during the last years of the military rule of general Augusto Pinochet . eos
and Santiago currently takes some 70 minutes on a state - of - the - art toll road . The Chilean Congress meets in a modern building in the Almendral section of Valparaiso , after relocation from Santiago during the last years of the military rule of general Augusto Pinochet . Although congressional activities were to be legally moved by a ruling in 1987 , the newly built site only began to function as the seat of Congress during the democratically - elected government of Patricio Aylwin , who followed Pinochet , in 1990 . eos
, after relocation from Santiago during the last years of the military rule of general Augusto Pinochet . Although congressional activities were to be legally moved by a ruling in 1987 , the newly built site only began to function as the seat of Congress during the democratically - elected government of Patricio Aylwin , who followed Pinochet , in 1990 . The historic quarter of Valparaiso was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2003 . eos
was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2003 . eos
, formally the State of the Vatican City ( Latin : Status Civitatis Vaticanae ; Italian : Stato della Città del Vaticano ) is a eos
territory consists of a walled enclave within the city of Rome . At approximately 44 hectares ( 108.7 acres ) , Vatican_City is the smallest independent nation in the world . See microstates . eos
is the smallest independent nation in the world . See microstates . Vatican_City was created in 1929 by the Lateran Treaty as a vestige of the much larger former Papal States ( AD 756 to 1870 ) . eos
was created in 1929 by the Lateran Treaty as a vestige of the much larger former Papal States ( AD 756 to 1870 ) . Although governed by the Bishop of Rome ( the Pope ) , the Vatican City is officially a monarchy . The highest state functionaries are all clergymen of the Catholic Church . eos
is the sovereign territory of the Holy See ( Latin : Sancta Sedes ) and the location of the Apostolic Palace - the Pope 's official residence - and the Roman Curia . Thus , although the principal ecclesiastical seat of the Holy See ( the Basilica of St. John Lateran ) is located outside of Vatican_City walls , in Rome , Vatican_City can be said to be the governmental capital of the Catholic Church . eos
walls , in Rome , Vatican_City can be said to be the governmental capital of the Catholic Church . eos
can be said to be the governmental capital of the Catholic Church . eos
( German : Wien "" IPA : "" viːn "" "" ) is the capital of Austria , and also one of the nine States of Austria . Vienna is Austria 's primate city ; with a population of about 1.6 million ( 2.2 million within the metro area ) , Vienna is by far the largest city in Austria as well as its cultural , economic and political centre . Vienna lies in the south - eastern corner of Central Europe and Vienna is close to the Czech Republic , Slovakia and Hungary . eos
is Austria 's primate city ; with a population of about 1.6 million ( 2.2 million within the metro area ) , Vienna is by far the largest city in Austria as well as its cultural , economic and political centre . Vienna lies in the south - eastern corner of Central Europe and Vienna is close to the Czech Republic , Slovakia and Hungary . Vienna is the seat of a number of United Nations offices and various international institutions and companies , including the United Nations Industrial Development Organization ( UNIDO ) , the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear - Test - Ban Treaty Organization ( CTBTO ) and the Organization for Security and Co - operation in Europe ( OSCE ) . eos
is by far the largest city in Austria as well as its cultural , economic and political centre . Vienna lies in the south - eastern corner of Central Europe and Vienna is close to the Czech Republic , Slovakia and Hungary . Vienna is the seat of a number of United Nations offices and various international institutions and companies , including the United Nations Industrial Development Organization ( UNIDO ) , the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear - Test - Ban Treaty Organization ( CTBTO ) and the Organization for Security and Co - operation in Europe ( OSCE ) . eos
lies in the south - eastern corner of Central Europe and Vienna is close to the Czech Republic , Slovakia and Hungary . Vienna is the seat of a number of United Nations offices and various international institutions and companies , including the United Nations Industrial Development Organization ( UNIDO ) , the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear - Test - Ban Treaty Organization ( CTBTO ) and the Organization for Security and Co - operation in Europe ( OSCE ) . Furthermore , the 1980 Diplomatic Conference was held in Vienna that led to the adoption of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods . eos
is close to the Czech Republic , Slovakia and Hungary . Vienna is the seat of a number of United Nations offices and various international institutions and companies , including the United Nations Industrial Development Organization ( UNIDO ) , the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear - Test - Ban Treaty Organization ( CTBTO ) and the Organization for Security and Co - operation in Europe ( OSCE ) . Furthermore , the 1980 Diplomatic Conference was held in Vienna that led to the adoption of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods . eos
is the seat of a number of United Nations offices and various international institutions and companies , including the United Nations Industrial Development Organization ( UNIDO ) , the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear - Test - Ban Treaty Organization ( CTBTO ) and the Organization for Security and Co - operation in Europe ( OSCE ) . Furthermore , the 1980 Diplomatic Conference was held in Vienna that led to the adoption of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods . Additionally , Vienna is the seat of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law 's secretariat ( UNCITRAL ) . eos
that led to the adoption of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods . Additionally , Vienna is the seat of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law 's secretariat ( UNCITRAL ) . eos
is the seat of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law 's secretariat ( UNCITRAL ) . eos
( vyen ty n , Lao ວຽງຈັນ Viangchan ) is the capital city of Laos , situated in the Mekong Valley . The estimated population of Vientiane is 200,000 ( 2005 ) while the number of people living in the Vientiane metropolitan area ( the entire Vientiane Prefecture and parts of Vientiane Province ) is believed to be over 730,000 . Vientiane is located at 17 ° 58 ' North , 102 ° 36 ' East ( 17.9667 , 102.6 ) . eos
is 200,000 ( 2005 ) while the number of people living in the Vientiane metropolitan area ( the entire Vientiane Prefecture and parts of Vientiane Province ) is believed to be over 730,000 . Vientiane is located at 17 ° 58 ' North , 102 ° 36 ' East ( 17.9667 , 102.6 ) . eos
is located at 17 ° 58 ' North , 102 ° 36 ' East ( 17.9667 , 102.6 ) . eos
( "" Polish : Warszawa "" , "" varˈʂava "" , in full The Capital City of Warsaw , Polish : Miasto Stołeczne Warszawa ) is the capital of Poland and its largest city . eos
is located on the Vistula river roughly 370 km from both the Baltic Sea coast and the Carpathian Mountains . Warsaw population as of 2005 was estimated at 1,697,596 , with a metropolitan area of approximately 2,879,000 . The city area amounts to 516.9 km ² , with an agglomeration of 6100.43 km ² ( Warsaw Metro Area - Obszar Metropolitalny Warszawy ) . eos
population as of 2005 was estimated at 1,697,596 , with a metropolitan area of approximately 2,879,000 . The city area amounts to 516.9 km ² , with an agglomeration of 6100.43 km ² ( Warsaw Metro Area - Obszar Metropolitalny Warszawy ) . Warsaw , also the capital of the Masovian Voivodeship , is home to many industries , including manufacturing , steel , electrical engineering , and automotive ; Warsaw features 66 institutions of higher learning , including Warsaw University , Stefan Wyszyński University , Warsaw University of Technology , Warsaw School of Economics , and a Medical Academy . eos
, also the capital of the Masovian Voivodeship , is home to many industries , including manufacturing , steel , electrical engineering , and automotive ; Warsaw features 66 institutions of higher learning , including Warsaw University , Stefan Wyszyński University , Warsaw University of Technology , Warsaw School of Economics , and a Medical Academy . Warsaw is home to over 30 theatres , including the National Theatre and Opera and the National Philharmonic Orchestra . Warsaw is internationally notable for giving its name to the Warsaw Pact , Warsaw Convention and the Treaty of Warsaw . eos
features 66 institutions of higher learning , including Warsaw University , Stefan Wyszyński University , Warsaw University of Technology , Warsaw School of Economics , and a Medical Academy . Warsaw is home to over 30 theatres , including the National Theatre and Opera and the National Philharmonic Orchestra . Warsaw is internationally notable for giving its name to the Warsaw Pact , Warsaw Convention and the Treaty of Warsaw . eos
is home to over 30 theatres , including the National Theatre and Opera and the National Philharmonic Orchestra . Warsaw is internationally notable for giving its name to the Warsaw Pact , Warsaw Convention and the Treaty of Warsaw . eos
is internationally notable for giving its name to the Warsaw Pact , Warsaw Convention and the Treaty of Warsaw . eos
, is the capital city of the United States of America . ` ` DC '' stands for the District of Columbia , the federal district coextensive with Washington_DC . Washington_DC is named after George Washington , military leader of the American Revolution and the first President of the United States . eos
. Washington_DC is named after George Washington , military leader of the American Revolution and the first President of the United States . The District of Columbia and the city of Washington are coextensive and are governed by a single municipal government , so for most practical purposes they are considered to be the same entity , though this was not always the case . eos
is named after George Washington , military leader of the American Revolution and the first President of the United States . The District of Columbia and the city of Washington are coextensive and are governed by a single municipal government , so for most practical purposes they are considered to be the same entity , though this was not always the case . As late as 1871 , there were multiple jurisdictions within Washington_DC , when Georgetown ceased to be a separate city within Washington_DC . eos
, when Georgetown ceased to be a separate city within Washington_DC . Although there is a municipal government and a mayor , Congress has the supreme authority over Washington_DC , which results in citizens having a different status and less representation in government than residents of the states . The centers of all three branches of the US federal government are in Washington_DC as well as the headquarters of most independent agencies . eos
. Although there is a municipal government and a mayor , Congress has the supreme authority over Washington_DC , which results in citizens having a different status and less representation in government than residents of the states . The centers of all three branches of the US federal government are in Washington_DC as well as the headquarters of most independent agencies . eos
, which results in citizens having a different status and less representation in government than residents of the states . The centers of all three branches of the US federal government are in Washington_DC as well as the headquarters of most independent agencies . Washington_DC serves as the headquarters for the World Bank , the International Monetary Fund , and the Organization of American States , and other national and international institutions . eos
as well as the headquarters of most independent agencies . Washington_DC serves as the headquarters for the World Bank , the International Monetary Fund , and the Organization of American States , and other national and international institutions . Washington_DC is the frequent location of large political demonstrations and protests , particularly on the National Mall . eos
serves as the headquarters for the World Bank , the International Monetary Fund , and the Organization of American States , and other national and international institutions . Washington_DC is the frequent location of large political demonstrations and protests , particularly on the National Mall . Washington_DC is the site of numerous national landmarks , monuments , and museums , and Washington_DC is a popular destination for tourists . eos
is the frequent location of large political demonstrations and protests , particularly on the National Mall . Washington_DC is the site of numerous national landmarks , monuments , and museums , and Washington_DC is a popular destination for tourists . Washington_DC is commonly known as DC , The District , or simply Washington . eos
is the site of numerous national landmarks , monuments , and museums , and Washington_DC is a popular destination for tourists . Washington_DC is commonly known as DC , The District , or simply Washington . Historically , Washington_DC was called the Federal City or Washington City . eos
is a popular destination for tourists . Washington_DC is commonly known as DC , The District , or simply Washington . Historically , Washington_DC was called the Federal City or Washington City . eos
is commonly known as DC , The District , or simply Washington . Historically , Washington_DC was called the Federal City or Washington City . Washington_DC is easily confused with the state of Washington , located in the Pacific Northwest - to avoid this , Washington_DC is often called simply DC , and the state referred to as ` ` Washington State . '' eos
was called the Federal City or Washington City . Washington_DC is easily confused with the state of Washington , located in the Pacific Northwest - to avoid this , Washington_DC is often called simply DC , and the state referred to as ` ` Washington State . '' The population of Washington_DC , as of 2005 US Census Bureau estimates , is 582,049 persons . eos
is easily confused with the state of Washington , located in the Pacific Northwest - to avoid this , Washington_DC is often called simply DC , and the state referred to as ` ` Washington State . '' The population of Washington_DC , as of 2005 US Census Bureau estimates , is 582,049 persons . The Baltimore - Washington Metropolitan Area surpasses 8 million persons . eos
is often called simply DC , and the state referred to as ` ` Washington State . '' The population of Washington_DC , as of 2005 US Census Bureau estimates , is 582,049 persons . The Baltimore - Washington Metropolitan Area surpasses 8 million persons . eos
, as of 2005 US Census Bureau estimates , is 582,049 persons . The Baltimore - Washington Metropolitan Area surpasses 8 million persons . If Washington_DC were a state , Washington_DC would rank last in area behind Rhode Island , 50th in population ahead of Wyoming , first in population density ahead of New Jersey , and 35th in Gross State Product . eos
were a state , Washington_DC would rank last in area behind Rhode Island , 50th in population ahead of Wyoming , first in population density ahead of New Jersey , and 35th in Gross State Product . eos
would rank last in area behind Rhode Island , 50th in population ahead of Wyoming , first in population density ahead of New Jersey , and 35th in Gross State Product . eos
is the largest city in the Federated States of Micronesia in the State of Chuuk . Weno located in the Western Central Pacific Ocean just north of the equator has Weno own airport , hotel accommodations , restaurants , and natural caves for divers . eos
located in the Western Central Pacific Ocean just north of the equator has Weno own airport , hotel accommodations , restaurants , and natural caves for divers . eos
own airport , hotel accommodations , restaurants , and natural caves for divers . eos
( pronounced ` ` Wind hook '' or German ` ` Windhuk '' ) is the capital of Namibia . Windhoek has a population of 230,000 and Windhoek is a major trade centre of sheep skins . eos
has a population of 230,000 and Windhoek is a major trade centre of sheep skins . Windhoek was originally the centre of a Nama chief , who defeated the Herero inhabitants of the region in the 19th century . Germany occupied the region in 1885 , and Windhoek became the seat of colonial rule in 1892 , as the capital of the colony of South - West Africa ( Deutsch - Südwestafrika ) . eos
is a major trade centre of sheep skins . Windhoek was originally the centre of a Nama chief , who defeated the Herero inhabitants of the region in the 19th century . Germany occupied the region in 1885 , and Windhoek became the seat of colonial rule in 1892 , as the capital of the colony of South - West Africa ( Deutsch - Südwestafrika ) . eos
was originally the centre of a Nama chief , who defeated the Herero inhabitants of the region in the 19th century . Germany occupied the region in 1885 , and Windhoek became the seat of colonial rule in 1892 , as the capital of the colony of South - West Africa ( Deutsch - Südwestafrika ) . During World War I , Windhoek was captured by South African troops and Windhoek became a British dominion . eos
became the seat of colonial rule in 1892 , as the capital of the colony of South - West Africa ( Deutsch - Südwestafrika ) . During World War I , Windhoek was captured by South African troops and Windhoek became a British dominion . Until the independence of Namibia was inaugurated in 1990 , Windhoek was recognized as the capital of South West Africa as administered by the South African government . eos
was captured by South African troops and Windhoek became a British dominion . Until the independence of Namibia was inaugurated in 1990 , Windhoek was recognized as the capital of South West Africa as administered by the South African government . Windhoek continues today as the capital of the Republic of Namibia . eos
became a British dominion . Until the independence of Namibia was inaugurated in 1990 , Windhoek was recognized as the capital of South West Africa as administered by the South African government . Windhoek continues today as the capital of the Republic of Namibia . eos
was recognized as the capital of South West Africa as administered by the South African government . Windhoek continues today as the capital of the Republic of Namibia . eos
continues today as the capital of the Republic of Namibia . eos
is the official capital city of Côte d'Ivoire . A city of 200,659 inhabitants as of 2005 , and located 240 kilometers north of Abidjan on rolling hills and plains , Yamoussoukro covers 3,500 km ² ( 1,351.3 mi ² ) and Yamoussoukro is coterminous with Yamoussoukro . Yamoussoukro is further split into four sub - prefectures : Attiégouakro , Didiévi , Tié - diékro and the Commune of Yamoussoukro , which contain 169 villages and hamlets . eos
covers 3,500 km ² ( 1,351.3 mi ² ) and Yamoussoukro is coterminous with Yamoussoukro . Yamoussoukro is further split into four sub - prefectures : Attiégouakro , Didiévi , Tié - diékro and the Commune of Yamoussoukro , which contain 169 villages and hamlets . The current governor of Yamoussoukro is N'Dri Koffi Apollinaire . eos
is coterminous with Yamoussoukro . Yamoussoukro is further split into four sub - prefectures : Attiégouakro , Didiévi , Tié - diékro and the Commune of Yamoussoukro , which contain 169 villages and hamlets . The current governor of Yamoussoukro is N'Dri Koffi Apollinaire . eos
. Yamoussoukro is further split into four sub - prefectures : Attiégouakro , Didiévi , Tié - diékro and the Commune of Yamoussoukro , which contain 169 villages and hamlets . The current governor of Yamoussoukro is N'Dri Koffi Apollinaire . eos
is further split into four sub - prefectures : Attiégouakro , Didiévi , Tié - diékro and the Commune of Yamoussoukro , which contain 169 villages and hamlets . The current governor of Yamoussoukro is N'Dri Koffi Apollinaire . eos
is N'Dri Koffi Apollinaire . eos
( "" Burmese : ရန ကုန မ ရုိ "" , population 4,082,000 ( 2005 census ) , formerly Rangoon ) , is the largest city of Myanmar ( formerly Burma ) and its former capital . Yangon is located at the convergence of the Yangon and Bago Rivers , and Yangon is about 30 km ( 19 mi ) away from the Gulf of Martaban . eos
is located at the convergence of the Yangon and Bago Rivers , and Yangon is about 30 km ( 19 mi ) away from the Gulf of Martaban . Yangon is located at 16 ° 48 ' North , 96 ° 09 ' East ( 16.8 , 96.15 ) , and Yangon standard time zone is UTC / GMT +6:30 hours . In november 2005 , the military junta began relocating the capital to Naypyidaw , Mandalay Division which was officially named as the new capital on 26 march 2006 . eos
is about 30 km ( 19 mi ) away from the Gulf of Martaban . Yangon is located at 16 ° 48 ' North , 96 ° 09 ' East ( 16.8 , 96.15 ) , and Yangon standard time zone is UTC / GMT +6:30 hours . In november 2005 , the military junta began relocating the capital to Naypyidaw , Mandalay Division which was officially named as the new capital on 26 march 2006 . eos
is located at 16 ° 48 ' North , 96 ° 09 ' East ( 16.8 , 96.15 ) , and Yangon standard time zone is UTC / GMT +6:30 hours . In november 2005 , the military junta began relocating the capital to Naypyidaw , Mandalay Division which was officially named as the new capital on 26 march 2006 . As compared to other major cities in Southeast Asia , Yangon is relatively undeveloped . eos
standard time zone is UTC / GMT +6:30 hours . In november 2005 , the military junta began relocating the capital to Naypyidaw , Mandalay Division which was officially named as the new capital on 26 march 2006 . As compared to other major cities in Southeast Asia , Yangon is relatively undeveloped . eos
is relatively undeveloped . Construction is booming , mostly through the influx of foreign investment ( from Singapore and China ) . Many multi - storied residential and commercial buildings ( taik ) have been reconstructed or remodelled throughout Downtown and the Greater Yangon areas . eos
has the largest number of colonial buildings in Southeast Asia today . Government offices inside colonial buildings ( eg High Court , City Hall , Bogyoke Market and General Hospital ) have been listed for renovation . New Towns eos
is a member of Asian Network of Major Cities 21 . eos
( Armenian : Երեւան or Երևան ; sometimes written as Erevan ; former names include Erebuni and Erivan ) ( population : 1,088,300 ( 2004 estimate ) ) is the largest city and capital of Armenia . eos
is situated on the Hrazdan River , at 40 ° 10 ` N , 44 ° 31 ` E , and Yerevan is the administrative , cultural , and industrial center of the country . eos
is the administrative , cultural , and industrial center of the country . The history of Yerevan dates back to the 8th century BC , with the founding of the Urartian fortress of Yerevan in 782 BC . eos
dates back to the 8th century BC , with the founding of the Urartian fortress of Yerevan in 782 BC . eos
in 782 BC . eos
( pronounced : "" IPA : "" ˈzɑgreb "" "" ) is the largest and capital city of Croatia . Zagreb is the cultural , scientific , economic , political and administrative center of the Republic of Croatia with the houses of Parliament , President and Government of the country . eos
is the cultural , scientific , economic , political and administrative center of the Republic of Croatia with the houses of Parliament , President and Government of the country . Zagreb population in 2001 was 779,145 . ( 1 088 841 in the metro area ) . eos
population in 2001 was 779,145 . ( 1 088 841 in the metro area ) . . eos
is situated between the southern slopes of the Medvednica mountains and the northern bank of the Sava river at an elevation of 120 m above sea level , located at 45 ° 48 ` N , 15 ° 58 ` E. Zagreb favourable geographic position in the southwestern part of the Pannonian Basin , which extends to the Alpine , Dinaric , Adriatic and Pannonian regions , provides an excellent connection for traffic between Central Europe and the Adriatic Sea . The transport connections , concentration of industry , scientific and research institutions and industrial tradition underlie Zagreb leading economic position in Croatia . Zagreb is the seat of the central government , administrative bodies and almost all government ministries . eos
favourable geographic position in the southwestern part of the Pannonian Basin , which extends to the Alpine , Dinaric , Adriatic and Pannonian regions , provides an excellent connection for traffic between Central Europe and the Adriatic Sea . The transport connections , concentration of industry , scientific and research institutions and industrial tradition underlie Zagreb leading economic position in Croatia . Zagreb is the seat of the central government , administrative bodies and almost all government ministries . eos
leading economic position in Croatia . Zagreb is the seat of the central government , administrative bodies and almost all government ministries . eos
is the seat of the central government , administrative bodies and almost all government ministries . eos
( German IPA : "" IPA : / ˈtsyːʁɪç / "" , in Zürich German Züri "" IPA : "" ˈtsyri "" "" ; in English often Zurich ) is the largest city in Switzerland ( population : 366,145 in 2004 ; population of urban area : 1,091,732 ) and capital of the canton of Zürich . The metropolitan population is around 1.3 million . eos
is Switzerland 's main commercial and cultural centre ( the political capital of Switzerland being Bern ) , and Zurich is widely considered to be one of the world 's global cities . According to a survey in 2006 , Zurich is the city with the best quality of life in the world . The origin of the name is probably the Celtic word Turus , a corroborating reference to which was found on a tomb inscription dating from the Roman occupation in the 2nd century ; the antique name of Zurich in its romanized form was Turicum . eos
is widely considered to be one of the world 's global cities . According to a survey in 2006 , Zurich is the city with the best quality of life in the world . The origin of the name is probably the Celtic word Turus , a corroborating reference to which was found on a tomb inscription dating from the Roman occupation in the 2nd century ; the antique name of Zurich in its romanized form was Turicum . eos
is the city with the best quality of life in the world . The origin of the name is probably the Celtic word Turus , a corroborating reference to which was found on a tomb inscription dating from the Roman occupation in the 2nd century ; the antique name of Zurich in its romanized form was Turicum . eos
in its romanized form was Turicum . eos
are two areas on the island of Cyprus Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia comprise the Sovereign Base Areas Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom . Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia were retained by the UK following the transition of Cyprus ' status from a colony in the British Empire to an independent Commonwealth republic within the Commonwealth of Nations . The United Kingdom retained Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia arising from the strategic location of Cyprus in the Mediterranean Sea . eos
comprise the Sovereign Base Areas Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom . Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia were retained by the UK following the transition of Cyprus ' status from a colony in the British Empire to an independent Commonwealth republic within the Commonwealth of Nations . The United Kingdom retained Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia arising from the strategic location of Cyprus in the Mediterranean Sea . eos
were retained by the UK following the transition of Cyprus ' status from a colony in the British Empire to an independent Commonwealth republic within the Commonwealth of Nations . The United Kingdom retained Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia arising from the strategic location of Cyprus in the Mediterranean Sea . Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia are split into Akrotiri eos
arising from the strategic location of Cyprus in the Mediterranean Sea . Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia are split into Akrotiri ( Greek : Ακρωτήρι ; Turkish : eos
are split into Akrotiri ( Greek : Ακρωτήρι ; Turkish : Agrotur , along with Episkopi Garrison , is part of an area known as the Western Sovereign Base Area or WSBA ) and Dhekelia ( Greek : Δεκέλεια ; eos
( Arabic : الجزائر IPA "" IPA : "" ɛlʤɛˈzɛːʔir "" "" , Berber ( Tamazight ) : Lz̦ayer "" IPA : "" ldzæjər "" "" ) , eos
is bordered by Tunisia in the northeast , Libya in the east , Niger in the southeast , Mali and Mauritania in the southwest , and Morocco as well as a few kilometers of Algeria annexed territory , Western Sahara , in the west . Constitutionally , Algeria is defined as an Islamic , Arab , and Amazigh ( Berber ) country . eos
annexed territory , Western Sahara , in the west . Constitutionally , Algeria is defined as an Islamic , Arab , and Amazigh ( Berber ) country . The name Algeria is derived from the name of the city of Algiers ( French Alger ) , from the Arabic word al - jazā ' ir , which translates as the islands , referring to the four islands which lay off that city 's coast until becoming part of the mainland in 1525 ; al - jazā ' ir is itself short for the older name jazā ' ir banī mazghannā , ` ` the islands of ( the tribe ) eos
is defined as an Islamic , Arab , and Amazigh ( Berber ) country . The name Algeria is derived from the name of the city of Algiers ( French Alger ) , from the Arabic word al - jazā ' ir , which translates as the islands , referring to the four islands which lay off that city 's coast until becoming part of the mainland in 1525 ; al - jazā ' ir is itself short for the older name jazā ' ir banī mazghannā , ` ` the islands of ( the tribe ) Bani Mazghanna '' , used by early medieval geographers such as al - Idrisi and Yaqut al - Hamawi . eos
( "" Catalan : Principat d'Andorra "" , "" French : Principauté d'Andorre "" , "" Spanish : Principado de Andorra "" ) is a small landlocked principality in southwestern Europe , located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by France and Spain . Once isolated , Andorra is currently a prosperous country mainly because of tourism and Andorra status as a tax haven . eos
is currently a prosperous country mainly because of tourism and Andorra status as a tax haven . Andorra has the highest life expectancy in the world , at 83.51 years . Andorra is not to be confused with the comune of Andora in Italy . eos
status as a tax haven . Andorra has the highest life expectancy in the world , at 83.51 years . Andorra is not to be confused with the comune of Andora in Italy . eos
has the highest life expectancy in the world , at 83.51 years . Andorra is not to be confused with the comune of Andora in Italy . Andorra has no military force of Andorra own ; Andorra defense is the responsibility of Spain and France . eos
is not to be confused with the comune of Andora in Italy . Andorra has no military force of Andorra own ; Andorra defense is the responsibility of Spain and France . eos
has no military force of Andorra own ; Andorra defense is the responsibility of Spain and France . eos
own ; Andorra defense is the responsibility of Spain and France . eos
defense is the responsibility of Spain and France . eos
is a country in south - central Africa bordering Namibia , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , and Zambia , and with a west coast along the Atlantic Ocean . The exclave province Cabinda has a border with Republic of the Congo . A former Portuguese colony , Angola has considerable natural resources , among which oil and diamonds are the most significant . eos
has considerable natural resources , among which oil and diamonds are the most significant . Angola is nominally a democracy and Angola is formally named the Republic of Angola ( "" Portuguese : República de Angola "" , pronounced "" IPA : eos
is nominally a democracy and Angola is formally named the Republic of Angola ( "" Portuguese : República de Angola "" , pronounced "" IPA : ʁɛpuβlikɐdɨɐ̃ɣɔlɐ "" ) . eos
is formally named the Republic of Angola ( "" Portuguese : República de Angola "" , pronounced "" IPA : ʁɛpuβlikɐdɨɐ̃ɣɔlɐ "" ) . eos
is a 32 km long island of the Lesser Antilles in the Caribbean Sea , 27 km north of the Paraguaná Peninsula , Falcón State , Venezuela , and Aruba forms a part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . Unlike much of the Caribbean region , Aruba has a dry climate and an arid , cactus - strewn landscape . This climate has helped tourism as visitors to Aruba can reliably expect warm , sunny weather . eos
forms a part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . Unlike much of the Caribbean region , Aruba has a dry climate and an arid , cactus - strewn landscape . This climate has helped tourism as visitors to Aruba can reliably expect warm , sunny weather . eos
has a dry climate and an arid , cactus - strewn landscape . This climate has helped tourism as visitors to Aruba can reliably expect warm , sunny weather . Aruba has a land area of 193 km ² . eos
can reliably expect warm , sunny weather . Aruba has a land area of 193 km ² . eos
has a land area of 193 km ² . eos
is an island in the South Atlantic Ocean , around 1,000 miles ( 1,600 km ) from the coast of Africa . Ascension_Island is a dependency of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena , which is 800 miles ( 1,287 km ) to the south east . Ascension_Island is named after the day of Ascension_Island recorded discovery , Ascension Day . eos
is a dependency of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena , which is 800 miles ( 1,287 km ) to the south east . Ascension_Island is named after the day of Ascension_Island recorded discovery , Ascension Day . Ascension_Island is known as the location of Wideawake Airfield , which is a joint facility of the Royal Air Force and the United States Air Force . eos
is named after the day of Ascension_Island recorded discovery , Ascension Day . Ascension_Island is known as the location of Wideawake Airfield , which is a joint facility of the Royal Air Force and the United States Air Force . Ascension_Island was used extensively by the British military during the Falklands War . eos
recorded discovery , Ascension Day . Ascension_Island is known as the location of Wideawake Airfield , which is a joint facility of the Royal Air Force and the United States Air Force . Ascension_Island was used extensively by the British military during the Falklands War . eos
is known as the location of Wideawake Airfield , which is a joint facility of the Royal Air Force and the United States Air Force . Ascension_Island was used extensively by the British military during the Falklands War . Ascension_Island hosts one of three ground antennas ( others are on Kwajalein and Diego Garcia ) that assist in the operation of the Global Positioning System ( GPS ) navigational system . eos
was used extensively by the British military during the Falklands War . Ascension_Island hosts one of three ground antennas ( others are on Kwajalein and Diego Garcia ) that assist in the operation of the Global Positioning System ( GPS ) navigational system . Ascension_Island does not have Ascension_Island own flag or coat of arms , with the Union Flag ; and Royal Coat of Arms of the United Kingdom used instead . eos
hosts one of three ground antennas ( others are on Kwajalein and Diego Garcia ) that assist in the operation of the Global Positioning System ( GPS ) navigational system . Ascension_Island does not have Ascension_Island own flag or coat of arms , with the Union Flag ; and Royal Coat of Arms of the United Kingdom used instead . eos
does not have Ascension_Island own flag or coat of arms , with the Union Flag ; and Royal Coat of Arms of the United Kingdom used instead . eos
own flag or coat of arms , with the Union Flag ; and Royal Coat of Arms of the United Kingdom used instead . eos
are two groups of small low - lying uninhabited tropical islands in the Indian Ocean situated on the edge of the continental shelf north - west of Australia and south of the Indonesian island of Roti at 12 ° 14 'S , 123 ° 5 ` E. eos
, officially the Commonwealth of Australia , is a country in the Southern Hemisphere comprising the mainland of the world 's smallest continent and a number of islands in the Southern , Indian , and Pacific Oceans . Neighbouring countries include Indonesia , East Timor and Papua New Guinea to the north , the Solomon Islands , Vanuatu and the French dependency of New Caledonia to the northeast , and New Zealand to the southeast . The mainland of the continent of Australia has been inhabited for more than 42,000 years by Indigenous Australians . eos
was formed . Since federation , Australia has maintained a stable liberal democratic political system and Australia remains a Commonwealth Realm . The capital city is Canberra , located in the Australian Capital Territory . eos
has maintained a stable liberal democratic political system and Australia remains a Commonwealth Realm . The capital city is Canberra , located in the Australian Capital Territory . The current national population is around 20.6 million people , and is concentrated mainly in the large coastal cities of Sydney , Melbourne , Brisbane , Perth , and Adelaide . eos
remains a Commonwealth Realm . The capital city is Canberra , located in the Australian Capital Territory . The current national population is around 20.6 million people , and is concentrated mainly in the large coastal cities of Sydney , Melbourne , Brisbane , Perth , and Adelaide . eos
( "" German : Österreich "" , "" Czech : Rakousko "" , eos
borders Germany and the Czech Republic to the north , Slovakia and Hungary to the east , Slovenia and Italy to the south , and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west . Austria capital city is Vienna . Austria is a parliamentary representative democracy consisting of nine federal states and Austria is one of six European countries that have declared permanent neutrality and one of the few countries that included the concept of everlasting neutrality in their constitution . eos
capital city is Vienna . Austria is a parliamentary representative democracy consisting of nine federal states and Austria is one of six European countries that have declared permanent neutrality and one of the few countries that included the concept of everlasting neutrality in their constitution . Austria is a member of the United Nations and the European Union since 1995 . eos
is a parliamentary representative democracy consisting of nine federal states and Austria is one of six European countries that have declared permanent neutrality and one of the few countries that included the concept of everlasting neutrality in their constitution . Austria is a member of the United Nations and the European Union since 1995 . eos
is one of six European countries that have declared permanent neutrality and one of the few countries that included the concept of everlasting neutrality in their constitution . Austria is a member of the United Nations and the European Union since 1995 . eos
is a member of the United Nations and the European Union since 1995 . eos
( "" IPA : ɑ : zəbai ` ʤɑ : n "" ; Azerbaijani : Azərbaycan ) , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan ( Azerbaijani : Azərbaycan Respublikası ) , is a country in the South Caucasus . eos
is bounded by the Caspian Sea to the east , Russia to the north , Georgia to the northwest , Armenia to the west , and Iran to the south . The Nakhichevan Autonomous Republic ( an exclave of Azerbaijan ) borders Armenia to the north and east , Iran to the south and west , and Turkey to the northwest . The Nagorno - Karabakh region in the southwest of Azerbaijan declared itself independent from Azerbaijan in 1991 , but it is not recognized by any nation . eos
) borders Armenia to the north and east , Iran to the south and west , and Turkey to the northwest . The Nagorno - Karabakh region in the southwest of Azerbaijan declared itself independent from Azerbaijan in 1991 , but it is not recognized by any nation . Azerbaijan is a secular state , and Azerbaijan has been a member of the Council of Europe since 2001 . eos
declared itself independent from Azerbaijan in 1991 , but it is not recognized by any nation . Azerbaijan is a secular state , and Azerbaijan has been a member of the Council of Europe since 2001 . The Azerbaijani people ( or simply Azeris ) are the majority population , most of whom are traditionally adherents of Shi'a Islam . eos
in 1991 , but it is not recognized by any nation . Azerbaijan is a secular state , and Azerbaijan has been a member of the Council of Europe since 2001 . The Azerbaijani people ( or simply Azeris ) are the majority population , most of whom are traditionally adherents of Shi'a Islam . eos
is a secular state , and Azerbaijan has been a member of the Council of Europe since 2001 . The Azerbaijani people ( or simply Azeris ) are the majority population , most of whom are traditionally adherents of Shi'a Islam . Azerbaijan is formally an emerging democracy , however with strong authoritarian rule . eos
has been a member of the Council of Europe since 2001 . The Azerbaijani people ( or simply Azeris ) are the majority population , most of whom are traditionally adherents of Shi'a Islam . Azerbaijan is formally an emerging democracy , however with strong authoritarian rule . eos
is formally an emerging democracy , however with strong authoritarian rule . eos
, officially the Kingdom of Bahrain ( Arabic : مملكة البحرين ) , is a borderless island nation in the Persian Gulf ( Southwest Asia / Middle East , Asia ) . Saudi Arabia lies to the west and is connected to Bahrain by the King Fahd Causeway ( officially opened on november 25 , 1986 ) , and Qatar is to the south across the Persian Gulf . eos
by the King Fahd Causeway ( officially opened on november 25 , 1986 ) , and Qatar is to the south across the Persian Gulf . The Qatar - Bahrain Friendship Bridge , currently being planned , will link Bahrain to Qatar as the longest fixed link in the world . Bahrain is the smallest , in terms of population , Arab nation in the world , and the smallest Arab member of the United Nations . eos
to Qatar as the longest fixed link in the world . Bahrain is the smallest , in terms of population , Arab nation in the world , and the smallest Arab member of the United Nations . Bahrain is also the least populous country in mainland Asia ( but not of Asia overall , because Maldives and Brunei are smaller ) . eos
is the smallest , in terms of population , Arab nation in the world , and the smallest Arab member of the United Nations . Bahrain is also the least populous country in mainland Asia ( but not of Asia overall , because Maldives and Brunei are smaller ) . eos
is also the least populous country in mainland Asia ( but not of Asia overall , because Maldives and Brunei are smaller ) . eos
, officially the People 's Republic of Bangladesh , is a country in South Asia . Bangladesh is surrounded by India on all sides except for a small border with Myanmar to the far southeast and the Bay of Bengal to the south . Together with the Indian state of West Bengal , Bangladesh makes up the ethno - linguistic region of Bengal . eos
is surrounded by India on all sides except for a small border with Myanmar to the far southeast and the Bay of Bengal to the south . Together with the Indian state of West Bengal , Bangladesh makes up the ethno - linguistic region of Bengal . The name Bangladesh means ` ` Country of Bengal '' and is written as বাংলাদেশ and pronounced "" ` baŋlad̪eʃ "" in the official Bengali language . eos
makes up the ethno - linguistic region of Bengal . The name Bangladesh means ` ` Country of Bengal '' and is written as বাংলাদেশ and pronounced "" ` baŋlad̪eʃ "" in the official Bengali language . The borders of Bangladesh were set by the Partition of India in 1947 , when Bangladesh became the eastern wing of Pakistan ( East Pakistan ) , separated from the western wing by 1,600 km ( 1,000 miles ) . eos
were set by the Partition of India in 1947 , when Bangladesh became the eastern wing of Pakistan ( East Pakistan ) , separated from the western wing by 1,600 km ( 1,000 miles ) . Despite their common religion of Islam , the ethnic and linguistic gulf between the two wings , compounded by an apathetic government based in West Pakistan , resulted in the independence of Bangladesh under the leadership of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman in 1971 after the bloody Bangladesh Liberation War , in which Bangladesh was supported by India . The years following independence have been marked by political turmoil , with thirteen different heads of government , and at least four military coups . eos
became the eastern wing of Pakistan ( East Pakistan ) , separated from the western wing by 1,600 km ( 1,000 miles ) . Despite their common religion of Islam , the ethnic and linguistic gulf between the two wings , compounded by an apathetic government based in West Pakistan , resulted in the independence of Bangladesh under the leadership of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman in 1971 after the bloody Bangladesh Liberation War , in which Bangladesh was supported by India . The years following independence have been marked by political turmoil , with thirteen different heads of government , and at least four military coups . eos
under the leadership of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman in 1971 after the bloody Bangladesh Liberation War , in which Bangladesh was supported by India . The years following independence have been marked by political turmoil , with thirteen different heads of government , and at least four military coups . The population of Bangladesh ranks seventh in the world , but Bangladesh area of approximately 144,000 km ² is ranked ninety - fourth , making Bangladesh one of the most densely populated countries in the world , or the most densely populated country if small island nations or city - states are not included . eos
was supported by India . The years following independence have been marked by political turmoil , with thirteen different heads of government , and at least four military coups . The population of Bangladesh ranks seventh in the world , but Bangladesh area of approximately 144,000 km ² is ranked ninety - fourth , making Bangladesh one of the most densely populated countries in the world , or the most densely populated country if small island nations or city - states are not included . eos
one of the most densely populated countries in the world , or the most densely populated country if small island nations or city - states are not included . Bangladesh is the third largest Muslim - majority nation , but Bangladesh has a slightly smaller Muslim population than the Muslim minority in India . Geographically dominated by the fertile Ganges - Brahmaputra Delta , Bangladesh has annual monsoon floods , and cyclones are frequent . eos
ranks seventh in the world , but Bangladesh area of approximately 144,000 km ² is ranked ninety - fourth , making Bangladesh one of the most densely populated countries in the world , or the most densely populated country if small island nations or city - states are not included . Bangladesh is the third largest Muslim - majority nation , but Bangladesh has a slightly smaller Muslim population than the Muslim minority in India . Geographically dominated by the fertile Ganges - Brahmaputra Delta , Bangladesh has annual monsoon floods , and cyclones are frequent . eos
area of approximately 144,000 km ² is ranked ninety - fourth , making Bangladesh one of the most densely populated countries in the world , or the most densely populated country if small island nations or city - states are not included . Bangladesh is the third largest Muslim - majority nation , but Bangladesh has a slightly smaller Muslim population than the Muslim minority in India . Geographically dominated by the fertile Ganges - Brahmaputra Delta , Bangladesh has annual monsoon floods , and cyclones are frequent . eos
is the third largest Muslim - majority nation , but Bangladesh has a slightly smaller Muslim population than the Muslim minority in India . Geographically dominated by the fertile Ganges - Brahmaputra Delta , Bangladesh has annual monsoon floods , and cyclones are frequent . Bangladesh is one of the founding members of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation ( SAARC ) , BIMSTEC , and a member of the OIC and the D-8 . eos
has a slightly smaller Muslim population than the Muslim minority in India . Geographically dominated by the fertile Ganges - Brahmaputra Delta , Bangladesh has annual monsoon floods , and cyclones are frequent . Bangladesh is one of the founding members of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation ( SAARC ) , BIMSTEC , and a member of the OIC and the D-8 . eos
has annual monsoon floods , and cyclones are frequent . Bangladesh is one of the founding members of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation ( SAARC ) , BIMSTEC , and a member of the OIC and the D-8 . eos
is one of the founding members of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation ( SAARC ) , BIMSTEC , and a member of the OIC and the D-8 . eos
is an independent island nation located in the western Atlantic Ocean , just to the east of the Caribbean Sea , found at roughly 13 ° north of the Equator and 59 ° west of the Prime Meridian . Located relatively close to South America Barbados is around 434.5 kilometres ( 270 miles ) northeast of the South American nation of Venezuela . The closest island neighbours to Barbados are Saint Lucia and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines eos
is around 434.5 kilometres ( 270 miles ) northeast of the South American nation of Venezuela . The closest island neighbours to Barbados are Saint Lucia and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines both located to the west Trinidad and Tobago to the south and Grenada to the south - west . eos
are Saint Lucia and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines both located to the west Trinidad and Tobago to the south and Grenada to the south - west . Barbados is part of Lesser Antilles . eos
is part of Lesser Antilles . Barbados possesses a land area of around 430 square kilometres , ( 166 sq . mi ) , and Barbados is primarily low - lying , with some higher regions in Barbados interior . eos
possesses a land area of around 430 square kilometres , ( 166 sq . mi ) , and Barbados is primarily low - lying , with some higher regions in Barbados interior . The organic composition of Barbados is thought to be of non - volcanic origin and is predominantly composed of limestone - coral . eos
is primarily low - lying , with some higher regions in Barbados interior . The organic composition of Barbados is thought to be of non - volcanic origin and is predominantly composed of limestone - coral . Barbados atmosphere is sub - tropical with constant trade winds off the Atlantic Ocean and some undeveloped areas contain marshes and mangrove swamps . eos
interior . The organic composition of Barbados is thought to be of non - volcanic origin and is predominantly composed of limestone - coral . Barbados atmosphere is sub - tropical with constant trade winds off the Atlantic Ocean and some undeveloped areas contain marshes and mangrove swamps . eos
is thought to be of non - volcanic origin and is predominantly composed of limestone - coral . Barbados atmosphere is sub - tropical with constant trade winds off the Atlantic Ocean and some undeveloped areas contain marshes and mangrove swamps . Other parts of Barbados interior contributing Barbados agricultural sector are dotted with large sugarcane estates and wide gently sloping pastures with many good views down to the sea . eos
atmosphere is sub - tropical with constant trade winds off the Atlantic Ocean and some undeveloped areas contain marshes and mangrove swamps . Other parts of Barbados interior contributing Barbados agricultural sector are dotted with large sugarcane estates and wide gently sloping pastures with many good views down to the sea . Barbados has one of the highest standards of living and literacy rates in the developing world and , according to the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) , Barbados is currently the No . 4 most developed of all developing countries in the world . eos
interior contributing Barbados agricultural sector are dotted with large sugarcane estates and wide gently sloping pastures with many good views down to the sea . Barbados has one of the highest standards of living and literacy rates in the developing world and , according to the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) , Barbados is currently the No . 4 most developed of all developing countries in the world . Despite Barbados small geographical size , Barbados constantly ranks in the top 30 ( or 31 ) countries in the HDI ( Human Development Index ) rankings . eos
agricultural sector are dotted with large sugarcane estates and wide gently sloping pastures with many good views down to the sea . Barbados has one of the highest standards of living and literacy rates in the developing world and , according to the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) , Barbados is currently the No . 4 most developed of all developing countries in the world . Despite Barbados small geographical size , Barbados constantly ranks in the top 30 ( or 31 ) countries in the HDI ( Human Development Index ) rankings . eos
has one of the highest standards of living and literacy rates in the developing world and , according to the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) , Barbados is currently the No . 4 most developed of all developing countries in the world . Despite Barbados small geographical size , Barbados constantly ranks in the top 30 ( or 31 ) countries in the HDI ( Human Development Index ) rankings . Barbados is also a major tourist destination . eos
is currently the No . 4 most developed of all developing countries in the world . Despite Barbados small geographical size , Barbados constantly ranks in the top 30 ( or 31 ) countries in the HDI ( Human Development Index ) rankings . Barbados is also a major tourist destination . eos
small geographical size , Barbados constantly ranks in the top 30 ( or 31 ) countries in the HDI ( Human Development Index ) rankings . Barbados is also a major tourist destination . eos
constantly ranks in the top 30 ( or 31 ) countries in the HDI ( Human Development Index ) rankings . Barbados is also a major tourist destination . eos
is also a major tourist destination . eos
( Belarusian : Беларусь , ōacinka : eos
borders Russia , Ukraine , Poland , Lithuania , and Latvia . Belarus capital city is Minsk , and other important cities include Brest , Grodno , Gomel , Mogilev and Vitebsk . Throughout much of history , the area which is now known as Belarus was part of various countries including the Duchy of Polatsk , the Grand Duchy of Lithuania , Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth and the Russian Empire . eos
capital city is Minsk , and other important cities include Brest , Grodno , Gomel , Mogilev and Vitebsk . Throughout much of history , the area which is now known as Belarus was part of various countries including the Duchy of Polatsk , the Grand Duchy of Lithuania , Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth and the Russian Empire . Eventually , in 1922 , Belarus became a republic in the Soviet Union as the Byelorussian SSR . eos
became a republic in the Soviet Union as the Byelorussian SSR . Belarus officially declared Belarus sovereignty on 27 august 1990 , and following the collapse of the Soviet Union , Belarus declared independence as the Republic of Belarus on 25 august 1991 . Since 1994 , Alexander Lukashenko has been Belarus president . eos
officially declared Belarus sovereignty on 27 august 1990 , and following the collapse of the Soviet Union , Belarus declared independence as the Republic of Belarus on 25 august 1991 . Since 1994 , Alexander Lukashenko has been Belarus president . Belarus is currently in negotiations with neighboring Russia to integrate both of their economies , among other things , in a plan called the Union of Russia and Belarus . eos
sovereignty on 27 august 1990 , and following the collapse of the Soviet Union , Belarus declared independence as the Republic of Belarus on 25 august 1991 . Since 1994 , Alexander Lukashenko has been Belarus president . Belarus is currently in negotiations with neighboring Russia to integrate both of their economies , among other things , in a plan called the Union of Russia and Belarus . eos
declared independence as the Republic of Belarus on 25 august 1991 . Since 1994 , Alexander Lukashenko has been Belarus president . Belarus is currently in negotiations with neighboring Russia to integrate both of their economies , among other things , in a plan called the Union of Russia and Belarus . eos
president . Belarus is currently in negotiations with neighboring Russia to integrate both of their economies , among other things , in a plan called the Union of Russia and Belarus . Belarus continues to suffer from the effects of nuclear fallout from the 1986 Chernobyl accident , which took place in neighboring Ukraine . eos
is currently in negotiations with neighboring Russia to integrate both of their economies , among other things , in a plan called the Union of Russia and Belarus . Belarus continues to suffer from the effects of nuclear fallout from the 1986 Chernobyl accident , which took place in neighboring Ukraine . Officially , Belarus is known as the Republic of Belarus eos
continues to suffer from the effects of nuclear fallout from the 1986 Chernobyl accident , which took place in neighboring Ukraine . Officially , Belarus is known as the Republic of Belarus ( Belarusian : "" "" , ōacinka : Respublika Biełaruś ; Russian : "" "" , Respublika Belarus ) , while the short name is Belarus . eos
is known as the Republic of Belarus ( Belarusian : "" "" , ōacinka : Respublika Biełaruś ; Russian : "" "" , Respublika Belarus ) , while the short name is Belarus . Some consider the use of ` ` Belorussian '' derogatory , with its direct implication of russification . eos
( Dutch : Koninkrijk België ; French : Royaume de Belgique ; German : Königreich Belgien ) is a country in northwest Europe bordered by the Netherlands , Germany , Luxembourg and France and Belgium is one of the founding and core members of the European Union . Belgium has a population of over ten million people , in an area of around 30,000 square kilometres ( 11,700 square miles ) . eos
is one of the founding and core members of the European Union . Belgium has a population of over ten million people , in an area of around 30,000 square kilometres ( 11,700 square miles ) . eos
has a population of over ten million people , in an area of around 30,000 square kilometres ( 11,700 square miles ) . eos
, formerly known as British Honduras , is a small nation on the eastern coast of Central America on the Caribbean Sea bordered by Mexico to the northwest and Guatemala to the west and south . Belize is a parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy which recognizes Queen Elizabeth II as Sovereign . The name is shared by the Belize River , Belize longest river , and Belize City , the former capital and largest city . eos
is a parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy which recognizes Queen Elizabeth II as Sovereign . The name is shared by the Belize River , Belize longest river , and Belize City , the former capital and largest city . The only English - speaking country in Central America , Belize was a British colony for more than a century eos
longest river , and Belize City , the former capital and largest city . The only English - speaking country in Central America , Belize was a British colony for more than a century and Belize was known as British Honduras until 1973 . eos
was a British colony for more than a century and Belize was known as British Honduras until 1973 . Belize became an independent nation in 1981 . eos
was known as British Honduras until 1973 . Belize became an independent nation in 1981 . Belize is a member of the Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) and the Sistema de Integración Centroamericana ( SICA ) and Belize considers Belize to be culturally both Caribbean and Central American . eos
became an independent nation in 1981 . Belize is a member of the Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) and the Sistema de Integración Centroamericana ( SICA ) and Belize considers Belize to be culturally both Caribbean and Central American . Belize is the smallest ( in terms of population ) non - island sovereign state in the Americas . eos
is a member of the Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) and the Sistema de Integración Centroamericana ( SICA ) and Belize considers Belize to be culturally both Caribbean and Central American . Belize is the smallest ( in terms of population ) non - island sovereign state in the Americas . eos
considers Belize to be culturally both Caribbean and Central American . Belize is the smallest ( in terms of population ) non - island sovereign state in the Americas . eos
to be culturally both Caribbean and Central American . Belize is the smallest ( in terms of population ) non - island sovereign state in the Americas . eos
is the smallest ( in terms of population ) non - island sovereign state in the Americas . eos
, officially the Republic of Benin , is a country in Western Africa , formerly known as Dahomey ( until 1975 ) or Dahomania . Benin borders Togo to the west , Nigeria to the east and Burkina Faso and Niger to the north ; Benin short coastline to the south leads to the Bight of Benin . eos
borders Togo to the west , Nigeria to the east and Burkina Faso and Niger to the north ; Benin short coastline to the south leads to the Bight of Benin . Benin capital is Porto Novo , but the seat of government is Cotonou . eos
short coastline to the south leads to the Bight of Benin . Benin capital is Porto Novo , but the seat of government is Cotonou . eos
capital is Porto Novo , but the seat of government is Cotonou . eos
( alias , The Bermuda Islands formerly , The Somers Isles ) is an overseas territory of the United Kingdom in the North Atlantic Ocean , situated around 640 miles ( 975 km ) off the coast of the United States . The oldest remaining British overseas territory , Bermuda was settled by England a century before the Acts of Union , and two centuries before the creation of the United Kingdom . Although commonly referred to in the singular , Bermuda consists of around 138 islands , of total area 58.8 square kilometres ( 27.7 sq . eos
was settled by England a century before the Acts of Union , and two centuries before the creation of the United Kingdom . Although commonly referred to in the singular , Bermuda consists of around 138 islands , of total area 58.8 square kilometres ( 27.7 sq . mi ) . eos
consists of around 138 islands , of total area 58.8 square kilometres ( 27.7 sq . mi ) . Compiling a list of these islands is often complicated , as many have more than one name ( as does Bermuda , Bermuda , in addition to Bermuda two official names , has historically been known as La Garza , Virgineola , and the Isle of Devils ) . eos
, Bermuda , in addition to Bermuda two official names , has historically been known as La Garza , Virgineola , and the Isle of Devils ) . Despite the limited land mass , there has also been a tendency for place names to be repeated ( there are two Long Islands , for instance , and two Long Bays , and the town of St. George is located on the island and within the parish of St. George 's ) . The largest island , Main Island ( also called Bermuda , or Great Bermuda ) , is the location of the capital , the City of Hamilton ( which is in Pembroke Parish , and is often confused with Hamilton Parish ) . eos
, in addition to Bermuda two official names , has historically been known as La Garza , Virgineola , and the Isle of Devils ) . Despite the limited land mass , there has also been a tendency for place names to be repeated ( there are two Long Islands , for instance , and two Long Bays , and the town of St. George is located on the island and within the parish of St. George 's ) . The largest island , Main Island ( also called Bermuda , or Great Bermuda ) , is the location of the capital , the City of Hamilton ( which is in Pembroke Parish , and is often confused with Hamilton Parish ) . eos
two official names , has historically been known as La Garza , Virgineola , and the Isle of Devils ) . Despite the limited land mass , there has also been a tendency for place names to be repeated ( there are two Long Islands , for instance , and two Long Bays , and the town of St. George is located on the island and within the parish of St. George 's ) . The largest island , Main Island ( also called Bermuda , or Great Bermuda ) , is the location of the capital , the City of Hamilton ( which is in Pembroke Parish , and is often confused with Hamilton Parish ) . eos
has a thriving economy , with a large financial sector and tourism industry . Bermuda is blessed with a warm , tropical climate and beautiful beaches . Bermuda is one of the few islands in the world to boast pink sand and turquoise oceans . eos
is blessed with a warm , tropical climate and beautiful beaches . Bermuda is one of the few islands in the world to boast pink sand and turquoise oceans . eos
is one of the few islands in the world to boast pink sand and turquoise oceans . eos
( also Bootan ) ( "" IPA : buː ` tɑːn "" Listen ) is a landlocked South Asian nation situated between India and People 's Republic of China . Bhutan is mountainous except for an 8 - 10 mile ( 13 - 16 km ) wide strip of subtropical plains in the extreme south which is intersected by valleys known as the Duars . eos
is mountainous except for an 8 - 10 mile ( 13 - 16 km ) wide strip of subtropical plains in the extreme south which is intersected by valleys known as the Duars . The elevation gain from the subtropical plains to the glacier - covered Himalayan heights exceeds 23,000 feet ( 7,000 m ) . Bhutan traditional economy is based on forestry , animal husbandry and subsistence agriculture however these account for less than 50 % of a GDP now that Bhutan has become an exporter of hydroelectricity . eos
traditional economy is based on forestry , animal husbandry and subsistence agriculture however these account for less than 50 % of a GDP now that Bhutan has become an exporter of hydroelectricity . Cash crops , tourism , and development aid ( the latter mostly from India ) are also significant . An extensive census done in april , 2006 resulted in a population figure of 672,425 . eos
has become an exporter of hydroelectricity . Cash crops , tourism , and development aid ( the latter mostly from India ) are also significant . An extensive census done in april , 2006 resulted in a population figure of 672,425 . eos
is one of the most isolated nations in the world ; foreign influences and tourism are regulated by the government to preserve Bhutan traditional Tibetan Buddhist culture . Most Bhutanese follow either the Drukpa Kagyu or the Nyingmapa school of Tibetan Buddhism . The official language is Dzongkha ( lit . ` ` the language of the dzong '' ) . eos
traditional Tibetan Buddhist culture . Most Bhutanese follow either the Drukpa Kagyu or the Nyingmapa school of Tibetan Buddhism . The official language is Dzongkha ( lit . ` ` the language of the dzong '' ) . eos
is often described as the last surviving refuge of traditional Himalayan Buddhist culture . Bhutan is linked historically and culturally with Bhutan northern neighbor Tibet . Yet politically and economically today 's Bhutan has drawn much closer to India . eos
is linked historically and culturally with Bhutan northern neighbor Tibet . Yet politically and economically today 's Bhutan has drawn much closer to India . Bhutan has been a monarchy since 1907 . eos
northern neighbor Tibet . Yet politically and economically today 's Bhutan has drawn much closer to India . Bhutan has been a monarchy since 1907 . eos
has drawn much closer to India . Bhutan has been a monarchy since 1907 . The different dzongkhags were united under the leadership of the Trongsa Penlop . eos
has been a monarchy since 1907 . The different dzongkhags were united under the leadership of the Trongsa Penlop . The current king , Jigme Singye Wangchuck , has made some moves toward constitutional government . eos
, officially the Republic of Bolivia ( "" Spanish : República de Bolivia "" , IPA "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðe bo ` liβi̯a eos
is bordered by Brazil on the north and east , Paraguay and Argentina on the south , and Chile and Peru on the west . eos
, also known as the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina is a country on the Balkan peninsula of southern Europe with an area of 51,129 km ² ( 19,741 square miles ) , and an estimated population of around four million people . Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is known in the country 's official languages as Bosna i Hercegovina or Босна и Херцеговина ( in the Latin and Cyrillic alphabets respectively ) , although the name is commonly abbreviated to Bosnia , BIH ' , ` BiH or БиХ . eos
is known in the country 's official languages as Bosna i Hercegovina or Босна и Херцеговина ( in the Latin and Cyrillic alphabets respectively ) , although the name is commonly abbreviated to Bosnia , BIH ' , ` BiH or БиХ . Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is a homeland to three ethnic ` ` constituent peoples '' : Bosniaks , Serbs and Croats . eos
is a homeland to three ethnic ` ` constituent peoples '' : Bosniaks , Serbs and Croats . Regardless of ethnicity , a citizen of Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is often identified in English as a Bosnian . Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is decentralized and Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is administratively divided into two ` ` entities '' , the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Republika Srpska . eos
is often identified in English as a Bosnian . Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is decentralized and Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is administratively divided into two ` ` entities '' , the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Republika Srpska . Bordered by Croatia to the north , west and south , Serbia to the east , and Montenegro to the south , Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is landlocked , except for 20 km of the Adriatic Sea coastline , centered around the town of Neum . eos
is decentralized and Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is administratively divided into two ` ` entities '' , the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Republika Srpska . Bordered by Croatia to the north , west and south , Serbia to the east , and Montenegro to the south , Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is landlocked , except for 20 km of the Adriatic Sea coastline , centered around the town of Neum . The interior of Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is heavily mountainous and divided by various rivers , most of which are nonnavigable . eos
is administratively divided into two ` ` entities '' , the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Republika Srpska . Bordered by Croatia to the north , west and south , Serbia to the east , and Montenegro to the south , Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is landlocked , except for 20 km of the Adriatic Sea coastline , centered around the town of Neum . The interior of Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is heavily mountainous and divided by various rivers , most of which are nonnavigable . eos
is landlocked , except for 20 km of the Adriatic Sea coastline , centered around the town of Neum . The interior of Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is heavily mountainous and divided by various rivers , most of which are nonnavigable . Bosnia_and_Herzegovina capital and largest city is Sarajevo . eos
is heavily mountainous and divided by various rivers , most of which are nonnavigable . Bosnia_and_Herzegovina capital and largest city is Sarajevo . Formerly one of the six federal units constituting the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , Bosnia_and_Herzegovina gained Bosnia_and_Herzegovina independence during the Yugoslav wars of the 1990s . eos
capital and largest city is Sarajevo . Formerly one of the six federal units constituting the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , Bosnia_and_Herzegovina gained Bosnia_and_Herzegovina independence during the Yugoslav wars of the 1990s . As a result of the Dayton Accords Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is currently administered in a supervisory role by a High Representative selected by the Peace Implementaton Council . eos
gained Bosnia_and_Herzegovina independence during the Yugoslav wars of the 1990s . As a result of the Dayton Accords Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is currently administered in a supervisory role by a High Representative selected by the Peace Implementaton Council . More recently Bosnia_and_Herzegovina has acquired many central institutions ( such as ministry of defense , state court etc . ) eos
independence during the Yugoslav wars of the 1990s . As a result of the Dayton Accords Bosnia_and_Herzegovina is currently administered in a supervisory role by a High Representative selected by the Peace Implementaton Council . More recently Bosnia_and_Herzegovina has acquired many central institutions ( such as ministry of defense , state court etc . ) eos
is currently administered in a supervisory role by a High Representative selected by the Peace Implementaton Council . More recently Bosnia_and_Herzegovina has acquired many central institutions ( such as ministry of defense , state court etc . ) as Bosnia_and_Herzegovina takes the jurisdiction back from Bosnia_and_Herzegovina entities . eos
has acquired many central institutions ( such as ministry of defense , state court etc . ) as Bosnia_and_Herzegovina takes the jurisdiction back from Bosnia_and_Herzegovina entities . Bosnia itself is the chief geographic region of the modern state , with a moderate continental climate , consisting of hot summers and cold snowy winters . eos
takes the jurisdiction back from Bosnia_and_Herzegovina entities . Bosnia itself is the chief geographic region of the modern state , with a moderate continental climate , consisting of hot summers and cold snowy winters . Herzegovina is the southern tip of the country , known for its starkly Mediterranean climate and topography . eos
entities . Bosnia itself is the chief geographic region of the modern state , with a moderate continental climate , consisting of hot summers and cold snowy winters . Herzegovina is the southern tip of the country , known for its starkly Mediterranean climate and topography . eos
, officially the Republic of Botswana ( Tswana : Lefatshe la Botswana ) , is a landlocked nation in Southern Africa . Formerly the British protectorate of Bechuanaland , eos
adopted Botswana new name after becoming independent within the Commonwealth on september 30 , 1966 . Botswana is bordered by South Africa to the south and southeast , Namibia to the west , Zambia to the north , and Zimbabwe to the northeast . The economy , closely tied to South Africa 's , is predominated by mining ( especially diamonds ) , cattle , and tourism . eos
new name after becoming independent within the Commonwealth on september 30 , 1966 . Botswana is bordered by South Africa to the south and southeast , Namibia to the west , Zambia to the north , and Zimbabwe to the northeast . The economy , closely tied to South Africa 's , is predominated by mining ( especially diamonds ) , cattle , and tourism . eos
is bordered by South Africa to the south and southeast , Namibia to the west , Zambia to the north , and Zimbabwe to the northeast . The economy , closely tied to South Africa 's , is predominated by mining ( especially diamonds ) , cattle , and tourism . Botswana is named after Botswana largest ethnic group , the Tswana . eos
is named after Botswana largest ethnic group , the Tswana . eos
largest ethnic group , the Tswana . eos
( Norwegian : Bouvetøya ) is an uninhabited sub - antarctic volcanic island in the South Atlantic Ocean , south - southwest of the Cape of Good Hope ( South Africa ) . Bouvet_Island is a dependent area of Norway and Bouvet_Island is not subject to the Antarctic Treaty , as Bouvet_Island is north of the latitude below which claims are suspended . eos
is a dependent area of Norway and Bouvet_Island is not subject to the Antarctic Treaty , as Bouvet_Island is north of the latitude below which claims are suspended . eos
is not subject to the Antarctic Treaty , as Bouvet_Island is north of the latitude below which claims are suspended . eos
is north of the latitude below which claims are suspended . eos
, officially the Federative Republic of Brazil ( "" Portuguese : Brasil "" or "" Portuguese : República Federativa do Brasil "" , listen ) , is the largest and most populous country in South America , and fifth largest in the world in both area and population . eos
is also the second most populous country in the Western Hemisphere after the United States . Spanning a vast area between central South America and the Atlantic Ocean , Brazil is the easternmost country of America and Brazil borders Uruguay , Argentina , Paraguay , Bolivia , Peru , Colombia , Venezuela , Guyana , Suriname and the French department of French Guiana . In fact , Brazil borders every South American nation except for Ecuador and Chile . eos
is the easternmost country of America and Brazil borders Uruguay , Argentina , Paraguay , Bolivia , Peru , Colombia , Venezuela , Guyana , Suriname and the French department of French Guiana . In fact , Brazil borders every South American nation except for Ecuador and Chile . Brazil name is generally believed to be derived from pau - brasil ( brazilwood ) , a tree highly valued by early colonists , though some credit the name to a mythical land mentioned in Europe during Middle Ages . eos
borders Uruguay , Argentina , Paraguay , Bolivia , Peru , Colombia , Venezuela , Guyana , Suriname and the French department of French Guiana . In fact , Brazil borders every South American nation except for Ecuador and Chile . Brazil name is generally believed to be derived from pau - brasil ( brazilwood ) , a tree highly valued by early colonists , though some credit the name to a mythical land mentioned in Europe during Middle Ages . eos
borders every South American nation except for Ecuador and Chile . Brazil name is generally believed to be derived from pau - brasil ( brazilwood ) , a tree highly valued by early colonists , though some credit the name to a mythical land mentioned in Europe during Middle Ages . Brazil is home to both extensive agricultural lands and rain forests . eos
name is generally believed to be derived from pau - brasil ( brazilwood ) , a tree highly valued by early colonists , though some credit the name to a mythical land mentioned in Europe during Middle Ages . Brazil is home to both extensive agricultural lands and rain forests . Exploring vast natural resources and a large labor pool , Brazil is South America 's leading economic power and a regional leader . eos
is home to both extensive agricultural lands and rain forests . Exploring vast natural resources and a large labor pool , Brazil is South America 's leading economic power and a regional leader . Brazilian society is still heavily influenced by Portugal 's 300 year colonization . eos
is South America 's leading economic power and a regional leader . Brazilian society is still heavily influenced by Portugal 's 300 year colonization . Portuguese is the official language , and the Roman Catholic religion is adopted by most of Brazil people , with a number of adherents never seen in any other country . eos
people , with a number of adherents never seen in any other country . The population is composed mainly of descendants from European immigrants and Africans brought during the slavery times . In the late 19th and early 20th centuries , Brazil attracted well over 5 million European , Arab and Japanese immigrants . eos
attracted well over 5 million European , Arab and Japanese immigrants . That period also saw Brazil industrialise , further colonise , and develop Brazil interior . After declaring independence from Portugal in 1822 , Brazil became a monarchy until a military coup deposed the emperor and established a Republic in 1889 . eos
industrialise , further colonise , and develop Brazil interior . After declaring independence from Portugal in 1822 , Brazil became a monarchy until a military coup deposed the emperor and established a Republic in 1889 . Brazilian democracy was replaced by dictatorships three times - 1930 - 1934 and 1937 - 1945 under Getúlio Vargas , and 1964 - 1985 , under a succession of generals appointed by the military . eos
interior . After declaring independence from Portugal in 1822 , Brazil became a monarchy until a military coup deposed the emperor and established a Republic in 1889 . Brazilian democracy was replaced by dictatorships three times - 1930 - 1934 and 1937 - 1945 under Getúlio Vargas , and 1964 - 1985 , under a succession of generals appointed by the military . eos
became a monarchy until a military coup deposed the emperor and established a Republic in 1889 . Brazilian democracy was replaced by dictatorships three times - 1930 - 1934 and 1937 - 1945 under Getúlio Vargas , and 1964 - 1985 , under a succession of generals appointed by the military . In the 1980s the military regime ended and a new constitution was established , opening the way to the Brazilians ' return to democracy . eos
greatest challenge is to reactivate Brazil economy , which was once one of the most thriving in the world but had many problems in the last 20 - 30 years , while dealing with serious issues that plague many of Brazil inhabitants , like poverty , hunger and crime . eos
economy , which was once one of the most thriving in the world but had many problems in the last 20 - 30 years , while dealing with serious issues that plague many of Brazil inhabitants , like poverty , hunger and crime . eos
inhabitants , like poverty , hunger and crime . eos
( BVI ) is a British overseas territory , located in the Caribbean to the east of Puerto Rico . British_Virgin_Islands make up part of the Virgin Islands archipelago ( the remainder constituting the US Virgin Islands ; see also Spanish Virgin Islands ) . British_Virgin_Islands consist of the main islands of Tortola , Virgin Gorda , Anegada and Jost Van Dyke , along with over 50 other smaller islands and cays . eos
make up part of the Virgin Islands archipelago ( the remainder constituting the US Virgin Islands ; see also Spanish Virgin Islands ) . British_Virgin_Islands consist of the main islands of Tortola , Virgin Gorda , Anegada and Jost Van Dyke , along with over 50 other smaller islands and cays . Around 15 of British_Virgin_Islands are inhabited . eos
consist of the main islands of Tortola , Virgin Gorda , Anegada and Jost Van Dyke , along with over 50 other smaller islands and cays . Around 15 of British_Virgin_Islands are inhabited . The largest island , Tortola , is approximately 12 miles ( 19 km ) long and 3 miles ( 5 km ) wide . eos
are inhabited . The largest island , Tortola , is approximately 12 miles ( 19 km ) long and 3 miles ( 5 km ) wide . British_Virgin_Islands have a total population of about 22,000 . eos
have a total population of about 22,000 . Road Town , the capital , is situated on Tortola . eos
is a landlocked nation in West Africa . Burkina_Faso is surrounded by six countries : Mali to the north , Niger to the east , Benin to the south east , Togo and Ghana to the south , and Côte d'Ivoire to the south west . eos
is surrounded by six countries : Mali to the north , Niger to the east , Benin to the south east , Togo and Ghana to the south , and Côte d'Ivoire to the south west . Formerly the Republic of Upper Volta , Burkina_Faso was renamed on august 4 , 1984 by President Thomas Sankara to mean ` ` the land of upright people '' ( or ` ` upright land '' ) in Mossi and Dioula , the major native languages of Burkina_Faso . eos
was renamed on august 4 , 1984 by President Thomas Sankara to mean ` ` the land of upright people '' ( or ` ` upright land '' ) in Mossi and Dioula , the major native languages of Burkina_Faso . Independence from France came in 1960 . Governmental instability during the 1970s and 1980s was followed by multiparty elections in the early 1990s . eos
. Independence from France came in 1960 . Governmental instability during the 1970s and 1980s was followed by multiparty elections in the early 1990s . eos
are known as Burkinabè or Burkinabé ( pronounced "" IPA : "" burkiːnəˈbeː "" "" ) . eos
( IPA : "" IPA : / bəˈɹʊndɪ / "" ) , officially the Republic of Burundi , is a small country in the Great Lakes region of Africa . The former name was Urundi - Ubrundi - Bruwanda . eos
. Burundi is bordered by Rwanda on the north , Tanzania on the south and east , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the west . Although Burundi is landlocked , much of Burundi western border is adjacent to Lake Tanganyika . eos
is bordered by Rwanda on the north , Tanzania on the south and east , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the west . Although Burundi is landlocked , much of Burundi western border is adjacent to Lake Tanganyika . The Burundi modern name is derived from Burundi Bantu language , Kirundi . eos
is landlocked , much of Burundi western border is adjacent to Lake Tanganyika . The Burundi modern name is derived from Burundi Bantu language , Kirundi . Geographically isolated , facing population pressures and having sparse resources , Burundi is one of the poorest and most conflict - ridden countries in Africa and in the world . eos
western border is adjacent to Lake Tanganyika . The Burundi modern name is derived from Burundi Bantu language , Kirundi . Geographically isolated , facing population pressures and having sparse resources , Burundi is one of the poorest and most conflict - ridden countries in Africa and in the world . eos
modern name is derived from Burundi Bantu language , Kirundi . Geographically isolated , facing population pressures and having sparse resources , Burundi is one of the poorest and most conflict - ridden countries in Africa and in the world . Burundi small size belies the magnitude of the problems Burundi faces in reconciling the claims of the Tutsi minority with the Hutu majority . eos
Bantu language , Kirundi . Geographically isolated , facing population pressures and having sparse resources , Burundi is one of the poorest and most conflict - ridden countries in Africa and in the world . Burundi small size belies the magnitude of the problems Burundi faces in reconciling the claims of the Tutsi minority with the Hutu majority . eos
is one of the poorest and most conflict - ridden countries in Africa and in the world . Burundi small size belies the magnitude of the problems Burundi faces in reconciling the claims of the Tutsi minority with the Hutu majority . eos
faces in reconciling the claims of the Tutsi minority with the Hutu majority . eos
small size belies the magnitude of the problems Burundi faces in reconciling the claims of the Tutsi minority with the Hutu majority . eos
( Khmer : transliterated : Preăh Réachéanachâkr Kâmpŭchea ) is a country in Southeast Asia with a population of more than 13 million . Cambodia is the successor state of the once powerful Khmer Empire , which ruled most of the Indochinese Peninsula between the 11th and 14th centuries . eos
is the successor state of the once powerful Khmer Empire , which ruled most of the Indochinese Peninsula between the 11th and 14th centuries . A citizen of Cambodia is usually identified as ` ` Cambodian '' or ` ` Khmer '' , which is strictly refers to ethnic Khmers . Most Cambodians are Theravada Buddhists of Khmer extraction , but Cambodia also has a substantial number of predominantly Muslim Cham , as well as small hill tribes . eos
is usually identified as ` ` Cambodian '' or ` ` Khmer '' , which is strictly refers to ethnic Khmers . Most Cambodians are Theravada Buddhists of Khmer extraction , but Cambodia also has a substantial number of predominantly Muslim Cham , as well as small hill tribes . Cambodia shares a border with Thailand to Cambodia west and northwest , with Laos to Cambodia northeast , and with Vietnam to Cambodia east and southeast . eos
also has a substantial number of predominantly Muslim Cham , as well as small hill tribes . Cambodia shares a border with Thailand to Cambodia west and northwest , with Laos to Cambodia northeast , and with Vietnam to Cambodia east and southeast . In the south Cambodia faces the Gulf of Thailand . eos
shares a border with Thailand to Cambodia west and northwest , with Laos to Cambodia northeast , and with Vietnam to Cambodia east and southeast . In the south Cambodia faces the Gulf of Thailand . The geography of Cambodia is dominated by the Mekong river ( colloquial Khmer : eos
west and northwest , with Laos to Cambodia northeast , and with Vietnam to Cambodia east and southeast . In the south Cambodia faces the Gulf of Thailand . The geography of Cambodia is dominated by the Mekong river ( colloquial Khmer : eos
northeast , and with Vietnam to Cambodia east and southeast . In the south Cambodia faces the Gulf of Thailand . The geography of Cambodia is dominated by the Mekong river ( colloquial Khmer : eos
east and southeast . In the south Cambodia faces the Gulf of Thailand . The geography of Cambodia is dominated by the Mekong river ( colloquial Khmer : eos
faces the Gulf of Thailand . The geography of Cambodia is dominated by the Mekong river ( colloquial Khmer : Tonle Thom or ` ` the great river '' ) and the Tonlé Sap ( ` ` the fresh water river '' ) , an important source of fish . eos
is dominated by the Mekong river ( colloquial Khmer : Tonle Thom or ` ` the great river '' ) and the Tonlé Sap ( ` ` the fresh water river '' ) , an important source of fish . Cambodia low geography means much of Cambodia sits near to below sea level , and Cambodia main source of water from the Mekong reverses its water flow in the wet season into the neighbouring Tonle Sap River . eos
low geography means much of Cambodia sits near to below sea level , and Cambodia main source of water from the Mekong reverses its water flow in the wet season into the neighbouring Tonle Sap River . eos
sits near to below sea level , and Cambodia main source of water from the Mekong reverses its water flow in the wet season into the neighbouring Tonle Sap River . eos
main source of water from the Mekong reverses its water flow in the wet season into the neighbouring Tonle Sap River . eos
, officially the Republic of Cameroon , is a unitary republic of central Africa . Cameroon borders Nigeria , Chad , Central African Republic , Republic of Congo , Gabon , Equatorial Guinea and the Gulf of Guinea . Cameroon , a German colony at the time of World War I , was split among the French and British as war spoils after the defeat of Germany . eos
borders Nigeria , Chad , Central African Republic , Republic of Congo , Gabon , Equatorial Guinea and the Gulf of Guinea . Cameroon , a German colony at the time of World War I , was split among the French and British as war spoils after the defeat of Germany . In 1960 , French Cameroun became independent as the Republic of Cameroun , and merged with the southern part of British Cameroons in 1961 to form Cameroon . eos
, a German colony at the time of World War I , was split among the French and British as war spoils after the defeat of Germany . In 1960 , French Cameroun became independent as the Republic of Cameroun , and merged with the southern part of British Cameroons in 1961 to form Cameroon . It was renamed the United Republic of Cameroon in 1972 , and the Republic of Cameroon or "" French : eos
. It was renamed the United Republic of Cameroon in 1972 , and the Republic of Cameroon or "" French : République du Cameroun "" in 1984 ( Cameroon official languages are English and French ) . eos
official languages are English and French ) . Compared to other African countries , Cameroon enjoys relative political and social stability , which has in turn permitted the development of agriculture , roads , and railways , as well as an extensive petroleum industry . Despite movement toward political reform , however , power remains firmly in the hands of an ethnic oligarchy . eos
enjoys relative political and social stability , which has in turn permitted the development of agriculture , roads , and railways , as well as an extensive petroleum industry . Despite movement toward political reform , however , power remains firmly in the hands of an ethnic oligarchy . eos
( pronounced "" IPA : / ` kænədə / "" in English and "" IPA : / kanada / "" in French ) is the world 's second - largest country by total area , occupying most of northern North America . Extending from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean and northward into the Arctic Ocean , Canada shares land borders with the United States to the south and to the northwest . Inhabited first by Aboriginal peoples , Canada was founded as a union of British and former French colonies . eos
shares land borders with the United States to the south and to the northwest . Inhabited first by Aboriginal peoples , Canada was founded as a union of British and former French colonies . Canada gained independence from the United Kingdom in an incremental process that began in 1867 and ended in 1982 . eos
was founded as a union of British and former French colonies . Canada gained independence from the United Kingdom in an incremental process that began in 1867 and ended in 1982 . Canada is a federal constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy . eos
gained independence from the United Kingdom in an incremental process that began in 1867 and ended in 1982 . Canada is a federal constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy . Comprising ten provinces and three territories , Canada is a bilingual and multicultural nation , with both English and French as official languages at the federal level . eos
is a federal constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy . Comprising ten provinces and three territories , Canada is a bilingual and multicultural nation , with both English and French as official languages at the federal level . A technologically advanced and industrialized nation , Canada maintains a diversified economy heavily reliant on trade - particularly with the United States , with which Canada has had a long and complex relationship - and abundant natural resources . eos
is a bilingual and multicultural nation , with both English and French as official languages at the federal level . A technologically advanced and industrialized nation , Canada maintains a diversified economy heavily reliant on trade - particularly with the United States , with which Canada has had a long and complex relationship - and abundant natural resources . eos
maintains a diversified economy heavily reliant on trade - particularly with the United States , with which Canada has had a long and complex relationship - and abundant natural resources . eos
has had a long and complex relationship - and abundant natural resources . eos
or Cape Verde ( Portuguese : Cabo Verde , pron . eos
is named after Cap - Vert ( meaning Green Cape ) , now in Senegal , the westernmost point of continental Africa . eos
( "" French : République Centrafricaine "" IPA : "" IPA : / ʀepyblik sɑ̃tʀafʀikɛn / "" or Centrafrique "" IPA : eos
borders Chad in the north , Sudan on the east , the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the south , and Cameroon on the west . Most of Central_African_Republic consists of Sudano - Guinean savannas but Central_African_Republic also includes a Sahelo - Sudanese zone in the north and an Equatorial forest zone in the south . eos
consists of Sudano - Guinean savannas but Central_African_Republic also includes a Sahelo - Sudanese zone in the north and an Equatorial forest zone in the south . Two thirds of Central_African_Republic lies in the basins of the Ubangi river , which flows south into the Congo River , while the remaining third lies in the basin of the Shari river , which flows north into Lake Chad . eos
also includes a Sahelo - Sudanese zone in the north and an Equatorial forest zone in the south . Two thirds of Central_African_Republic lies in the basins of the Ubangi river , which flows south into the Congo River , while the remaining third lies in the basin of the Shari river , which flows north into Lake Chad . Since most of the territory is located in the Ubangi and Shari river basins , the French called the colony it carved out in this region Ubangi - Shari , or Oubangui - Chari in French . eos
lies in the basins of the Ubangi river , which flows south into the Congo River , while the remaining third lies in the basin of the Shari river , which flows north into Lake Chad . Since most of the territory is located in the Ubangi and Shari river basins , the French called the colony it carved out in this region Ubangi - Shari , or Oubangui - Chari in French . This French colony of Ubangi - Shari became a semi - autonomous territory of the French Community in 1958 and then an independent nation on 13 august 1960 . eos
was ruled by presidents who were not chosen in truly democratic elections or who took power by force . Local discontent was eventually reinforced by international pressure , following the end of the cold war . The first fair democratic elections were held in 1993 with resources provided by Central_African_Republic donors and help from the UN Office for Electoral Affairs . eos
donors and help from the UN Office for Electoral Affairs . They brought Ange - Félix Patassé to power , but President Patassé lost popular support and was overthrown by General François Bozizé in 2003 . General Bozizé won a democratic election in May 2005 and remains in power today . eos
is one of the poorest countries in the world and among the ten poorest countries in Africa . eos
( Arabic : تشاد , Tšad ; French : Tchad ) , officially the Republic of Chad , is a landlocked country in central Africa . Chad is listed by Foreign Policy as one of the world 's top 10 failed states . eos
is listed by Foreign Policy as one of the world 's top 10 failed states . Chad borders Libya to the north , Sudan to the east , the Central African Republic to the south , Cameroon and Nigeria to the southwest , and Niger to the west . Due to Chad distance from the sea and Chad largely desert climate , Chad is sometimes referred to as the ` ` dead heart of Africa '' . eos
borders Libya to the north , Sudan to the east , the Central African Republic to the south , Cameroon and Nigeria to the southwest , and Niger to the west . Due to Chad distance from the sea and Chad largely desert climate , Chad is sometimes referred to as the ` ` dead heart of Africa '' . In the north , Chad contains the Tibesti Mountains , the largest mountain chain in the Sahara desert . eos
distance from the sea and Chad largely desert climate , Chad is sometimes referred to as the ` ` dead heart of Africa '' . In the north , Chad contains the Tibesti Mountains , the largest mountain chain in the Sahara desert . Chad was formerly part of the Federation of French Equatorial Africa . eos
largely desert climate , Chad is sometimes referred to as the ` ` dead heart of Africa '' . In the north , Chad contains the Tibesti Mountains , the largest mountain chain in the Sahara desert . Chad was formerly part of the Federation of French Equatorial Africa . eos
is sometimes referred to as the ` ` dead heart of Africa '' . In the north , Chad contains the Tibesti Mountains , the largest mountain chain in the Sahara desert . Chad was formerly part of the Federation of French Equatorial Africa . eos
contains the Tibesti Mountains , the largest mountain chain in the Sahara desert . Chad was formerly part of the Federation of French Equatorial Africa . eos
was formerly part of the Federation of French Equatorial Africa . eos
is a small , non self - governing Territory of Australia located in the Indian Ocean , 2,360 km ( 1,466 miles ) northwest of Perth in Western Australia and 500 km ( 310 miles ) south of Jakarta , Indonesia . Christmas_Island maintains about 1,600 residents who live in a number of towns on the northern tip of the island : Flying Fish Cove ( The Settlement ) , Silver City , Kampong , Poon Saan , and Drumsite . Christmas_Island has a unique natural topography and Christmas_Island is of immense interest to scientists and naturalists due to the number of species of endemic flora and fauna which have evolved in isolation and undisturbed by human habitation . eos
maintains about 1,600 residents who live in a number of towns on the northern tip of the island : Flying Fish Cove ( The Settlement ) , Silver City , Kampong , Poon Saan , and Drumsite . Christmas_Island has a unique natural topography and Christmas_Island is of immense interest to scientists and naturalists due to the number of species of endemic flora and fauna which have evolved in isolation and undisturbed by human habitation . While there has been mining activity on Christmas_Island for many years , 65 percent of Christmas_Island 135 square kilometres ( 52.1 sq . eos
has a unique natural topography and Christmas_Island is of immense interest to scientists and naturalists due to the number of species of endemic flora and fauna which have evolved in isolation and undisturbed by human habitation . While there has been mining activity on Christmas_Island for many years , 65 percent of Christmas_Island 135 square kilometres ( 52.1 sq . mi ) eos
is of immense interest to scientists and naturalists due to the number of species of endemic flora and fauna which have evolved in isolation and undisturbed by human habitation . While there has been mining activity on Christmas_Island for many years , 65 percent of Christmas_Island 135 square kilometres ( 52.1 sq . mi ) eos
for many years , 65 percent of Christmas_Island 135 square kilometres ( 52.1 sq . mi ) are now National Park and there are large areas of pristine and ancient rainforest . eos
135 square kilometres ( 52.1 sq . mi ) are now National Park and there are large areas of pristine and ancient rainforest . eos
, also called Cocos Islands and Keeling Islands , is a territory of Australia . There are two atolls with 27 coral islands in the group . Cocos_Keeling_Islands are located in the Indian Ocean , about one - half of the way from Australia to Sri Lanka , at 12 ° 07 'S , 96 ° 54 ` E. eos
are located in the Indian Ocean , about one - half of the way from Australia to Sri Lanka , at 12 ° 07 'S , 96 ° 54 ` E. eos
, or formally , the Republic of Colombia ( Spanish : República de Colombia , IPA "" IPA : "" re ` puβ̞lika ð̞e ko ` lombja "" "" ) , is the northwesternmost country of South America . Colombia is bordered to the east by Venezuela and Brazil , to the south by Ecuador and Peru , to the North by the Atlantic Ocean , through the Caribbean Sea , and to the west by Panama and the Pacific Ocean . eos
is bordered to the east by Venezuela and Brazil , to the south by Ecuador and Peru , to the North by the Atlantic Ocean , through the Caribbean Sea , and to the west by Panama and the Pacific Ocean . Colombia is a large and physically diverse nation . Colombia is the fourth - largest country in South America ( after Brazil , Argentina , and Peru ) , with an area seven times greater than that of New England and more than twice that of France . eos
is a large and physically diverse nation . Colombia is the fourth - largest country in South America ( after Brazil , Argentina , and Peru ) , with an area seven times greater than that of New England and more than twice that of France . Colombia vast territory is one of great physical contrasts , ranging from the towering , snowcapped peaks of the Andes to the hot , humid plains of the Amazon River Basin . eos
is the fourth - largest country in South America ( after Brazil , Argentina , and Peru ) , with an area seven times greater than that of New England and more than twice that of France . Colombia vast territory is one of great physical contrasts , ranging from the towering , snowcapped peaks of the Andes to the hot , humid plains of the Amazon River Basin . Not only is Colombia large in area , but Colombia also has a large population , containing more people than any other South American country except Brazil . eos
vast territory is one of great physical contrasts , ranging from the towering , snowcapped peaks of the Andes to the hot , humid plains of the Amazon River Basin . Not only is Colombia large in area , but Colombia also has a large population , containing more people than any other South American country except Brazil . Colombia population is not evenly distributed . eos
large in area , but Colombia also has a large population , containing more people than any other South American country except Brazil . Colombia population is not evenly distributed . Most of the people live in the mountainous western third of Colombia , where Bogotá , the capital , and most of Colombia other large cities are located . eos
also has a large population , containing more people than any other South American country except Brazil . Colombia population is not evenly distributed . Most of the people live in the mountainous western third of Colombia , where Bogotá , the capital , and most of Colombia other large cities are located . eos
population is not evenly distributed . Most of the people live in the mountainous western third of Colombia , where Bogotá , the capital , and most of Colombia other large cities are located . Because this western region has a pleasant climate and rich soil , it is also where most agricultural activity takes place . eos
other large cities are located . Because this western region has a pleasant climate and rich soil , it is also where most agricultural activity takes place . Colombia currently suffers from a low intensity armed conflict involving rebel guerrilla groups , paramilitary militias , and drug trafficking , that started to develop since approximately 1964 or 1966 , which was when the FARC and later the ELN were founded and subsequently started their guerrilla insurgency campaigns against successive Colombian government administrations . eos
, where Bogotá , the capital , and most of Colombia other large cities are located . Because this western region has a pleasant climate and rich soil , it is also where most agricultural activity takes place . Colombia currently suffers from a low intensity armed conflict involving rebel guerrilla groups , paramilitary militias , and drug trafficking , that started to develop since approximately 1964 or 1966 , which was when the FARC and later the ELN were founded and subsequently started their guerrilla insurgency campaigns against successive Colombian government administrations . eos
currently suffers from a low intensity armed conflict involving rebel guerrilla groups , paramilitary militias , and drug trafficking , that started to develop since approximately 1964 or 1966 , which was when the FARC and later the ELN were founded and subsequently started their guerrilla insurgency campaigns against successive Colombian government administrations . eos
( IPA : "" IPA : "" kəˡmɔːɹəʊz "" "" ) , officially the Union of the Comoros ( "" French : Union des Comores "" , "" IPA : "" ynjɔ̃ de kɔmɔʀ "" "" ; "" Arabic : اتحاد القمر "" , "" IPA : "" ʔitːiˡħæːd ælˈqɒmær "" "" , and until 2002 the Islamic Federal Republic of the Comoros ) , is a country in the Indian Ocean , situated at the northern end of the Mozambique Channel between northern Madagascar and northern Mozambique . Comoros consists of three of the four main islands in the volcanic Comoros archipelago : Grande Comore , Mohéli and Anjouan . eos
consists of three of the four main islands in the volcanic Comoros archipelago : Grande Comore , Mohéli and Anjouan . The fourth island in the island group , Mayotte , is not part of Comoros . Mayotte has voted against independence from France , but is claimed by Comoros . eos
. Mayotte has voted against independence from France , but is claimed by Comoros . Comoros territory also encompasses many smaller islands . eos
. Comoros territory also encompasses many smaller islands . Comoros name derives from the Arabic word "" Arabic - Latin transliteration : qamar "" ( ` ` moon '' ) , as seen depicted on Comoros flag . eos
territory also encompasses many smaller islands . Comoros name derives from the Arabic word "" Arabic - Latin transliteration : qamar "" ( ` ` moon '' ) , as seen depicted on Comoros flag . eos
name derives from the Arabic word "" Arabic - Latin transliteration : qamar "" ( ` ` moon '' ) , as seen depicted on Comoros flag . eos
flag . eos
( Cook Islands Māori : Kūki ` Āirani ) are a self - governing parliamentary democracy in free association with New Zealand . The 15 small islands in Cook_Islands have a total land area of 240 square kilometres ( 92.7 sq . mi ) . eos
have a total land area of 240 square kilometres ( 92.7 sq . mi ) . Tourism is Cook_Islands number one industry , the leading element of the economy , far ahead of offshore banking , pearls , marine and fruit exports . eos
number one industry , the leading element of the economy , far ahead of offshore banking , pearls , marine and fruit exports . A popular art form on Cook_Islands is tivaivai , often likened to quilting . Defence is the responsibility of New Zealand , in consultation with Cook_Islands and at Cook_Islands request . eos
is tivaivai , often likened to quilting . Defence is the responsibility of New Zealand , in consultation with Cook_Islands and at Cook_Islands request . In recent times , Cook_Islands has adopted an increasingly independent foreign policy . eos
and at Cook_Islands request . In recent times , Cook_Islands has adopted an increasingly independent foreign policy . eos
request . In recent times , Cook_Islands has adopted an increasingly independent foreign policy . eos
has adopted an increasingly independent foreign policy . eos
, officially the Republic of Costa Rica ( Spanish : Costa Rica or República de Costa Rica , IPA : "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðe ` kosta ` rika "" "" ) , is a country in Central America , bordered by Nicaragua to the north , Panama to the south - southeast , the Pacific Ocean to the west and south , and the Caribbean Sea to the east . eos
was the first country in the world to constitutionally abolish Costa_Rica army . eos
army . eos
( Croatian : Hrvatska listen ) , officially the Republic of Croatia ( Republika Hrvatska ) , is a country in Europe at the crossroads of the Mediterranean , Central Europe and the Balkans . Croatia capital is Zagreb . eos
capital is Zagreb . Croatia shares land borders with Slovenia and Hungary to the north , Serbia to the east , Bosnia and Herzegovina and Montenegro to the south , as well as a sea border with Italy to the west . Croatia is a candidate for membership in the European Union and NATO . eos
shares land borders with Slovenia and Hungary to the north , Serbia to the east , Bosnia and Herzegovina and Montenegro to the south , as well as a sea border with Italy to the west . Croatia is a candidate for membership in the European Union and NATO . eos
is a candidate for membership in the European Union and NATO . eos
, officially the Republic of Cuba ( Spanish : Cuba or República de Cuba , IPA : "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðe ˈkuβa "" "" ) , consists of the island of Cuba ( the largest of the Greater Antilles ) , the Isle of Youth and adjacent small islands . eos
is located in the northern Caribbean at the confluence of the Caribbean Sea , the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean . Cuba is south of the eastern United States and the Bahamas , west of the Turks and Caicos Islands and Haiti and east of Mexico . The Cayman Islands and Jamaica are to the south . eos
is south of the eastern United States and the Bahamas , west of the Turks and Caicos Islands and Haiti and east of Mexico . The Cayman Islands and Jamaica are to the south . Cuba is the most populous country in the Caribbean . eos
is the most populous country in the Caribbean . Cuba culture and customs draw from several sources including the period of Spanish colonialism , the introduction of African slaves , and to a lesser extent , Cuba proximity to the United States . Cuba has a tropical climate that is moderated by the surrounding waters ; the warm currents of the Caribbean Sea and Cuba location between water bodies also make Cuba prone to frequent hurricanes . eos
culture and customs draw from several sources including the period of Spanish colonialism , the introduction of African slaves , and to a lesser extent , Cuba proximity to the United States . Cuba has a tropical climate that is moderated by the surrounding waters ; the warm currents of the Caribbean Sea and Cuba location between water bodies also make Cuba prone to frequent hurricanes . eos
proximity to the United States . Cuba has a tropical climate that is moderated by the surrounding waters ; the warm currents of the Caribbean Sea and Cuba location between water bodies also make Cuba prone to frequent hurricanes . eos
has a tropical climate that is moderated by the surrounding waters ; the warm currents of the Caribbean Sea and Cuba location between water bodies also make Cuba prone to frequent hurricanes . eos
location between water bodies also make Cuba prone to frequent hurricanes . eos
prone to frequent hurricanes . eos
( "" Czech : Česká republika "" ) is a landlocked country in Central Europe and a member state of the European Union . Czech_Republic has borders with Poland to the north , Germany to the northwest and west , Austria to the south , and Slovakia to the east . eos
has borders with Poland to the north , Germany to the northwest and west , Austria to the south , and Slovakia to the east . The historic city of Prague ( "" Czech : Praha "" ) , a major tourist attraction , is Czech_Republic capital and largest city . Other major cities include Brno , Ostrava , Zlín , Plzeň , Pardubice , Hradec Králové , České Budějovice , Liberec , Olomouc , and Ústí nad Labem . eos
capital and largest city . Other major cities include Brno , Ostrava , Zlín , Plzeň , Pardubice , Hradec Králové , České Budějovice , Liberec , Olomouc , and Ústí nad Labem . Czech_Republic is composed of two entire historic regions , Bohemia and Moravia , parts of Silesia , and small sections of historic Lower Austria . eos
is composed of two entire historic regions , Bohemia and Moravia , parts of Silesia , and small sections of historic Lower Austria . eos
( "" Arabic : جيبوتي "" , Ǧībūtī , pronounced jo - BOO - tee ) , officially the Republic of Djibouti , is a small country in eastern Africa , located in the Horn of Africa . Djibouti is bordered by Eritrea in the north , Ethiopia in the west and south , and Somalia in the southeast . The remainder of the border is formed by the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden . eos
is bordered by Eritrea in the north , Ethiopia in the west and south , and Somalia in the southeast . The remainder of the border is formed by the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden . On the other side of the Red Sea , on the Arabian Peninsula , 20 kilometers ( 12 mi ) from the coast of Djibouti , is Yemen . eos
, is Yemen . eos
is an island nation in the Caribbean Sea . Dominica should not be confused with the Dominican Republic , another Caribbean nation . The name is pronounced IPA : eos
should not be confused with the Dominican Republic , another Caribbean nation . The name is pronounced IPA : "" IPA : / ˌdɒmɪnikə / "" dom - i - NEE ' - ka ( key ) . eos
discovery by Columbus . The official name is Commonwealth of Dominica . Dominica pre - Columbian name was Wai ` tu kubuli , which means ` ` her body is tall . '' eos
pre - Columbian name was Wai ` tu kubuli , which means ` ` her body is tall . '' The indigenous Kalinago people of Dominica , somewhat erroneously called ` Caribs ' , have a territory which resembles the Indian reserves of Canada . Because Dominica went through a period of French occupation , and Dominica lies between two overseas départements ( Département d'outre - mer ) of France : Guadeloupe to the north and Martinique to the south ; Dominica is sometimes called ` ` French Dominica '' . eos
, somewhat erroneously called ` Caribs ' , have a territory which resembles the Indian reserves of Canada . Because Dominica went through a period of French occupation , and Dominica lies between two overseas départements ( Département d'outre - mer ) of France : Guadeloupe to the north and Martinique to the south ; Dominica is sometimes called ` ` French Dominica '' . Dominica also has the nickname ` ` The Nature Isle of the Caribbean '' due to Dominica seemingly unspoiled natural beauty . eos
went through a period of French occupation , and Dominica lies between two overseas départements ( Département d'outre - mer ) of France : Guadeloupe to the north and Martinique to the south ; Dominica is sometimes called ` ` French Dominica '' . Dominica also has the nickname ` ` The Nature Isle of the Caribbean '' due to Dominica seemingly unspoiled natural beauty . Dominica is one of the youngest islands in the Lesser Antilles , and Dominica is still being formed by geothermal - volcanic activity . eos
lies between two overseas départements ( Département d'outre - mer ) of France : Guadeloupe to the north and Martinique to the south ; Dominica is sometimes called ` ` French Dominica '' . Dominica also has the nickname ` ` The Nature Isle of the Caribbean '' due to Dominica seemingly unspoiled natural beauty . Dominica is one of the youngest islands in the Lesser Antilles , and Dominica is still being formed by geothermal - volcanic activity . eos
is sometimes called ` ` French Dominica '' . Dominica also has the nickname ` ` The Nature Isle of the Caribbean '' due to Dominica seemingly unspoiled natural beauty . Dominica is one of the youngest islands in the Lesser Antilles , and Dominica is still being formed by geothermal - volcanic activity . eos
seemingly unspoiled natural beauty . Dominica is one of the youngest islands in the Lesser Antilles , and Dominica is still being formed by geothermal - volcanic activity . Dominica is a lush island of mountainous rainforests , home of many rare plant , animal and bird species . eos
also has the nickname ` ` The Nature Isle of the Caribbean '' due to Dominica seemingly unspoiled natural beauty . Dominica is one of the youngest islands in the Lesser Antilles , and Dominica is still being formed by geothermal - volcanic activity . Dominica is a lush island of mountainous rainforests , home of many rare plant , animal and bird species . eos
is one of the youngest islands in the Lesser Antilles , and Dominica is still being formed by geothermal - volcanic activity . Dominica is a lush island of mountainous rainforests , home of many rare plant , animal and bird species . There are xeric areas in some of the western coastal regions but heavy rainfall can be expected inland . eos
is still being formed by geothermal - volcanic activity . Dominica is a lush island of mountainous rainforests , home of many rare plant , animal and bird species . There are xeric areas in some of the western coastal regions but heavy rainfall can be expected inland . eos
is a lush island of mountainous rainforests , home of many rare plant , animal and bird species . There are xeric areas in some of the western coastal regions but heavy rainfall can be expected inland . The Sisserou parrot is featured on the Dominica flag . eos
economy is heavily dependent on both tourism and agriculture . eos
, ( Spanish : República Dominicana , IPA "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika domini ` kana "" "" ) is a country located on the eastern two - thirds of the Caribbean island of Hispaniola , bordering Haiti . Hispaniola is the second - largest of the Greater Antilles islands , and lies west of Puerto Rico and east of Cuba and Jamaica . eos
as Quisqueya , a name for Hispaniola used by indigenous Taíno people . Dominican_Republic is not to be confused with Dominica , another Caribbean country . eos
is not to be confused with Dominica , another Caribbean country . eos
, officially the Democratic Republic of Timor - Leste , is a country in Southeast Asia comprising the eastern half of the island of Timor , the nearby islands of Atauro and Jaco , and Oecussi - Ambeno , an exclave on the northwestern side of the island , within Indonesian West Timor . East_Timor of 5,376 square miles ( 14,609 square kilometres ) is located about 400 miles ( 640 km ) northwest of Darwin , Australia . The name Timor derives from timor or timur , the word for ` east ' in Malay as well as Indonesian , which became Timor in Portuguese . eos
of 5,376 square miles ( 14,609 square kilometres ) is located about 400 miles ( 640 km ) northwest of Darwin , Australia . The name Timor derives from timor or timur , the word for ` east ' in Malay as well as Indonesian , which became Timor in Portuguese . The Portuguese name Timor - Leste and the Tetum name Timor Lorosa'e are sometimes used in English . eos
has the lowest per capita GDP ( Purchasing Power Parity adjusted ) in the world , of only $ 400 ( which corresponds to the 192nd position ) . However , on East_Timor Human Development Index , or HDI , East_Timor is in 142nd place among the world 's nations , which corresponds to medium human development . Colonized by Portugal in the 16th century , East_Timor was known as Portuguese Timor for centuries . eos
Human Development Index , or HDI , East_Timor is in 142nd place among the world 's nations , which corresponds to medium human development . Colonized by Portugal in the 16th century , East_Timor was known as Portuguese Timor for centuries . East_Timor was invaded by Indonesia in 1975 , which occupied East_Timor until 1999 . eos
is in 142nd place among the world 's nations , which corresponds to medium human development . Colonized by Portugal in the 16th century , East_Timor was known as Portuguese Timor for centuries . East_Timor was invaded by Indonesia in 1975 , which occupied East_Timor until 1999 . eos
was known as Portuguese Timor for centuries . East_Timor was invaded by Indonesia in 1975 , which occupied East_Timor until 1999 . Following the UN - sponsored act of self - determination that year , Indonesia relinquished control of East_Timor , East_Timor achieved full independence on May 20 , 2002 , becoming the first new country of the 21st century . eos
was invaded by Indonesia in 1975 , which occupied East_Timor until 1999 . Following the UN - sponsored act of self - determination that year , Indonesia relinquished control of East_Timor , East_Timor achieved full independence on May 20 , 2002 , becoming the first new country of the 21st century . With the Philippines , East_Timor is one of only two predominantly Roman Catholic countries in Asia , and the only Portuguese - speaking sovereign state in Asia . eos
until 1999 . Following the UN - sponsored act of self - determination that year , Indonesia relinquished control of East_Timor , East_Timor achieved full independence on May 20 , 2002 , becoming the first new country of the 21st century . With the Philippines , East_Timor is one of only two predominantly Roman Catholic countries in Asia , and the only Portuguese - speaking sovereign state in Asia . eos
achieved full independence on May 20 , 2002 , becoming the first new country of the 21st century . With the Philippines , East_Timor is one of only two predominantly Roman Catholic countries in Asia , and the only Portuguese - speaking sovereign state in Asia . eos
, East_Timor achieved full independence on May 20 , 2002 , becoming the first new country of the 21st century . With the Philippines , East_Timor is one of only two predominantly Roman Catholic countries in Asia , and the only Portuguese - speaking sovereign state in Asia . eos
is one of only two predominantly Roman Catholic countries in Asia , and the only Portuguese - speaking sovereign state in Asia . eos
, officially the Republic of Ecuador ( "" Spanish : República del Ecuador "" , short form Ecuador , IPA "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðel ekwa ` ðoɾ "" "" ) is a representative democratic republic in South America , bounded by Colombia on the north , by Peru on the east and south , and by the Pacific Ocean on the west . eos
also includes the Galápagos Islands ( Archipiélago de Colón ) in the Pacific , about 965 kilometers ( 600 miles ) west of the mainland . Ecuador is the Spanish word for equator . Ecuador straddles the equator and Ecuador has an area of 256,370 square kilometers ( 98,985 mi ² ) . eos
straddles the equator and Ecuador has an area of 256,370 square kilometers ( 98,985 mi ² ) . Ecuador capital city is Quito . eos
has an area of 256,370 square kilometers ( 98,985 mi ² ) . Ecuador capital city is Quito . eos
capital city is Quito . eos
( Egyptian : Kmt , Coptic : eos
includes the Sinai Peninsula , a land bridge to Asia . Covering an area of about 1,001,450 square kilometers ( 386,560 square miles ) , Egypt borders Libya to the west , Sudan to the south , and Israel and the Gaza Strip to the northeast ; on the north and the east are the Mediterranean Sea and the Red Sea , respectively . eos
borders Libya to the west , Sudan to the south , and Israel and the Gaza Strip to the northeast ; on the north and the east are the Mediterranean Sea and the Red Sea , respectively . Egypt is the fifteenth most populous country in the world . The vast majority of Egypt 78.8 million population ( 2006 ) live near the banks of the Nile River ( about 40,000 km ² or 15,450 sq miles ) where the only arable agricultural land is found . eos
is the fifteenth most populous country in the world . The vast majority of Egypt 78.8 million population ( 2006 ) live near the banks of the Nile River ( about 40,000 km ² or 15,450 sq miles ) where the only arable agricultural land is found . Large areas of land form part of the Sahara Desert and are sparsely inhabited . eos
78.8 million population ( 2006 ) live near the banks of the Nile River ( about 40,000 km ² or 15,450 sq miles ) where the only arable agricultural land is found . Large areas of land form part of the Sahara Desert and are sparsely inhabited . Around half of Egypt residents live in urban areas , with the majority spread across the densely populated centres of greater Cairo ( the largest city in Africa and the Middle East ) , Alexandria and other major towns in the Nile Delta . eos
residents live in urban areas , with the majority spread across the densely populated centres of greater Cairo ( the largest city in Africa and the Middle East ) , Alexandria and other major towns in the Nile Delta . Egypt is famous for Egypt ancient civilization and some of the world 's most ancient and important monuments , including the Giza Pyramids and the Great Sphinx of Giza ; the southern city of Luxor contains a particularly large number of ancient artifacts such as the Karnak Temple and the Valley of the Kings . Today , Egypt is widely regarded as the main political and cultural centre of the Middle East . eos
is famous for Egypt ancient civilization and some of the world 's most ancient and important monuments , including the Giza Pyramids and the Great Sphinx of Giza ; the southern city of Luxor contains a particularly large number of ancient artifacts such as the Karnak Temple and the Valley of the Kings . Today , Egypt is widely regarded as the main political and cultural centre of the Middle East . eos
ancient civilization and some of the world 's most ancient and important monuments , including the Giza Pyramids and the Great Sphinx of Giza ; the southern city of Luxor contains a particularly large number of ancient artifacts such as the Karnak Temple and the Valley of the Kings . Today , Egypt is widely regarded as the main political and cultural centre of the Middle East . eos
is widely regarded as the main political and cultural centre of the Middle East . eos
is a country in Central America with a population of approximately 6.9 million people . El_Salvador is bordered to the west by Guatemala , to the north and east by Honduras , and to the south by the Pacific Ocean . El_Salvador is the most densely populated nation on the American mainland ( especially in El_Salvador capital , San Salvador ) , and also the most industrialized country in Central America . eos
is bordered to the west by Guatemala , to the north and east by Honduras , and to the south by the Pacific Ocean . El_Salvador is the most densely populated nation on the American mainland ( especially in El_Salvador capital , San Salvador ) , and also the most industrialized country in Central America . El_Salvador official name is Republic of El Salvador eos
is the most densely populated nation on the American mainland ( especially in El_Salvador capital , San Salvador ) , and also the most industrialized country in Central America . El_Salvador official name is Republic of El Salvador ( Spanish : República de El Salvador , IPA : eos
capital , San Salvador ) , and also the most industrialized country in Central America . El_Salvador official name is Republic of El Salvador ( Spanish : República de El Salvador , IPA : eos
official name is Republic of El Salvador ( Spanish : República de El Salvador , IPA : "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðe el salβa ` ðor "" "" ) . eos
was named after the Spanish word for ` ` The Saviour '' , in honor of Jesus Christ , and El_Salvador territory was known prehispanically as Cuscatlán . eos
territory was known prehispanically as Cuscatlán . eos
( Ge'ez ኤርትራ ʾĒrtrā ) is a country in northern East Africa Eritrea neighbours Ethiopia . The name is derived from the Latin word for Red Sea , Mare Erythraeum , itself derived from the Greek word meaning ` ` red '' ( ερυθρός , erythros ) . eos
neighbours Ethiopia . The name is derived from the Latin word for Red Sea , Mare Erythraeum , itself derived from the Greek word meaning ` ` red '' ( ερυθρός , erythros ) . eos
is bordered by Sudan in the west , Ethiopia in the south , and Djibouti in the southeast . The east and northeast of Eritrea have an extensive coastline on the Red Sea , directly across from Saudi Arabia and Yemen . The Dahlak Archipelago and several of the Hanish Islands are part of Eritrea . eos
have an extensive coastline on the Red Sea , directly across from Saudi Arabia and Yemen . The Dahlak Archipelago and several of the Hanish Islands are part of Eritrea . Eritrea was consolidated into a colony by the Italian government on january 1 , 1890 . eos
was consolidated into a colony by the Italian government on january 1 , 1890 . Eritrea gained Eritrea independence from Ethiopia following a thirty year war which lasted from 1961 to 1991 . Eritrea is officially a parliamentary democracy consisting of six regions , but Eritrea currently functions as a single - party state . eos
gained Eritrea independence from Ethiopia following a thirty year war which lasted from 1961 to 1991 . Eritrea is officially a parliamentary democracy consisting of six regions , but Eritrea currently functions as a single - party state . Eritrea is a multilingual and multicultural country with two dominant religions and nine nationalities , each speaking a different language . eos
independence from Ethiopia following a thirty year war which lasted from 1961 to 1991 . Eritrea is officially a parliamentary democracy consisting of six regions , but Eritrea currently functions as a single - party state . Eritrea is a multilingual and multicultural country with two dominant religions and nine nationalities , each speaking a different language . eos
is officially a parliamentary democracy consisting of six regions , but Eritrea currently functions as a single - party state . Eritrea is a multilingual and multicultural country with two dominant religions and nine nationalities , each speaking a different language . Eritrea has no official language , but Eritrea has three working languages : Tigrinya , Arabic , and English . eos
currently functions as a single - party state . Eritrea is a multilingual and multicultural country with two dominant religions and nine nationalities , each speaking a different language . Eritrea has no official language , but Eritrea has three working languages : Tigrinya , Arabic , and English . eos
is a multilingual and multicultural country with two dominant religions and nine nationalities , each speaking a different language . Eritrea has no official language , but Eritrea has three working languages : Tigrinya , Arabic , and English . A fourth language , Italian , is sometimes used commercially . eos
has no official language , but Eritrea has three working languages : Tigrinya , Arabic , and English . A fourth language , Italian , is sometimes used commercially . eos
has three working languages : Tigrinya , Arabic , and English . A fourth language , Italian , is sometimes used commercially . eos
, officially the Republic of Estonia ( Estonian : Eesti or Eesti Vabariik ) , is a country in Northern Europe . Estonia has land borders to the south with fellow Baltic state Latvia ( 339 km ) and Russia ( 229 km ) to the east . eos
has land borders to the south with fellow Baltic state Latvia ( 339 km ) and Russia ( 229 km ) to the east . Estonia is separated from Finland in the north by the narrow Gulf of Finland and from Sweden in the west by the Baltic Sea . Estonia has been a member of the European Union since May 1 , 2004 and of the NATO since march 29 , 2004 . eos
is separated from Finland in the north by the narrow Gulf of Finland and from Sweden in the west by the Baltic Sea . Estonia has been a member of the European Union since May 1 , 2004 and of the NATO since march 29 , 2004 . eos
has been a member of the European Union since May 1 , 2004 and of the NATO since march 29 , 2004 . eos
( Ge'ez : ኢትዮጵያ ʾĪtyōṗṗyā ) , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia , is a country situated in the Horn of Africa . Ethiopia is the second - most populous nation in Africa , bordered by Eritrea to the north , Djibouti to the northeast , Somalia to the southeast , Kenya to the south , and Sudan to the west . Ethiopia is the oldest independent country in Africa and one of the oldest in the world . eos
is the second - most populous nation in Africa , bordered by Eritrea to the north , Djibouti to the northeast , Somalia to the southeast , Kenya to the south , and Sudan to the west . Ethiopia is the oldest independent country in Africa and one of the oldest in the world . Recently being regarded as ` ` the cradle of civilization '' , Ethiopia is also the second - oldest official Christian nation in the world after Armenia . eos
is the oldest independent country in Africa and one of the oldest in the world . Recently being regarded as ` ` the cradle of civilization '' , Ethiopia is also the second - oldest official Christian nation in the world after Armenia . Ethiopia has long been an intersection between the civilizations of North Africa , the Middle East and the rest of Africa . eos
is also the second - oldest official Christian nation in the world after Armenia . Ethiopia has long been an intersection between the civilizations of North Africa , the Middle East and the rest of Africa . Unique among African countries , Ethiopia was never colonised , maintaining Ethiopia independence throughout the Scramble for Africa . eos
has long been an intersection between the civilizations of North Africa , the Middle East and the rest of Africa . Unique among African countries , Ethiopia was never colonised , maintaining Ethiopia independence throughout the Scramble for Africa . In addition , Ethiopia has long been a member of international organisations : Ethiopia became a member of the League of Nations , Ethiopia signed the Declaration by United Nations in 1942 , Ethiopia founded the UN headquarters in Africa , Ethiopia was one of the fifty - one original members of the United Nations , and Ethiopia is the headquarters for and the main founder of the former Organisation of African Unity and current African Union . eos
was never colonised , maintaining Ethiopia independence throughout the Scramble for Africa . In addition , Ethiopia has long been a member of international organisations : Ethiopia became a member of the League of Nations , Ethiopia signed the Declaration by United Nations in 1942 , Ethiopia founded the UN headquarters in Africa , Ethiopia was one of the fifty - one original members of the United Nations , and Ethiopia is the headquarters for and the main founder of the former Organisation of African Unity and current African Union . Ethiopia was also historically called Abyssinia , derived from the Arabic form of the Ethiosemitic name ` ` ḤBŚT , '' modern Habesha . eos
independence throughout the Scramble for Africa . In addition , Ethiopia has long been a member of international organisations : Ethiopia became a member of the League of Nations , Ethiopia signed the Declaration by United Nations in 1942 , Ethiopia founded the UN headquarters in Africa , Ethiopia was one of the fifty - one original members of the United Nations , and Ethiopia is the headquarters for and the main founder of the former Organisation of African Unity and current African Union . Ethiopia was also historically called Abyssinia , derived from the Arabic form of the Ethiosemitic name ` ` ḤBŚT , '' modern Habesha . eos
signed the Declaration by United Nations in 1942 , Ethiopia founded the UN headquarters in Africa , Ethiopia was one of the fifty - one original members of the United Nations , and Ethiopia is the headquarters for and the main founder of the former Organisation of African Unity and current African Union . Ethiopia was also historically called Abyssinia , derived from the Arabic form of the Ethiosemitic name ` ` ḤBŚT , '' modern Habesha . In some countries , Ethiopia is still called by names cognate with ` ` Abyssinia , '' eg Turkish Habesistan and Arabic Al Habesh , meaning land of the Habesha people . eos
founded the UN headquarters in Africa , Ethiopia was one of the fifty - one original members of the United Nations , and Ethiopia is the headquarters for and the main founder of the former Organisation of African Unity and current African Union . Ethiopia was also historically called Abyssinia , derived from the Arabic form of the Ethiosemitic name ` ` ḤBŚT , '' modern Habesha . In some countries , Ethiopia is still called by names cognate with ` ` Abyssinia , '' eg Turkish Habesistan and Arabic Al Habesh , meaning land of the Habesha people . eos
was one of the fifty - one original members of the United Nations , and Ethiopia is the headquarters for and the main founder of the former Organisation of African Unity and current African Union . Ethiopia was also historically called Abyssinia , derived from the Arabic form of the Ethiosemitic name ` ` ḤBŚT , '' modern Habesha . In some countries , Ethiopia is still called by names cognate with ` ` Abyssinia , '' eg Turkish Habesistan and Arabic Al Habesh , meaning land of the Habesha people . eos
is the headquarters for and the main founder of the former Organisation of African Unity and current African Union . Ethiopia was also historically called Abyssinia , derived from the Arabic form of the Ethiosemitic name ` ` ḤBŚT , '' modern Habesha . In some countries , Ethiopia is still called by names cognate with ` ` Abyssinia , '' eg Turkish Habesistan and Arabic Al Habesh , meaning land of the Habesha people . eos
has long been a member of international organisations : Ethiopia became a member of the League of Nations , Ethiopia signed the Declaration by United Nations in 1942 , Ethiopia founded the UN headquarters in Africa , Ethiopia was one of the fifty - one original members of the United Nations , and Ethiopia is the headquarters for and the main founder of the former Organisation of African Unity and current African Union . Ethiopia was also historically called Abyssinia , derived from the Arabic form of the Ethiosemitic name ` ` ḤBŚT , '' modern Habesha . In some countries , Ethiopia is still called by names cognate with ` ` Abyssinia , '' eg Turkish Habesistan and Arabic Al Habesh , meaning land of the Habesha people . eos
became a member of the League of Nations , Ethiopia signed the Declaration by United Nations in 1942 , Ethiopia founded the UN headquarters in Africa , Ethiopia was one of the fifty - one original members of the United Nations , and Ethiopia is the headquarters for and the main founder of the former Organisation of African Unity and current African Union . Ethiopia was also historically called Abyssinia , derived from the Arabic form of the Ethiosemitic name ` ` ḤBŚT , '' modern Habesha . In some countries , Ethiopia is still called by names cognate with ` ` Abyssinia , '' eg Turkish Habesistan and Arabic Al Habesh , meaning land of the Habesha people . eos
was also historically called Abyssinia , derived from the Arabic form of the Ethiosemitic name ` ` ḤBŚT , '' modern Habesha . In some countries , Ethiopia is still called by names cognate with ` ` Abyssinia , '' eg Turkish Habesistan and Arabic Al Habesh , meaning land of the Habesha people . The English name ` ` Ethiopia '' is thought to be derived from the Greek word Αἰθιοπία Aithiopia , from Αἰθίοψ Aithiops ` an Ethiopian ' , derived from Greek terms meaning ` ` of burnt ( αιθ - ) visage ( ὄψ ) '' . eos
is still called by names cognate with ` ` Abyssinia , '' eg Turkish Habesistan and Arabic Al Habesh , meaning land of the Habesha people . The English name ` ` Ethiopia '' is thought to be derived from the Greek word Αἰθιοπία Aithiopia , from Αἰθίοψ Aithiops ` an Ethiopian ' , derived from Greek terms meaning ` ` of burnt ( αιθ - ) visage ( ὄψ ) '' . However , this etymology is disputed , since the Book of Aksum , a Ge'ez chronicle first composed in the 15th century , states that the name is derived from '' ` Ityopp ` is '' , a son ( unmentioned in the Bible ) of Cush , son of Ham who according to legend founded the city of Axum . eos
, also called The Malvinas , are an archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean , located 300 miles ( 483 kilometres ) from the coast of South America , 671 miles ( 1080 km ) west of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands ( Shag Rocks ) , and 584 miles ( 940 km ) north of Antarctica ( Elephant Island ) . Falkland_Islands consist of two main islands , East Falkland and West Falkland , together with about 700 smaller islands . Stanley , on East Falkland , is the capital and largest city . eos
consist of two main islands , East Falkland and West Falkland , together with about 700 smaller islands . Stanley , on East Falkland , is the capital and largest city . Falkland_Islands are a self - governing Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom , but Falkland_Islands have been the subject of a claim to sovereignty by Argentina since the early years of Argentina 's independence from Spain . eos
are a self - governing Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom , but Falkland_Islands have been the subject of a claim to sovereignty by Argentina since the early years of Argentina 's independence from Spain . In 1982 Falkland_Islands were invaded by Argentina , precipitating the two - month - long undeclared Falklands War between Argentina and the United Kingdom , which resulted in the defeat and withdrawal of Argentine forces . Since the war there has been strong economic growth in both fisheries and tourism . eos
have been the subject of a claim to sovereignty by Argentina since the early years of Argentina 's independence from Spain . In 1982 Falkland_Islands were invaded by Argentina , precipitating the two - month - long undeclared Falklands War between Argentina and the United Kingdom , which resulted in the defeat and withdrawal of Argentine forces . Since the war there has been strong economic growth in both fisheries and tourism . eos
were invaded by Argentina , precipitating the two - month - long undeclared Falklands War between Argentina and the United Kingdom , which resulted in the defeat and withdrawal of Argentine forces . Since the war there has been strong economic growth in both fisheries and tourism . The inhabitants of Falkland_Islands , who are of mainly Scottish descent , are British citizens , and support British sovereignty . eos
, who are of mainly Scottish descent , are British citizens , and support British sovereignty . eos
or simply Faroes ( Faroese : Føroyar , meaning ` ` Sheep Islands '' , Danish : Færøerne ) are a group of islands in Northern Europe , between the Norwegian Sea and the North Atlantic Ocean , about one - half of the way from Iceland to Norway . eos
have been an autonomous region of the Kingdom of Denmark since 1948 and Faroe_Islands have , over the years , taken control of most matters , except defence ( Faroe_Islands have a small organized native military in Mjørkadalur , including a small Police force and Coast Guard ) and foreign affairs which is the responsibility of Denmark . Faroe_Islands have close traditional ties to Iceland , Shetland , Orkney , the Outer Hebrides and Greenland . The archipelago was detached from Norway in 1814 . eos
have , over the years , taken control of most matters , except defence ( Faroe_Islands have a small organized native military in Mjørkadalur , including a small Police force and Coast Guard ) and foreign affairs which is the responsibility of Denmark . Faroe_Islands have close traditional ties to Iceland , Shetland , Orkney , the Outer Hebrides and Greenland . The archipelago was detached from Norway in 1814 . eos
have a small organized native military in Mjørkadalur , including a small Police force and Coast Guard ) and foreign affairs which is the responsibility of Denmark . Faroe_Islands have close traditional ties to Iceland , Shetland , Orkney , the Outer Hebrides and Greenland . The archipelago was detached from Norway in 1814 . eos
have close traditional ties to Iceland , Shetland , Orkney , the Outer Hebrides and Greenland . The archipelago was detached from Norway in 1814 . Faroe_Islands are represented in the Nordic Council as a part of the Danish Delegation . eos
are represented in the Nordic Council as a part of the Danish Delegation . eos
( Fijian : Viti "" ; Hindustānī : फ़िजी فِجی ) , officially the Republic of the Fiji Islands , is an island nation in the South Pacific Ocean , east of Vanuatu , west of Tonga and south of Tuvalu . eos
occupies an archipelago of about 322 islands , of which 106 are permanently inhabited ; in addition , there are some 522 islets . The two major islands , Viti Levu and Vanua Levu , account for some 87 % of the total population . The name Fiji is the old Tongan word for the islands , which is in turn derived from the Fijian name Viti . eos
( French : "" IPA : fʁɑ̃s "" ) , officially the French Republic ( "" French : République française "" , "" IPA : ʁepyblik fʁɑ̃sɛz "" ) , is a country France metropolitan territory is located in Western Europe and France eos
metropolitan territory is located in Western Europe and France also comprises various overseas islands and territories located in other continents . Metropolitan France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . eos
also comprises various overseas islands and territories located in other continents . Metropolitan France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . eos
is bordered by Belgium , Luxembourg , Germany , Switzerland , Italy , Monaco , Andorra , and Spain . In some of France overseas departments , France also shares land borders with Brazil , Suriname , and the Netherlands Antilles . France is also linked to the United Kingdom via the Channel Tunnel , which passes underneath the English Channel ( La Manche in French ) . eos
overseas departments , France also shares land borders with Brazil , Suriname , and the Netherlands Antilles . France is also linked to the United Kingdom via the Channel Tunnel , which passes underneath the English Channel ( La Manche in French ) . France is a democracy France is organised as a unitary semi - presidential republic . eos
also shares land borders with Brazil , Suriname , and the Netherlands Antilles . France is also linked to the United Kingdom via the Channel Tunnel , which passes underneath the English Channel ( La Manche in French ) . France is a democracy France is organised as a unitary semi - presidential republic . eos
is also linked to the United Kingdom via the Channel Tunnel , which passes underneath the English Channel ( La Manche in French ) . France is a democracy France is organised as a unitary semi - presidential republic . France is a developed country with the sixth - largest economy in the world . eos
is a democracy France is organised as a unitary semi - presidential republic . France is a developed country with the sixth - largest economy in the world . France main ideals are expressed in the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen . eos
is organised as a unitary semi - presidential republic . France is a developed country with the sixth - largest economy in the world . France main ideals are expressed in the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen . eos
is a developed country with the sixth - largest economy in the world . France main ideals are expressed in the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen . France is one of the founding members of the European Union , and France has the largest land area of all members . eos
main ideals are expressed in the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen . France is one of the founding members of the European Union , and France has the largest land area of all members . France is also a founding member of the United Nations , and a member of La Francophonie , the G8 , and the Latin Union . eos
is one of the founding members of the European Union , and France has the largest land area of all members . France is also a founding member of the United Nations , and a member of La Francophonie , the G8 , and the Latin Union . France is one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council wielding veto power , and France is also one of eight acknowledged nuclear powers . eos
has the largest land area of all members . France is also a founding member of the United Nations , and a member of La Francophonie , the G8 , and the Latin Union . France is one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council wielding veto power , and France is also one of eight acknowledged nuclear powers . eos
is also a founding member of the United Nations , and a member of La Francophonie , the G8 , and the Latin Union . France is one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council wielding veto power , and France is also one of eight acknowledged nuclear powers . France is the most popular international tourist destination in the world , receiving over 75 million foreign tourists annually . eos
is one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council wielding veto power , and France is also one of eight acknowledged nuclear powers . France is the most popular international tourist destination in the world , receiving over 75 million foreign tourists annually . The name France originates from the Franks , a Germanic tribe that occupied the region after the fall of the Western Roman Empire . eos
is also one of eight acknowledged nuclear powers . France is the most popular international tourist destination in the world , receiving over 75 million foreign tourists annually . The name France originates from the Franks , a Germanic tribe that occupied the region after the fall of the Western Roman Empire . eos
is the most popular international tourist destination in the world , receiving over 75 million foreign tourists annually . The name France originates from the Franks , a Germanic tribe that occupied the region after the fall of the Western Roman Empire . More precisely , the region around Paris , called Île - de - France , was the original French royal demesne . eos
( French : Guyane française , officially Guyane ) is an overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , or DOM ) of France , located on the northern coast of South America . eos
is also a région ( région d'outre - mer ) of France . As a part of France , French_Guiana is in the European Union , and French_Guiana currency is the euro . French_Guiana is the smallest political entity on the South American mainland eos
is in the European Union , and French_Guiana currency is the euro . French_Guiana is the smallest political entity on the South American mainland ( Suriname is the smallest independent South American country ) . eos
currency is the euro . French_Guiana is the smallest political entity on the South American mainland ( Suriname is the smallest independent South American country ) . eos
is the smallest political entity on the South American mainland ( Suriname is the smallest independent South American country ) . French_Guiana borders the Atlantic Ocean to the north , Brazil to the east and south , and Suriname to the west . eos
borders the Atlantic Ocean to the north , Brazil to the east and south , and Suriname to the west . ( Part of the border with Suriname is disputed . ) eos
( French : Polynésie française , Tahitian : Pōrīnetia Farāni ) is a French ` ` overseas collectivity '' ( eos
is made up of several groups of Polynesian islands , the most famous island being Tahiti in the Society Islands group , which is also the most populous island , and the seat of the capital of the territory ( Papeete ) . Although not an integral part of French_Polynesia territory , Clipperton Island is administered from French_Polynesia . eos
territory , Clipperton Island is administered from French_Polynesia . eos
. eos
, officially the Gabonese Republic , is a country in west central Africa . Gabon borders on Equatorial Guinea , Cameroon , Republic of the Congo and the Gulf of Guinea . Since Gabon independence from France on august 17 , 1960 , Gabon has been ruled by only two autocratic Presidents ; the incumbent El Hadj Omar Bongo has been in power since 1967 and is currently ( 2006 ) eos
borders on Equatorial Guinea , Cameroon , Republic of the Congo and the Gulf of Guinea . Since Gabon independence from France on august 17 , 1960 , Gabon has been ruled by only two autocratic Presidents ; the incumbent El Hadj Omar Bongo has been in power since 1967 and is currently ( 2006 ) Africa 's longest - serving Head of State . eos
independence from France on august 17 , 1960 , Gabon has been ruled by only two autocratic Presidents ; the incumbent El Hadj Omar Bongo has been in power since 1967 and is currently ( 2006 ) Africa 's longest - serving Head of State . Gabon introduced a multiparty system and a new democratic constitution in the early 1990s that allowed for a more transparent electoral process and for reforms of governmental institutions . eos
has been ruled by only two autocratic Presidents ; the incumbent El Hadj Omar Bongo has been in power since 1967 and is currently ( 2006 ) Africa 's longest - serving Head of State . Gabon introduced a multiparty system and a new democratic constitution in the early 1990s that allowed for a more transparent electoral process and for reforms of governmental institutions . eos
introduced a multiparty system and a new democratic constitution in the early 1990s that allowed for a more transparent electoral process and for reforms of governmental institutions . A small population , abundant natural resources , and foreign private investment have helped make Gabon one of the most prosperous countries in the region . eos
one of the most prosperous countries in the region . eos
( "" Georgian : "" "" "" , transliterated as Sakartvelo ) , known officially from 1990 to 1995 as the Republic of Georgia , is a country in Eurasia to the east of the Black Sea , most of Georgia_country is located in the South Caucasus , while a portion of the territory lies in the North Caucasus . Georgia_country shares borders with Russia in the north and Turkey , Armenia , and Azerbaijan in the south . eos
is located in the South Caucasus , while a portion of the territory lies in the North Caucasus . Georgia_country shares borders with Russia in the north and Turkey , Armenia , and Azerbaijan in the south . eos
shares borders with Russia in the north and Turkey , Armenia , and Azerbaijan in the south . Georgia_country is a unitary , emerging liberal democratic nation - state with an ancient historical and cultural heritage . eos
is a unitary , emerging liberal democratic nation - state with an ancient historical and cultural heritage . Georgian civilization stretches back for more than three thousand years of history with an exclusive literary and artistic heritage . Culturally , historically , and politically Georgia_country is considered part of Europe ; however , the official geographic classification of Georgia_country varies according to different sources . eos
is considered part of Europe ; however , the official geographic classification of Georgia_country varies according to different sources . Sometimes Georgia_country is considered a transcontinental nation . The English name Georgia is a transliteration of the Hellenistic term eos
varies according to different sources . Sometimes Georgia_country is considered a transcontinental nation . The English name Georgia is a transliteration of the Hellenistic term eos
is considered a transcontinental nation . The English name Georgia is a transliteration of the Hellenistic term ( Greek : Γεωργία ) derived from Georgios eos
the second oldest country after Armenia ( 301 ) to declare Christianity Georgia_country official state religion . The Bible was translated into Georgian in the 5th century . Geographically , Georgia_country is diverse and Georgia_country natural resources are abundant . eos
official state religion . The Bible was translated into Georgian in the 5th century . Geographically , Georgia_country is diverse and Georgia_country natural resources are abundant . eos
is diverse and Georgia_country natural resources are abundant . The mixture of Alpine zone in the Caucasus mountains and the subtropical Black Sea coast of western Georgia attracts many tourists , because Georgia_country is considered both an excellent ski resort and an excellent sea resort . Georgia_country has one of the most ancient wine - making traditions in the world . eos
natural resources are abundant . The mixture of Alpine zone in the Caucasus mountains and the subtropical Black Sea coast of western Georgia attracts many tourists , because Georgia_country is considered both an excellent ski resort and an excellent sea resort . Georgia_country has one of the most ancient wine - making traditions in the world . eos
is considered both an excellent ski resort and an excellent sea resort . Georgia_country has one of the most ancient wine - making traditions in the world . Georgian wine is characterized as naturally semi - sweet and very competitive to French , Spanish and other Western European wines and is well known around the world , especially in Eastern Europe . eos
has one of the most ancient wine - making traditions in the world . Georgian wine is characterized as naturally semi - sweet and very competitive to French , Spanish and other Western European wines and is well known around the world , especially in Eastern Europe . Georgia_country has been called the birthplace of wine , due to archeological findings which indicate wine production back to 5000 BC . eos
has been called the birthplace of wine , due to archeological findings which indicate wine production back to 5000 BC . eos
, officially the Republic of Ghana , is a country in West Africa . Ghana borders Côte d'Ivoire to the west , Burkina Faso to the north , Togo to the east , and the Atlantic Ocean to the south . eos
borders Côte d'Ivoire to the west , Burkina Faso to the north , Togo to the east , and the Atlantic Ocean to the south . Accra is the capital and largest city . eos
population in 2005 was 21,029,853 . Ghana was inhabited in pre - colonial times by a number of ancient kingdoms , including an inland kingdom within The Ashanti and various Fante states along the coast . Trade with European states flourished after contact with the Portuguese in the 15th century , and the British established a crown colony , Gold Coast , in 1874 . eos
was inhabited in pre - colonial times by a number of ancient kingdoms , including an inland kingdom within The Ashanti and various Fante states along the coast . Trade with European states flourished after contact with the Portuguese in the 15th century , and the British established a crown colony , Gold Coast , in 1874 . Ghana was the first black African country to obtain independence from colonial rule . eos
was the first black African country to obtain independence from colonial rule . Upon achieving independence from the United Kingdom in 1957 , the name Ghana was chosen for the new nation as a reference to Ghana ancient roots in the Empire of Ghana . eos
ancient roots in the Empire of Ghana . eos
is a UK overseas territory located near the southernmost tip of the Iberian Peninsula , overlooking the Strait of Gibraltar . Gibraltar shares a land border with Spain to the north . Gibraltar has historically been an important base for the British Armed Forces and Gibraltar eos
shares a land border with Spain to the north . Gibraltar has historically been an important base for the British Armed Forces and Gibraltar is the site of a British naval base . eos
has historically been an important base for the British Armed Forces and Gibraltar is the site of a British naval base . The name of Gibraltar is derived from the original Arabic name Jabal Ţāriq ( جبل طارق ) , meaning ` ` mountain of Tariq '' . eos
is the site of a British naval base . The name of Gibraltar is derived from the original Arabic name Jabal Ţāriq ( جبل طارق ) , meaning ` ` mountain of Tariq '' . eos
is derived from the original Arabic name Jabal Ţāriq ( جبل طارق ) , meaning ` ` mountain of Tariq '' . It refers to the Berber Umayyad general Tariq ibn - Ziyad , who led the Moorish invasion of Iberia in 711 . Earlier , Gibraltar was known as Mons Calpe , one of the Pillars of Hercules . eos
was known as Mons Calpe , one of the Pillars of Hercules . Today , Gibraltar is known colloquially as ` ` Gib '' or ` ` the Rock '' . The sovereignty of Gibraltar is a major issue of contention in Anglo - Spanish relations . eos
is known colloquially as ` ` Gib '' or ` ` the Rock '' . The sovereignty of Gibraltar is a major issue of contention in Anglo - Spanish relations . Spain requests the return of sovereignty , ceded by Spain in perpetuity in 1713 . eos
is a major issue of contention in Anglo - Spanish relations . Spain requests the return of sovereignty , ceded by Spain in perpetuity in 1713 . Any transfer has been consistently and totally rejected by almost all Gibraltarians . eos
or Hellas ( "" Greek : Ελλάδα "" "" IPA : "" eˈlaða "" "" or Ελλάς "" IPA : "" eˈlas "" "" ) , officially the Hellenic Republic eos
is bordered by Bulgaria , the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Albania to the north and by Turkey to the east . The Aegean Sea lies to the east of mainland Greece while the Ionian Sea lies to the west . Both parts of the eastern Mediterranean basin , feature a vast number of islands . eos
lies at the juncture of Europe , Asia , and Africa . Greece is heir to the heritages of classical Greece , the Byzantine Empire , and nearly four centuries of Ottoman rule . Regarded as the cradle of western civilization and being the birthplace of democracy , Western philosophy , the Olympic Games , western literature , political science , major scientific principles as well as drama including both tragedy and comedy , Greece has a particularly long and eventful history and a cultural heritage considerably influential in Europe , Northern Africa and the Middle East . eos
is heir to the heritages of classical Greece , the Byzantine Empire , and nearly four centuries of Ottoman rule . Regarded as the cradle of western civilization and being the birthplace of democracy , Western philosophy , the Olympic Games , western literature , political science , major scientific principles as well as drama including both tragedy and comedy , Greece has a particularly long and eventful history and a cultural heritage considerably influential in Europe , Northern Africa and the Middle East . Today , Greece is a developed country , member of the European Union since 1981 and a member of the Eurozone since 2001 . eos
has a particularly long and eventful history and a cultural heritage considerably influential in Europe , Northern Africa and the Middle East . Today , Greece is a developed country , member of the European Union since 1981 and a member of the Eurozone since 2001 . Athens , Thessaloniki , Piraeus and Patra are Greece major cities . eos
is a developed country , member of the European Union since 1981 and a member of the Eurozone since 2001 . Athens , Thessaloniki , Piraeus and Patra are Greece major cities . eos
major cities . eos
( Greenlandic : Kalaallit Nunaat , meaning ` ` Land of the Kalaallit ( Greenlanders ) '' ; Danish : Grønland , meaning ` ` Greenland '' ) is a self - governed Danish territory . eos
is closely tied to Europe . eos
is an island nation in the southeastern Caribbean Sea including the southern Grenadines . Grenada is the second - smallest independent country in the Western Hemisphere ( after Saint Kitts and Nevis ) . Grenada is located north of Trinidad and Tobago , and south of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . eos
is the second - smallest independent country in the Western Hemisphere ( after Saint Kitts and Nevis ) . Grenada is located north of Trinidad and Tobago , and south of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . eos
is located north of Trinidad and Tobago , and south of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . eos
is an archipelago located in the eastern Caribbean Sea at 16 ° 15 ` N , 61 ° 35 ` W , with a total area of 1,780 square kilometres ( 687 sq . mi ) . Guadeloupe is an overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , DOM ) of France . eos
is an overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , DOM ) of France . As with the other DOMs , Guadeloupe is also one of the twenty - six régions of France ( being a région d'outre - mer ) and an integral part of the Republic . As part of France , Guadeloupe is part of the European Union ; hence Guadeloupe currency is the euro . eos
is also one of the twenty - six régions of France ( being a région d'outre - mer ) and an integral part of the Republic . As part of France , Guadeloupe is part of the European Union ; hence Guadeloupe currency is the euro . Guadeloupe is however not party to the Schengen Agreement . eos
is part of the European Union ; hence Guadeloupe currency is the euro . Guadeloupe is however not party to the Schengen Agreement . eos
currency is the euro . Guadeloupe is however not party to the Schengen Agreement . eos
is however not party to the Schengen Agreement . eos
, officially the Republic of Guinea - Bissau ( pr . gin - ee - bi - sou . "" Portuguese : República da Guiné - Bissau "" , "" IPA : / ʁɛpuβlikɐdɐginɛbisaw / "" ) , is a country in western Africa , and one of the smallest nations in continental Africa . eos
is bordered by Senegal to the north , and Guinea to the south and east , with the Atlantic Ocean to Guinea-Bissau west . Formerly the Portuguese colony of Portuguese Guinea , upon independence , the name of Guinea-Bissau capital , Bissau , was added to Guinea-Bissau official name in order to prevent confusion between Guinea-Bissau and the Republic of Guinea . eos
west . Formerly the Portuguese colony of Portuguese Guinea , upon independence , the name of Guinea-Bissau capital , Bissau , was added to Guinea-Bissau official name in order to prevent confusion between Guinea-Bissau and the Republic of Guinea . eos
capital , Bissau , was added to Guinea-Bissau official name in order to prevent confusion between Guinea-Bissau and the Republic of Guinea . eos
official name in order to prevent confusion between Guinea-Bissau and the Republic of Guinea . eos
and the Republic of Guinea . eos
, officially the Republic of Guinea ( French : République de Guinée ) , is a nation in West Africa , formerly known as French Guinea . Guinea borders Guinea - Bissau and Senegal on the north , eos
borders Guinea - Bissau and Senegal on the north , Mali on the north and north - east , the Côte d'Ivoire on the south - east , Liberia on the south , and Sierra Leone on the west . Guinea territory encompasses the water source for the Niger , Senegal , and Gambia eos
territory encompasses the water source for the Niger , Senegal , and Gambia rivers , with a coastline facing the Atlantic Ocean . The name Guinea ( geographically assigned to most of Africa 's west coast , south of the Sahara desert and north of the Gulf of Guinea ) originates from Berber and roughly translates into ` land of the blacks . ' eos
is sometimes called Guinea - Conakry per Guinea capital to differentiate Guinea from the neighboring Guinea - Bissau ( whose capital is Bissau ) . eos
capital to differentiate Guinea from the neighboring Guinea - Bissau ( whose capital is Bissau ) . eos
from the neighboring Guinea - Bissau ( whose capital is Bissau ) . eos
( pronounced "" IPA : "" gaɪ ` ana "" "" , occasionally Anglicized as "" IPA : "" gaɪ ` ænə "" "" ) is the only nation state of the Commonwealth of Nations on the mainland of South America . Guyana is north of the Equator but in the tropics and Guyana has an atlantic coast . Guyana is bordered to the east by Suriname , to the south and southwest by Brazil and to the west by Venezuela . eos
is north of the Equator but in the tropics and Guyana has an atlantic coast . Guyana is bordered to the east by Suriname , to the south and southwest by Brazil and to the west by Venezuela . Guyana is the third smallest country on the mainland of South America and approximately the size of Great Britain . eos
has an atlantic coast . Guyana is bordered to the east by Suriname , to the south and southwest by Brazil and to the west by Venezuela . Guyana is the third smallest country on the mainland of South America and approximately the size of Great Britain . eos
is bordered to the east by Suriname , to the south and southwest by Brazil and to the west by Venezuela . Guyana is the third smallest country on the mainland of South America and approximately the size of Great Britain . Guyana is the only South American country whose official language is English , and Guyana is one of only two remaining countries in the mainland Americas to drive on the left . eos
is the third smallest country on the mainland of South America and approximately the size of Great Britain . Guyana is the only South American country whose official language is English , and Guyana is one of only two remaining countries in the mainland Americas to drive on the left . The official name of Guyana is the Co - operative Republic of Guyana . eos
is the only South American country whose official language is English , and Guyana is one of only two remaining countries in the mainland Americas to drive on the left . The official name of Guyana is the Co - operative Republic of Guyana . Guyana is an Amerindian word meaning Land of Many Waters . eos
is one of only two remaining countries in the mainland Americas to drive on the left . The official name of Guyana is the Co - operative Republic of Guyana . Guyana is an Amerindian word meaning Land of Many Waters . eos
is the Co - operative Republic of Guyana . Guyana is an Amerindian word meaning Land of Many Waters . Guyana can be characterized by Guyana vast rain forests dissected by numerous rivers , creeks and waterfalls , notably Kaieteur Falls on the Potaro River . eos
vast rain forests dissected by numerous rivers , creeks and waterfalls , notably Kaieteur Falls on the Potaro River . Guyana tepuis are famous for being the inspiration for Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's 1912 novel The Lost World . eos
can be characterized by Guyana vast rain forests dissected by numerous rivers , creeks and waterfalls , notably Kaieteur Falls on the Potaro River . Guyana tepuis are famous for being the inspiration for Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's 1912 novel The Lost World . eos
tepuis are famous for being the inspiration for Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's 1912 novel The Lost World . Guyana enjoys a friendly , multicultural society , high floral and faunal biodiversity , prize - winning rum , British Colonial architecture and Demerara sugar . eos
enjoys a friendly , multicultural society , high floral and faunal biodiversity , prize - winning rum , British Colonial architecture and Demerara sugar . Though physically part of South America , culturally Guyana is Caribbean rather than Latin American and Guyana is considered part of the West Indies . Other languages of Guyana include Creolese , Hindi , Wai - Wai , Arawak and Macushi . eos
is Caribbean rather than Latin American and Guyana is considered part of the West Indies . Other languages of Guyana include Creolese , Hindi , Wai - Wai , Arawak and Macushi . Guyana is currently in a border dispute with Suriname , which claims the land east of the Corentyne River in southeastern Guyana . eos
is considered part of the West Indies . Other languages of Guyana include Creolese , Hindi , Wai - Wai , Arawak and Macushi . Guyana is currently in a border dispute with Suriname , which claims the land east of the Corentyne River in southeastern Guyana . eos
include Creolese , Hindi , Wai - Wai , Arawak and Macushi . Guyana is currently in a border dispute with Suriname , which claims the land east of the Corentyne River in southeastern Guyana . Venezuela claims the land west of the Essequibo River as part of Guayana Esequiba . eos
is currently in a border dispute with Suriname , which claims the land east of the Corentyne River in southeastern Guyana . Venezuela claims the land west of the Essequibo River as part of Guayana Esequiba . eos
( Haïti in French ; Ayiti in Haitian Creole ; Hayti in nineteenth century English ) , officially the Republic of Haiti , occupies one third of the Caribbean island of Hispaniola , and Haiti also includes many smaller islands such as La Gonâve , La Tortue ( Tortuga ) , Les Cayemites , Île de Anacaona , and La Grande Caye . The uninhabited island of Navasse is claimed both by Haiti and the United States . eos
also includes many smaller islands such as La Gonâve , La Tortue ( Tortuga ) , Les Cayemites , Île de Anacaona , and La Grande Caye . The uninhabited island of Navasse is claimed both by Haiti and the United States . Haiti shares the island of Hispaniola with the Dominican Republic . eos
and the United States . Haiti shares the island of Hispaniola with the Dominican Republic . The total area of Haiti is 27,750 km ² ( 10,714 sq mi ) and Haiti capital is Port - au - Prince . eos
shares the island of Hispaniola with the Dominican Republic . The total area of Haiti is 27,750 km ² ( 10,714 sq mi ) and Haiti capital is Port - au - Prince . A former French colony , Haiti was to become the first independent black republic , and the only nation ever having a successful slave revolt . eos
is 27,750 km ² ( 10,714 sq mi ) and Haiti capital is Port - au - Prince . A former French colony , Haiti was to become the first independent black republic , and the only nation ever having a successful slave revolt . Haiti became the second independent country in the Americas ( after the United States ) when Haiti declared Haiti independence on january 1 , 1804 . eos
capital is Port - au - Prince . A former French colony , Haiti was to become the first independent black republic , and the only nation ever having a successful slave revolt . Haiti became the second independent country in the Americas ( after the United States ) when Haiti declared Haiti independence on january 1 , 1804 . eos
was to become the first independent black republic , and the only nation ever having a successful slave revolt . Haiti became the second independent country in the Americas ( after the United States ) when Haiti declared Haiti independence on january 1 , 1804 . Haiti has recently undergone a state of transition following an uprising , which forced President Jean - Bertrand Aristide to resign on february 29 , 2004 . eos
independence on january 1 , 1804 . Haiti has recently undergone a state of transition following an uprising , which forced President Jean - Bertrand Aristide to resign on february 29 , 2004 . He had been re - elected in 2000 in an election which several parties boycotted due to disputes with the vote - counting of a previous parliamentary election . eos
became the second independent country in the Americas ( after the United States ) when Haiti declared Haiti independence on january 1 , 1804 . Haiti has recently undergone a state of transition following an uprising , which forced President Jean - Bertrand Aristide to resign on february 29 , 2004 . He had been re - elected in 2000 in an election which several parties boycotted due to disputes with the vote - counting of a previous parliamentary election . eos
declared Haiti independence on january 1 , 1804 . Haiti has recently undergone a state of transition following an uprising , which forced President Jean - Bertrand Aristide to resign on february 29 , 2004 . He had been re - elected in 2000 in an election which several parties boycotted due to disputes with the vote - counting of a previous parliamentary election . eos
has recently undergone a state of transition following an uprising , which forced President Jean - Bertrand Aristide to resign on february 29 , 2004 . He had been re - elected in 2000 in an election which several parties boycotted due to disputes with the vote - counting of a previous parliamentary election . René Préval was elected president in his place on february 7 , 2006 , and took office in May . eos
( HIMI ) are uninhabited , barren islands located in the Southern Ocean at 53 ° 00 'S , 73 ° 00 ` E , about two - thirds of the way from Madagascar to Antarctica . Heard_Island_and_McDonald_Islands have been part of Australia since 1947 , and Heard_Island_and_McDonald_Islands contain the only two active volcanoes in Australian territory , one of which , Mawson Peak , is the highest Australian mountain . eos
have been part of Australia since 1947 , and Heard_Island_and_McDonald_Islands contain the only two active volcanoes in Australian territory , one of which , Mawson Peak , is the highest Australian mountain . Heard_Island_and_McDonald_Islands size is 372 km ² in area . eos
contain the only two active volcanoes in Australian territory , one of which , Mawson Peak , is the highest Australian mountain . Heard_Island_and_McDonald_Islands size is 372 km ² in area . eos
size is 372 km ² in area . eos
, officially the Republic of Honduras , often formerly known as Spanish Honduras , is a country in Central America , bordered to the west by Guatemala , to the southwest by El Salvador , to the southeast by Nicaragua , to the south by the Pacific Ocean and to the north by the Gulf of Honduras and the Caribbean Sea , with Belize ( formerly British Honduras ) situated 50 miles ( 75 km ) away , across the Gulf of Honduras . eos
( "" Traditional Chinese : 中華人民共和國香港特別行政區 "" "" pronunciation "" ) is one of the two special administrative regions ( SARs ) of the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , the other being Macau . Hong_Kong is commonly known as Hong Kong eos
is commonly known as Hong Kong ( "" Traditional Chinese : 香港 , Simplified Chinese : 香港 , Cantonese Yale : heūng góng , Pinyin : Xiānggǎng "" ) , which is often written Hongkong in older English - language texts . The Hong Kong Government officially changed the name of Hong_Kong to Hong Kong on 3 september 1926 . eos
to Hong Kong on 3 september 1926 . Hong_Kong is on the eastern side of the Pearl River Delta on the southeastern coast of the People 's Republic of China , facing the South China Sea in the south , and bordering Guangdong Province in the north . Because Hong_Kong has one of the world 's most liberal economies and Hong_Kong is a major international centre of finance and trade , Hong_Kong is China 's richest region . eos
is on the eastern side of the Pearl River Delta on the southeastern coast of the People 's Republic of China , facing the South China Sea in the south , and bordering Guangdong Province in the north . Because Hong_Kong has one of the world 's most liberal economies and Hong_Kong is a major international centre of finance and trade , Hong_Kong is China 's richest region . Hong_Kong was a British colony from 1842 , until Hong_Kong sovereignty was transferred to the PRC in 1997 . eos
has one of the world 's most liberal economies and Hong_Kong is a major international centre of finance and trade , Hong_Kong is China 's richest region . Hong_Kong was a British colony from 1842 , until Hong_Kong sovereignty was transferred to the PRC in 1997 . Hong_Kong is governed as a special administrative region under the Basic Law of Hong_Kong . eos
is a major international centre of finance and trade , Hong_Kong is China 's richest region . Hong_Kong was a British colony from 1842 , until Hong_Kong sovereignty was transferred to the PRC in 1997 . Hong_Kong is governed as a special administrative region under the Basic Law of Hong_Kong . eos
is China 's richest region . Hong_Kong was a British colony from 1842 , until Hong_Kong sovereignty was transferred to the PRC in 1997 . Hong_Kong is governed as a special administrative region under the Basic Law of Hong_Kong . eos
was a British colony from 1842 , until Hong_Kong sovereignty was transferred to the PRC in 1997 . Hong_Kong is governed as a special administrative region under the Basic Law of Hong_Kong . Under the terms of the Sino - British Joint Declaration , the PRC has promised that Hong_Kong will have a relatively high degree of autonomy until at least 2047 , fifty years after the transfer of sovereignty . eos
sovereignty was transferred to the PRC in 1997 . Hong_Kong is governed as a special administrative region under the Basic Law of Hong_Kong . Under the terms of the Sino - British Joint Declaration , the PRC has promised that Hong_Kong will have a relatively high degree of autonomy until at least 2047 , fifty years after the transfer of sovereignty . eos
is governed as a special administrative region under the Basic Law of Hong_Kong . Under the terms of the Sino - British Joint Declaration , the PRC has promised that Hong_Kong will have a relatively high degree of autonomy until at least 2047 , fifty years after the transfer of sovereignty . Under the ` ` One Country , Two Systems '' policy , Hong_Kong retains Hong_Kong own legal system , currency , customs policy , cultural delegation , international sport teams , and immigration laws , and with the PRC representing Hong_Kong diplomatically and militarily . eos
. Under the terms of the Sino - British Joint Declaration , the PRC has promised that Hong_Kong will have a relatively high degree of autonomy until at least 2047 , fifty years after the transfer of sovereignty . Under the ` ` One Country , Two Systems '' policy , Hong_Kong retains Hong_Kong own legal system , currency , customs policy , cultural delegation , international sport teams , and immigration laws , and with the PRC representing Hong_Kong diplomatically and militarily . eos
will have a relatively high degree of autonomy until at least 2047 , fifty years after the transfer of sovereignty . Under the ` ` One Country , Two Systems '' policy , Hong_Kong retains Hong_Kong own legal system , currency , customs policy , cultural delegation , international sport teams , and immigration laws , and with the PRC representing Hong_Kong diplomatically and militarily . eos
retains Hong_Kong own legal system , currency , customs policy , cultural delegation , international sport teams , and immigration laws , and with the PRC representing Hong_Kong diplomatically and militarily . eos
own legal system , currency , customs policy , cultural delegation , international sport teams , and immigration laws , and with the PRC representing Hong_Kong diplomatically and militarily . eos
diplomatically and militarily . eos
( Hungarian : Magyarország listen ) , officially the Republic of Hungary ( Magyar Köztársaság listen ) , is a landlocked country in Central Europe , bordered by Austria , Slovakia , Ukraine , Romania , Serbia , Croatia , and Slovenia . Hungary has been a member state of the European Union since May 1 2004 . eos
has been a member state of the European Union since May 1 2004 . eos
, officially the Republic of Iceland ( "" Icelandic : Ísland or Lýðveldið Ísland "" ; "" IPA : ˈliðvɛltɪð ˈislant "" ) is a volcanic island nation in the northern Atlantic Ocean between Greenland , Norway , Scotland , Ireland and the Faroe Islands . eos
( Devanagari : भारत Bhārat ) , officially the Republic of India ( Bhārata Gaṇarājya ) , is a country in South Asia . eos
is the seventh - largest country by geographical area , the second most populous country , and the most populous liberal democracy in the world . India has a coastline of over seven thousand kilometres , bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the west , and the Bay of Bengal on the east . India borders Pakistan to the west ; China , Nepal and Bhutan to the north - east ; and Bangladesh and Myanmar to the east . eos
has a coastline of over seven thousand kilometres , bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south , the Arabian Sea on the west , and the Bay of Bengal on the east . India borders Pakistan to the west ; China , Nepal and Bhutan to the north - east ; and Bangladesh and Myanmar to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka , Maldives , Indonesia and Thailand . eos
borders Pakistan to the west ; China , Nepal and Bhutan to the north - east ; and Bangladesh and Myanmar to the east . In the Indian Ocean , India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka , Maldives , Indonesia and Thailand . Home to the Indus Valley Civilization and a hub of ancient trade routes , the Indian subcontinent became the seat of vast empires whose achievements include the decimal number system , the Buddhist art of Ajanta , and the Taj Mahal . eos
is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka , Maldives , Indonesia and Thailand . Home to the Indus Valley Civilization and a hub of ancient trade routes , the Indian subcontinent became the seat of vast empires whose achievements include the decimal number system , the Buddhist art of Ajanta , and the Taj Mahal . Four major world religions , Hinduism , Buddhism , Jainism and Sikhism originated in India , while Islam , Christianity , Judaism and Zoroastrianism , arrived in the first millennium CE and shaped the variegated culture of India . eos
, while Islam , Christianity , Judaism and Zoroastrianism , arrived in the first millennium CE and shaped the variegated culture of India . Colonised by the British East India Company in the 18th century and directly administered by Great Britain starting the mid-19th century , India became a modern nation - state in 1947 after a struggle for independence marked by widespread use of nonviolent resistance as a means of social protest . With the world 's fourth largest economy in purchasing power and the second fastest growing large economy , India has made rapid progress in the last decade , most notably in information technology . eos
. Colonised by the British East India Company in the 18th century and directly administered by Great Britain starting the mid-19th century , India became a modern nation - state in 1947 after a struggle for independence marked by widespread use of nonviolent resistance as a means of social protest . With the world 's fourth largest economy in purchasing power and the second fastest growing large economy , India has made rapid progress in the last decade , most notably in information technology . eos
became a modern nation - state in 1947 after a struggle for independence marked by widespread use of nonviolent resistance as a means of social protest . With the world 's fourth largest economy in purchasing power and the second fastest growing large economy , India has made rapid progress in the last decade , most notably in information technology . A declared nuclear deterrent state , with an active space program , India is considered an emerging superpower . eos
has made rapid progress in the last decade , most notably in information technology . A declared nuclear deterrent state , with an active space program , India is considered an emerging superpower . Although India standard of living is projected to rise sharply in the next half - century , India currently battles high levels of poverty , persistent malnutrition , and environmental degradation . eos
is considered an emerging superpower . Although India standard of living is projected to rise sharply in the next half - century , India currently battles high levels of poverty , persistent malnutrition , and environmental degradation . A multi - lingual , multi - ethnic society , India is home to a diversity of wildlife in a variety of habitat consisting of evergreen forest , deciduous forest , desert , rain forest , and mangrove . eos
standard of living is projected to rise sharply in the next half - century , India currently battles high levels of poverty , persistent malnutrition , and environmental degradation . A multi - lingual , multi - ethnic society , India is home to a diversity of wildlife in a variety of habitat consisting of evergreen forest , deciduous forest , desert , rain forest , and mangrove . eos
currently battles high levels of poverty , persistent malnutrition , and environmental degradation . A multi - lingual , multi - ethnic society , India is home to a diversity of wildlife in a variety of habitat consisting of evergreen forest , deciduous forest , desert , rain forest , and mangrove . eos
is home to a diversity of wildlife in a variety of habitat consisting of evergreen forest , deciduous forest , desert , rain forest , and mangrove . eos
, officially the Republic of Indonesia ( Indonesian : Republik Indonesia ) , is a nation of 18,110 islands in the South East Asian Archipelago , making Indonesia the world 's largest archipelagic state . Indonesia capital is Jakarta . eos
the world 's largest archipelagic state . Indonesia capital is Jakarta . Indonesia is bordered by the nations of Papua New Guinea , East Timor , and Malaysia . eos
capital is Jakarta . Indonesia is bordered by the nations of Papua New Guinea , East Timor , and Malaysia . With a population of over 200 million , Indonesia is the world 's fourth most populous country and the most populous nation with a majority of Muslims . eos
is bordered by the nations of Papua New Guinea , East Timor , and Malaysia . With a population of over 200 million , Indonesia is the world 's fourth most populous country and the most populous nation with a majority of Muslims . The Indonesian Archipelago , home of the Spice Islands , has been an important trade destination since early Chinese sailors began to find profit in the spice trade during ancient times . eos
is the world 's fourth most populous country and the most populous nation with a majority of Muslims . The Indonesian Archipelago , home of the Spice Islands , has been an important trade destination since early Chinese sailors began to find profit in the spice trade during ancient times . Much of Indonesia history has been influenced by the many foreign powers that have been drawn to the archipelago by its wealth of natural resources . eos
history has been influenced by the many foreign powers that have been drawn to the archipelago by its wealth of natural resources . These have included Classical Hindus and Buddhists from India , Muslim traders in medieval times , and Europeans during the Age of Exploration , who fought for monopolization of the spice trade . Indonesia was colonized by the Dutch for over three centuries ; however , Indonesia declared Indonesia independence in 1945 , which was internationally recognized four years later . eos
was colonized by the Dutch for over three centuries ; however , Indonesia declared Indonesia independence in 1945 , which was internationally recognized four years later . Since then , Indonesia has had a turbulent history , including political instability and corruption , periods of rapid economic growth and decline , environmental catastrophe , and a recent democratization process . Indonesia is a unitary state consisting of numerous distinct ethnic , linguistic , and religious groups spread across Indonesia numerous islands . eos
declared Indonesia independence in 1945 , which was internationally recognized four years later . Since then , Indonesia has had a turbulent history , including political instability and corruption , periods of rapid economic growth and decline , environmental catastrophe , and a recent democratization process . Indonesia is a unitary state consisting of numerous distinct ethnic , linguistic , and religious groups spread across Indonesia numerous islands . eos
independence in 1945 , which was internationally recognized four years later . Since then , Indonesia has had a turbulent history , including political instability and corruption , periods of rapid economic growth and decline , environmental catastrophe , and a recent democratization process . Indonesia is a unitary state consisting of numerous distinct ethnic , linguistic , and religious groups spread across Indonesia numerous islands . eos
has had a turbulent history , including political instability and corruption , periods of rapid economic growth and decline , environmental catastrophe , and a recent democratization process . Indonesia is a unitary state consisting of numerous distinct ethnic , linguistic , and religious groups spread across Indonesia numerous islands . The modern borders of Indonesia are based upon those of the Dutch East Indies colony , rather than on any preconceived notion of unity . eos
is a unitary state consisting of numerous distinct ethnic , linguistic , and religious groups spread across Indonesia numerous islands . The modern borders of Indonesia are based upon those of the Dutch East Indies colony , rather than on any preconceived notion of unity . However , a shared history of colonialism , rebellion against it , a national Indonesian language , and a religious majority of Islam help to define Indonesia as a state . eos
numerous islands . The modern borders of Indonesia are based upon those of the Dutch East Indies colony , rather than on any preconceived notion of unity . However , a shared history of colonialism , rebellion against it , a national Indonesian language , and a religious majority of Islam help to define Indonesia as a state . eos
are based upon those of the Dutch East Indies colony , rather than on any preconceived notion of unity . However , a shared history of colonialism , rebellion against it , a national Indonesian language , and a religious majority of Islam help to define Indonesia as a state . Indonesia national motto , Bhinneka tunggal ika ( derived from Old Javanese for unity in diversity ) , reflects the amalgamation of Indonesia myriad cultures , languages , and ethnic groups . eos
as a state . Indonesia national motto , Bhinneka tunggal ika ( derived from Old Javanese for unity in diversity ) , reflects the amalgamation of Indonesia myriad cultures , languages , and ethnic groups . However , sectarian tensions have threatened political stability in some regions , leading to violent confrontations and the secession of East Timor . eos
national motto , Bhinneka tunggal ika ( derived from Old Javanese for unity in diversity ) , reflects the amalgamation of Indonesia myriad cultures , languages , and ethnic groups . However , sectarian tensions have threatened political stability in some regions , leading to violent confrontations and the secession of East Timor . eos
myriad cultures , languages , and ethnic groups . However , sectarian tensions have threatened political stability in some regions , leading to violent confrontations and the secession of East Timor . eos
( "" Persian : ايران "" , Īrān ) , officially the Islamic Republic of Iran ( "" Persian : جمهوری اسلامی ايران "" , transliteration : Jomhūrī - ye Eslāmī - ye Īrān ) , is a country located in west Asia , once known as Persia to the Western world . eos
borders Armenia , Azerbaijan ( including its Nakhichevan exclave ) , and Turkmenistan to the north , Pakistan and Afghanistan to the east , and Turkey and Iraq to the west . In addition , Iran borders the Persian Gulf , across which lie Kuwait , Iraq , Saudi Arabia , Bahrain , Oman , Qatar , and the United Arab Emirates . Shi'a eos
borders the Persian Gulf , across which lie Kuwait , Iraq , Saudi Arabia , Bahrain , Oman , Qatar , and the United Arab Emirates . Shi'a Islam is the official state religion and Persian the official language . eos
has been of great geostrategic importance because of Iran central location in Eurasia . Iran is a member and co - founder of the United Nations , NAM , the OIC , and OPEC . Iran is also significant in international politics on account of Iran large supply of petroleum . eos
central location in Eurasia . Iran is a member and co - founder of the United Nations , NAM , the OIC , and OPEC . Iran is also significant in international politics on account of Iran large supply of petroleum . eos
is a member and co - founder of the United Nations , NAM , the OIC , and OPEC . Iran is also significant in international politics on account of Iran large supply of petroleum . The name Iran is a cognate of Aryan and literally means ` ` Land of the Aryans . '' eos
is also significant in international politics on account of Iran large supply of petroleum . The name Iran is a cognate of Aryan and literally means ` ` Land of the Aryans . '' eos
large supply of petroleum . The name Iran is a cognate of Aryan and literally means ` ` Land of the Aryans . '' eos
( conventional short form : Iraq ) ( "" Arabic : "" العراق "" Arabic transliteration : ` al - ` Irāq "" , Kurdish : عيَراق ) , is a country in Southwest Asia encompassing most of Mesopotamia as well as the northwestern end of the Zagros mountain range and the eastern part of the Syrian Desert . eos
shares borders with Kuwait and Saudi Arabia to the south , Jordan to the west , Syria to the northwest , Turkey to the north , and Iran to the east . Iraq has a very narrow section of coastline at Umm Qasr on the Persian Gulf . eos
has a very narrow section of coastline at Umm Qasr on the Persian Gulf . eos
( Hebrew : מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל , Medinat Yisra'el ; "" Arabic : دَوْلَةْ إِسْرَائِيل "" , Dawlat Isrā ` īl ) , officially the State of Israel , is a country in Western Asia on the southeastern edge of the Mediterranean Sea . Israel is bordered by Lebanon in the north , Syria and Jordan in the east , and Egypt in the south - west and Israel has a population of over seven million people . eos
is bordered by Lebanon in the north , Syria and Jordan in the east , and Egypt in the south - west and Israel has a population of over seven million people . Proclaimed independent in 1948 , Israel is the world 's only Jewish state , although Israel population includes citizens of many ethnic and religious backgrounds ( see Israelis ) . eos
has a population of over seven million people . Proclaimed independent in 1948 , Israel is the world 's only Jewish state , although Israel population includes citizens of many ethnic and religious backgrounds ( see Israelis ) . According to the international data reported by Freedom House , the degree of political rights and civil liberties in Israel makes Israel the only liberal democracy in the Middle East , consisting of a multi - party system and separation of powers . eos
is the world 's only Jewish state , although Israel population includes citizens of many ethnic and religious backgrounds ( see Israelis ) . According to the international data reported by Freedom House , the degree of political rights and civil liberties in Israel makes Israel the only liberal democracy in the Middle East , consisting of a multi - party system and separation of powers . Israel has a vibrant cultural life and a technologically and industrially advanced economy . eos
population includes citizens of many ethnic and religious backgrounds ( see Israelis ) . According to the international data reported by Freedom House , the degree of political rights and civil liberties in Israel makes Israel the only liberal democracy in the Middle East , consisting of a multi - party system and separation of powers . Israel has a vibrant cultural life and a technologically and industrially advanced economy . eos
makes Israel the only liberal democracy in the Middle East , consisting of a multi - party system and separation of powers . Israel has a vibrant cultural life and a technologically and industrially advanced economy . Israel was ranked 23rd out of 177 countries in the 2006 United Nations Human Development Index , the highest ranking in the Middle East and third highest in Asia . eos
the only liberal democracy in the Middle East , consisting of a multi - party system and separation of powers . Israel has a vibrant cultural life and a technologically and industrially advanced economy . Israel was ranked 23rd out of 177 countries in the 2006 United Nations Human Development Index , the highest ranking in the Middle East and third highest in Asia . eos
has a vibrant cultural life and a technologically and industrially advanced economy . Israel was ranked 23rd out of 177 countries in the 2006 United Nations Human Development Index , the highest ranking in the Middle East and third highest in Asia . eos
was ranked 23rd out of 177 countries in the 2006 United Nations Human Development Index , the highest ranking in the Middle East and third highest in Asia . eos
is an island nation of the Greater Antilles , 240 kilometres ( 150 mi ) in length and as much as 85 kilometres ( 50 mi ) in width situated in the Caribbean Sea . Jamaica is 635 kilometres ( 391 mi ) east of the Central American mainland , 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) south of Cuba , and 180 kilometres ( 112 mi ) west of the island of Hispaniola , on which Haiti and the Dominican Republic are situated . eos
is 635 kilometres ( 391 mi ) east of the Central American mainland , 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) south of Cuba , and 180 kilometres ( 112 mi ) west of the island of Hispaniola , on which Haiti and the Dominican Republic are situated . Jamaica indigenous Arawakan - speaking Taíno inhabitants named Jamaica Xaymaca , meaning either the ` ` Land of Springs , '' or the ` ` Land of Wood and Water . '' eos
indigenous Arawakan - speaking Taíno inhabitants named Jamaica Xaymaca , meaning either the ` ` Land of Springs , '' or the ` ` Land of Wood and Water . '' Formerly a Spanish possession known as Santiago , then the British West Indies Crown colony of Jamaica . Jamaica is the third most populous Anglophone country in the Americas , after the United States and Canada . eos
Xaymaca , meaning either the ` ` Land of Springs , '' or the ` ` Land of Wood and Water . '' Formerly a Spanish possession known as Santiago , then the British West Indies Crown colony of Jamaica . Jamaica is the third most populous Anglophone country in the Americas , after the United States and Canada . eos
is the third most populous Anglophone country in the Americas , after the United States and Canada . eos
( Japanese : 日本/日本国 , Nihon or Nippon , officially Nihon - koku or Nippon - koku ) is an island country in East Asia . Located in the Pacific Ocean , Japan lies to the east of China , Korea , and Russia , stretching from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea in the south . eos
lies to the east of China , Korea , and Russia , stretching from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea in the south . The characters that make up Japan name literally mean ` ` Sun 's Origin '' , thus Japan is also sometimes known as the self - identified ` ` The Land of the Rising Sun '' , a name that comes from Japan eastward position relative to China . Japan capital and largest city is Tokyo . eos
name literally mean ` ` Sun 's Origin '' , thus Japan is also sometimes known as the self - identified ` ` The Land of the Rising Sun '' , a name that comes from Japan eastward position relative to China . Japan capital and largest city is Tokyo . At 377,872 square kilometres ( 145,898 sq meter ) , Japan is the sixty - second largest country by area . eos
is also sometimes known as the self - identified ` ` The Land of the Rising Sun '' , a name that comes from Japan eastward position relative to China . Japan capital and largest city is Tokyo . At 377,872 square kilometres ( 145,898 sq meter ) , Japan is the sixty - second largest country by area . eos
eastward position relative to China . Japan capital and largest city is Tokyo . At 377,872 square kilometres ( 145,898 sq meter ) , Japan is the sixty - second largest country by area . eos
capital and largest city is Tokyo . At 377,872 square kilometres ( 145,898 sq meter ) , Japan is the sixty - second largest country by area . Japan encompasses over 3,000 islands , the largest of which are Honshū , Hokkaidō , Kyūshū and Shikoku . eos
is the sixty - second largest country by area . Japan encompasses over 3,000 islands , the largest of which are Honshū , Hokkaidō , Kyūshū and Shikoku . Most of Japan islands are mountainous , and many are volcanic , including the highest peak , Mount Fuji . eos
encompasses over 3,000 islands , the largest of which are Honshū , Hokkaidō , Kyūshū and Shikoku . Most of Japan islands are mountainous , and many are volcanic , including the highest peak , Mount Fuji . Japan has the world 's 10th largest population , with nearly 128 million people . eos
islands are mountainous , and many are volcanic , including the highest peak , Mount Fuji . Japan has the world 's 10th largest population , with nearly 128 million people . The Greater Tokyo Area , with over 30 million residents , is the largest metropolitan area in the world . eos
has the world 's 10th largest population , with nearly 128 million people . The Greater Tokyo Area , with over 30 million residents , is the largest metropolitan area in the world . Archaeological research indicates that people were living on the islands of Japan as early as the upper paleolithic period . eos
as early as the upper paleolithic period . The first written mention of Japan begins with brief appearances in Chinese history texts from the 1st century AD Japanese history has been marked by alternating periods of long isolation and radical influence from the outside world . Japan culture today is a mixture of outside influences and internal developments . eos
begins with brief appearances in Chinese history texts from the 1st century AD Japanese history has been marked by alternating periods of long isolation and radical influence from the outside world . Japan culture today is a mixture of outside influences and internal developments . Since Japan adopted Japan constitution on May 3 , 1947 , Japan has maintained a unitary constitutional monarchy with an emperor and an elected parliament , the Diet , which is one of the oldest legislative bodies in Asia . eos
culture today is a mixture of outside influences and internal developments . Since Japan adopted Japan constitution on May 3 , 1947 , Japan has maintained a unitary constitutional monarchy with an emperor and an elected parliament , the Diet , which is one of the oldest legislative bodies in Asia . Japan is an economic world power with the world 's second largest economy ( by nominal GDP ) , and Japan is eos
adopted Japan constitution on May 3 , 1947 , Japan has maintained a unitary constitutional monarchy with an emperor and an elected parliament , the Diet , which is one of the oldest legislative bodies in Asia . Japan is an economic world power with the world 's second largest economy ( by nominal GDP ) , and Japan is the sixth largest exporter and importer and Japan is a member of the United Nations , G8 , G4 , and APEC . eos
constitution on May 3 , 1947 , Japan has maintained a unitary constitutional monarchy with an emperor and an elected parliament , the Diet , which is one of the oldest legislative bodies in Asia . Japan is an economic world power with the world 's second largest economy ( by nominal GDP ) , and Japan is the sixth largest exporter and importer and Japan is a member of the United Nations , G8 , G4 , and APEC . eos
has maintained a unitary constitutional monarchy with an emperor and an elected parliament , the Diet , which is one of the oldest legislative bodies in Asia . Japan is an economic world power with the world 's second largest economy ( by nominal GDP ) , and Japan is the sixth largest exporter and importer and Japan is a member of the United Nations , G8 , G4 , and APEC . eos
is an economic world power with the world 's second largest economy ( by nominal GDP ) , and Japan is the sixth largest exporter and importer and Japan is a member of the United Nations , G8 , G4 , and APEC . eos
is the sixth largest exporter and importer and Japan is a member of the United Nations , G8 , G4 , and APEC . eos
is a member of the United Nations , G8 , G4 , and APEC . eos
, also spelled Kazakstan or Khazakhstan , ( Kazakh : Қазақстан , Qazaqstan , IPA "" IPA : "" qɑzɑqˈstɑn "" "" ; Russian : Казахстан , Kazakhstán , IPA "" IPA : "" kəzʌxˈstan "" "" ) , officially the Republic of Kazakhstan , is a country that stretches over a vast expanse of northern and central Eurasia . A small portion of Kazakhstan territory west of the Ural River is located in eastern - most Europe . eos
territory west of the Ural River is located in eastern - most Europe . Kazakhstan has borders with Russia , the People 's Republic of China , and the Central Asian countries Kyrgyzstan , Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan , and Kazakhstan has a coastline on the Caspian Sea . Kazakhstan was a republic of the former Soviet Union and Kazakhstan is now a member of the Commonwealth of Independent States . eos
has borders with Russia , the People 's Republic of China , and the Central Asian countries Kyrgyzstan , Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan , and Kazakhstan has a coastline on the Caspian Sea . Kazakhstan was a republic of the former Soviet Union and Kazakhstan is now a member of the Commonwealth of Independent States . Kazakhstan is the ninth - largest country in the world by area , but Kazakhstan is only 62nd country in population , with approximately 6 persons per km ² ( 15 per sq . eos
has a coastline on the Caspian Sea . Kazakhstan was a republic of the former Soviet Union and Kazakhstan is now a member of the Commonwealth of Independent States . Kazakhstan is the ninth - largest country in the world by area , but Kazakhstan is only 62nd country in population , with approximately 6 persons per km ² ( 15 per sq . eos
was a republic of the former Soviet Union and Kazakhstan is now a member of the Commonwealth of Independent States . Kazakhstan is the ninth - largest country in the world by area , but Kazakhstan is only 62nd country in population , with approximately 6 persons per km ² ( 15 per sq . mi . ) . eos
is now a member of the Commonwealth of Independent States . Kazakhstan is the ninth - largest country in the world by area , but Kazakhstan is only 62nd country in population , with approximately 6 persons per km ² ( 15 per sq . mi . ) . eos
is the ninth - largest country in the world by area , but Kazakhstan is only 62nd country in population , with approximately 6 persons per km ² ( 15 per sq . mi . ) . Population in 2006 is estimated at 15,300,000 , down from 16,464,464 in 1989 due to the emigration of ethnic Russians and Volga Germans . eos
is only 62nd country in population , with approximately 6 persons per km ² ( 15 per sq . mi . ) . Population in 2006 is estimated at 15,300,000 , down from 16,464,464 in 1989 due to the emigration of ethnic Russians and Volga Germans . eos
land consists of semi - desert ( steppe ) terrain . eos
( "" Arabic : الكويت "" ) is a small constitutional monarchy on the coast of the Persian Gulf , enclosed by Saudi Arabia in the south and Iraq in the north . The name is a diminutive of an Arabic word meaning ` ` fortress built near water . '' eos
( Kyrgyz and Russian : Кыргызстан , variously transliterated ) , officially the Kyrgyz Republic , is a country in Central Asia . Landlocked and mountainous , Kyrgyzstan borders Kazakhstan to the north , Uzbekistan to the west , Tajikistan to the southwest and the People 's Republic of China to the southeast . Kyrgyzstan means the ` ` Land of the Kyrgyz '' . eos
borders Kazakhstan to the north , Uzbekistan to the west , Tajikistan to the southwest and the People 's Republic of China to the southeast . Kyrgyzstan means the ` ` Land of the Kyrgyz '' . Kyrgyzstan is also occasionally called ` ` the Switzerland of Central Asia '' . eos
is also occasionally called ` ` the Switzerland of Central Asia '' . eos
, officially the Lao People 's Democratic Republic , is a landlocked socialist republic communist state in southeast Asia , bordered by Myanmar ( Burma ) and the People 's Republic of China to the northwest , Vietnam to the east , Cambodia to the south , and Thailand to the west . Laos traces Laos history to the Kingdom of Lan Xang or Land of a Million Elephants , which existed from the 14th to the 18th century . After a period as a French colony , Laos gained independence in 1949 . eos
traces Laos history to the Kingdom of Lan Xang or Land of a Million Elephants , which existed from the 14th to the 18th century . After a period as a French colony , Laos gained independence in 1949 . A long civil war ended when the communist Pathet Lao came to power in 1975 . eos
history to the Kingdom of Lan Xang or Land of a Million Elephants , which existed from the 14th to the 18th century . After a period as a French colony , Laos gained independence in 1949 . A long civil war ended when the communist Pathet Lao came to power in 1975 . eos
gained independence in 1949 . A long civil war ended when the communist Pathet Lao came to power in 1975 . Private enterprise has increased since the mid-1980s , but development has been hampered by poor communications in the heavily forested and mountainous landscape . eos
ethnic make - up is extremely diverse , with only around 60 % belonging to the largest ethnic group , the Lao . eos
, officially the Republic of Latvia ( Latvian : Latvija or Latvijas Republika , Livonian : Lețmō ) , is a country in Northern Europe . Latvia shares land borders with two fellow Baltic states - Estonia to the north and Lithuania to the south - and both Russia and Belarus to the east . eos
shares land borders with two fellow Baltic states - Estonia to the north and Lithuania to the south - and both Russia and Belarus to the east . In the west , Latvia shares a maritime border with Sweden . The capital of Latvia is Riga ( Latvian : Rīga ) . eos
shares a maritime border with Sweden . The capital of Latvia is Riga ( Latvian : Rīga ) . Latvia has been a member state of the European Union since May 1 , 2004 . eos
is Riga ( Latvian : Rīga ) . Latvia has been a member state of the European Union since May 1 , 2004 . eos
has been a member state of the European Union since May 1 , 2004 . eos
( pronounced IPA : lɪˈsuːtu ) , officially the Kingdom of Lesotho , is a land - locked country , entirely surrounded by the Republic of South Africa . Formerly Basutoland , Lesotho is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations . The name Lesotho roughly translates into ` ` the land of the people who speak Sotho . '' eos
is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations . The name Lesotho roughly translates into ` ` the land of the people who speak Sotho . '' eos
, officially the Republic of Liberia , is a country on the west coast of Africa , bordered by Sierra Leone , Guinea , and Côte d'Ivoire . Liberia , which means ` ` Land of the Free , '' was founded as an independent nation by free - born and formerly enslaved African Americans . Recently Liberia has witnessed two civil wars , the Liberian Civil War ( 1989 - 1996 ) , and the Second Liberian Civil War ( 1999 - 2003 ) , that have displaced hundreds of thousands and destroyed Liberia economy . eos
, which means ` ` Land of the Free , '' was founded as an independent nation by free - born and formerly enslaved African Americans . Recently Liberia has witnessed two civil wars , the Liberian Civil War ( 1989 - 1996 ) , and the Second Liberian Civil War ( 1999 - 2003 ) , that have displaced hundreds of thousands and destroyed Liberia economy . eos
has witnessed two civil wars , the Liberian Civil War ( 1989 - 1996 ) , and the Second Liberian Civil War ( 1999 - 2003 ) , that have displaced hundreds of thousands and destroyed Liberia economy . eos
economy . eos
( "" Arabic : ليبيا "" , "" Arabic - Latin transliteration : Lībiyā "" ; Amazigh : ) , officially the Great Socialist People 's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya ( "" Arabic : الجماهيرية العربية الليبية الشعبية الإشتراكية العظمى "" , "" Arabic - Latin transliteration : Al - Jamāhīriyyah al - Arabiyyah al - Lībiyyah aš - Šabiyyah al - Ištirākiyyah al - Uthmā "" ) , is a country in North Africa . eos
lies between Egypt to the east , Sudan to the southeast , Chad and Niger to the south , and Algeria and Tunisia to the west . With an area of almost 1.8 million square kilometres ( 700,000 sq mi ) , 90 % of which is desert , Libya is the fourth largest country in Africa by area , and the 17th largest in the world . The capital , Tripoli , is home to 1.7 million of Libya 5.7 million people . eos
is the fourth largest country in Africa by area , and the 17th largest in the world . The capital , Tripoli , is home to 1.7 million of Libya 5.7 million people . The three traditional parts of Libya are Tripolitania , the Fezzan and Cyrenaica . eos
5.7 million people . The three traditional parts of Libya are Tripolitania , the Fezzan and Cyrenaica . The name ` ` Libya '' is derived from the Egyptian term ` ` Libu '' , which refers to one of the the tribes eos
are Tripolitania , the Fezzan and Cyrenaica . The name ` ` Libya '' is derived from the Egyptian term ` ` Libu '' , which refers to one of the the tribes Berber peoples living west of the Nile . eos
has one of the highest Gross Domestic Products per person in Africa , largely because of Libya great oil reserves . Libya is led by Colonel Muammar al - Gaddafi , whose foreign policy has often brought him into conflict with the West . eos
great oil reserves . Libya is led by Colonel Muammar al - Gaddafi , whose foreign policy has often brought him into conflict with the West . eos
is led by Colonel Muammar al - Gaddafi , whose foreign policy has often brought him into conflict with the West . eos
( German : Fürstentum Liechtenstein ) is a small , doubly landlocked country in Central Europe , bordered by Switzerland to Liechtenstein west and by Austria to Liechtenstein east . Mountainous , Liechtenstein is a winter sports resort , though Liechtenstein is perhaps best - known as a tax haven . eos
west and by Austria to Liechtenstein east . Mountainous , Liechtenstein is a winter sports resort , though Liechtenstein is perhaps best - known as a tax haven . Despite this , Liechtenstein is not heavily urbanized ( like the Principality of Monaco or Gibraltar ) but many cultivated fields and little farms characterize Liechtenstein landscape both in the north ( Unterland ) and in the south ( Oberland ) . eos
east . Mountainous , Liechtenstein is a winter sports resort , though Liechtenstein is perhaps best - known as a tax haven . Despite this , Liechtenstein is not heavily urbanized ( like the Principality of Monaco or Gibraltar ) but many cultivated fields and little farms characterize Liechtenstein landscape both in the north ( Unterland ) and in the south ( Oberland ) . eos
is a winter sports resort , though Liechtenstein is perhaps best - known as a tax haven . Despite this , Liechtenstein is not heavily urbanized ( like the Principality of Monaco or Gibraltar ) but many cultivated fields and little farms characterize Liechtenstein landscape both in the north ( Unterland ) and in the south ( Oberland ) . Liechtenstein is the smallest German - speaking country in the world . eos
is perhaps best - known as a tax haven . Despite this , Liechtenstein is not heavily urbanized ( like the Principality of Monaco or Gibraltar ) but many cultivated fields and little farms characterize Liechtenstein landscape both in the north ( Unterland ) and in the south ( Oberland ) . Liechtenstein is the smallest German - speaking country in the world . eos
is not heavily urbanized ( like the Principality of Monaco or Gibraltar ) but many cultivated fields and little farms characterize Liechtenstein landscape both in the north ( Unterland ) and in the south ( Oberland ) . Liechtenstein is the smallest German - speaking country in the world . eos
landscape both in the north ( Unterland ) and in the south ( Oberland ) . Liechtenstein is the smallest German - speaking country in the world . eos
is the smallest German - speaking country in the world . eos
, officially the Republic of Lithuania ( Lithuanian : Lietuva ; official - Lietuvos Respublika ) , is a country in northern Europe . The largest of the three Baltic States situated along the Baltic Sea , Lithuania shares borders with Latvia to the north , Belarus to the southeast , Poland and the Russian exclave of the Kaliningrad Oblast to the southwest . eos
shares borders with Latvia to the north , Belarus to the southeast , Poland and the Russian exclave of the Kaliningrad Oblast to the southwest . Lithuania has been a member state of the European Union since May 1 2004 . eos
has been a member state of the European Union since May 1 2004 . eos
( "" Traditional Chinese : 中華人民共和國澳門特別行政區 "" "" in Mandarin , in Cantonese "" ; Portuguese : Região Administrativa Especial de Macau da República Popular da China "" in Portuguese "" , abbreviated as RAEM ) , commonly known as Macau or Macao ( "" Traditional Chinese : 澳門 "" , or informally known as 馬交 ) is a small territory on the southern coast of the People 's Republic of China . Administered by Portugal until 1999 , Macau was the oldest European colony in China , dating back to the 16th century . eos
was the oldest European colony in China , dating back to the 16th century . The administrative power over Macau was transferred to the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) in 1999 , and Macau is now one of two special administrative regions of the PRC , together with Hong Kong . Besides historical Chinese and Portuguese world - heritage relics , Macau biggest attraction is Macau gambling industry and casinos . eos
was transferred to the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) in 1999 , and Macau is now one of two special administrative regions of the PRC , together with Hong Kong . Besides historical Chinese and Portuguese world - heritage relics , Macau biggest attraction is Macau gambling industry and casinos . Though many forms of gambling are legal here , the most popular game is baccarat , which generates over two thirds of the gaming industry 's gross receipts . eos
is now one of two special administrative regions of the PRC , together with Hong Kong . Besides historical Chinese and Portuguese world - heritage relics , Macau biggest attraction is Macau gambling industry and casinos . Though many forms of gambling are legal here , the most popular game is baccarat , which generates over two thirds of the gaming industry 's gross receipts . eos
biggest attraction is Macau gambling industry and casinos . Though many forms of gambling are legal here , the most popular game is baccarat , which generates over two thirds of the gaming industry 's gross receipts . eos
gambling industry and casinos . Though many forms of gambling are legal here , the most popular game is baccarat , which generates over two thirds of the gaming industry 's gross receipts . eos
( Republic of Madagascar ) , is an island nation in the Indian Ocean , off the eastern coast of Africa , close to Mozambique . The main island , also called Madagascar , is the fourth largest island in the world . Madagascar is home to five percent of the world 's plant and animal species , more than 80 percent of them endemic to Madagascar . eos
is home to five percent of the world 's plant and animal species , more than 80 percent of them endemic to Madagascar . Most notable are the lemur infraorder of primates , the carnivorous fossa , three endemic bird families and six endemic baobab species . The adjective of Madagascar is Malagasy ( pronounced ` ` mal - la - gas - ee '' ) . eos
. Most notable are the lemur infraorder of primates , the carnivorous fossa , three endemic bird families and six endemic baobab species . The adjective of Madagascar is Malagasy ( pronounced ` ` mal - la - gas - ee '' ) . eos
natural balance is severely threatened , because of loss of most of Madagascar forest and the extinction of at least 15 lemur species . eos
forest and the extinction of at least 15 lemur species . eos
( "" IPA : məˈlɑːwi "" or "" IPA : "" malaβi "" "" ; formerly Nyasaland ) is a democratic , densely populated country located in southeastern Africa . Malawi has Zambia to the north - west , Tanzania to the north , and Mozambique surrounding Malawi on the east , south , and west . eos
has Zambia to the north - west , Tanzania to the north , and Mozambique surrounding Malawi on the east , south , and west . The origin of the name Malawi remains unclear ; it is held to be either derived from that of southern tribes , or noting the ` ` glitter of the sun rising across the lake '' ( as seen in Malawi flag ) . eos
on the east , south , and west . The origin of the name Malawi remains unclear ; it is held to be either derived from that of southern tribes , or noting the ` ` glitter of the sun rising across the lake '' ( as seen in Malawi flag ) . eos
flag ) . eos
is a country of thirteen states in southeast Asia . The name ` ` Malaysia '' was adopted in 1963 when the Federation of Malaya ( Malay : Persekutuan Tanah Melayu ) Singapore , Sabah and Sarawak formed a 14-state federation . eos
in 1965 to become an independent country . Malaysia consists of two geographical regions divided by the South China Sea : * eos
consists of two geographical regions divided by the South China Sea : * Peninsular Malaysia ( or West Malaysia ) on the Malay Peninsula shares a land border on the north with Thailand and is connected by the Johor - Singapore Causeway and the Malaysia - Singapore Second Link to the south with Singapore . eos
has seen since independence was the May 13 racial riots in the wake of an election campaign based on racial issues . Nonetheless , Malaysia is considered to be a model of racial harmony . eos
is considered to be a model of racial harmony . eos
, officially the Republic of Maldives , is an island nation consisting of a group of atolls in the Indian Ocean . Maldives are located south of India 's Lakshadweep islands , and about seven hundred kilometers ( 435 mi ) south - west of Sri Lanka . The twenty - six atolls encompass a territory featuring 1,192 islets , roughly two hundred of which are inhabited by people . eos
are located south of India 's Lakshadweep islands , and about seven hundred kilometers ( 435 mi ) south - west of Sri Lanka . The twenty - six atolls encompass a territory featuring 1,192 islets , roughly two hundred of which are inhabited by people . Maldives name may stand for ` ` Mountain Islands '' ( malai in Tamil , meaning ` ` mountain '' and teevu in Tamil meaning ` ` island '' ) or it may mean ` ` a thousand islands '' . eos
name may stand for ` ` Mountain Islands '' ( malai in Tamil , meaning ` ` mountain '' and teevu in Tamil meaning ` ` island '' ) or it may mean ` ` a thousand islands '' . Some scholars believe that the name ` ` Maldives '' derives from the Sanskrit maladvipa , meaning ` ` garland of islands '' , or from ` ` mahila dvipa '' , meaning ` ` island of women '' . Others believe the name means ` ` palace '' ( from Mahal in Arabic ) . eos
later became a Portuguese ( 1558 ) , Dutch ( 1654 ) , and British ( 1887 ) colonial possession . In 1965 , Maldives obtained independence from Britain ( originally under the name ` ` Maldive Islands '' ) , and in 1968 the Sultanate was replaced by a Republic . However , in 38 years , Maldives have had only two Presidents , though political restrictions have loosened somewhat recently . eos
obtained independence from Britain ( originally under the name ` ` Maldive Islands '' ) , and in 1968 the Sultanate was replaced by a Republic . However , in 38 years , Maldives have had only two Presidents , though political restrictions have loosened somewhat recently . Maldives is the smallest Asian country in terms of population , and the smallest Asian country that is a member of the United Nations . eos
have had only two Presidents , though political restrictions have loosened somewhat recently . Maldives is the smallest Asian country in terms of population , and the smallest Asian country that is a member of the United Nations . Maldives is also the smallest predominantly Muslim nation in the world , and the smallest predominantly Muslim UN member . eos
is the smallest Asian country in terms of population , and the smallest Asian country that is a member of the United Nations . Maldives is also the smallest predominantly Muslim nation in the world , and the smallest predominantly Muslim UN member . eos
is also the smallest predominantly Muslim nation in the world , and the smallest predominantly Muslim UN member . eos
, officially the Republic of Mali ( French : République du Mali , Amazigh : ) , is a landlocked nation in Western Africa . eos
is the second largest country among West African nations , after Nigeria . Mali borders Algeria on the north , Niger on the east , Burkina Faso and the Côte eos
borders Algeria on the north , Niger on the east , Burkina Faso and the Côte d'Ivoire on the south , eos
straight borders on the north stretch into the centre of the Sahara desert , while Mali south , where the majority of inhabitants live , features the Niger and Senegal rivers . Formerly French Sudan , Mali is named after the Empire of Mali . The name of Mali comes from the Bambara word for hippopotamus and the animal appears on the Mali 5 franc coin . eos
south , where the majority of inhabitants live , features the Niger and Senegal rivers . Formerly French Sudan , Mali is named after the Empire of Mali . The name of Mali comes from the Bambara word for hippopotamus and the animal appears on the Mali 5 franc coin . eos
is named after the Empire of Mali . The name of Mali comes from the Bambara word for hippopotamus and the animal appears on the Mali 5 franc coin . eos
comes from the Bambara word for hippopotamus and the animal appears on the Mali 5 franc coin . eos
, officially the Republic of the Marshall Islands ( RMI ) , is a Micronesian island nation in the western Pacific Ocean , located north of Nauru and Kiribati , east of the Federated States of Micronesia and south of the US territory of Wake Island . eos
is an island in the eastern Caribbean Sea , having a total area of 1,128 km ² . Martinique is an overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , or DOM ) of France . Like the other DOMs , Martinique is also one of the 26 régions of France ( as a région d'outre - mer ) , and an integral part of the Republic . eos
is an overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , or DOM ) of France . Like the other DOMs , Martinique is also one of the 26 régions of France ( as a région d'outre - mer ) , and an integral part of the Republic . As part of France , Martinique is part of the European Union , the currency used is the euro . eos
is also one of the 26 régions of France ( as a région d'outre - mer ) , and an integral part of the Republic . As part of France , Martinique is part of the European Union , the currency used is the euro . Martinique official language is French , although almost all of Martinique inhabitants also speak Antillean Creole ( Créole Martiniquais ) . eos
is part of the European Union , the currency used is the euro . Martinique official language is French , although almost all of Martinique inhabitants also speak Antillean Creole ( Créole Martiniquais ) . Martinique is pictured on all euro banknotes , on the backside at the bottom of each note , right of the Greek ΕΥΡΩ ( EURO ) next to the denomination . eos
official language is French , although almost all of Martinique inhabitants also speak Antillean Creole ( Créole Martiniquais ) . Martinique is pictured on all euro banknotes , on the backside at the bottom of each note , right of the Greek ΕΥΡΩ ( EURO ) next to the denomination . eos
inhabitants also speak Antillean Creole ( Créole Martiniquais ) . Martinique is pictured on all euro banknotes , on the backside at the bottom of each note , right of the Greek ΕΥΡΩ ( EURO ) next to the denomination . eos
is pictured on all euro banknotes , on the backside at the bottom of each note , right of the Greek ΕΥΡΩ ( EURO ) next to the denomination . eos
( Arabic : موريتانية Mūrītāniyyah ) , officially the Islamic Republic of Mauritania , is a country in northwest Africa . Mauritania is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean on the west , by Senegal on the south - west , by Mali on the east and south - east , by Algeria on the north - east , and by Moroccan - annexed territory of Western Sahara on the north - west . eos
is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean on the west , by Senegal on the south - west , by Mali on the east and south - east , by Algeria on the north - east , and by Moroccan - annexed territory of Western Sahara on the north - west . Mauritania is named after the ancient Berber kingdom of Mauretania . The capital and largest city is Nouakchott , located on the Atlantic coast . eos
is named after the ancient Berber kingdom of Mauretania . The capital and largest city is Nouakchott , located on the Atlantic coast . eos
( pronounced : "" IPA : məˈɹɪʃəs "" ; "" French : Maurice "" "" IPA : / mɔʀis / "" ; Mauritian Creole : Moris ; Officially the Republic of Mauritius ( "" French : République de Maurice "" ) , is an island nation off the coast of Africa in the southwest Indian Ocean , about 900 kilometers ( 560 mi ) east of Madagascar and about 3,943 kilometers ( 2,450 mi ) southwest of India . eos
includes the islands of St. Brandon , Rodrigues and the Agalega Islands . Mauritius is part of the Mascarene Islands , with the French island of Réunion 200 kilometers ( 125 mi ) to the southwest . The flag of Mauritius has red , blue , yellow and green stripes . eos
is part of the Mascarene Islands , with the French island of Réunion 200 kilometers ( 125 mi ) to the southwest . The flag of Mauritius has red , blue , yellow and green stripes . The red stripe represents the struggle for independence . eos
has red , blue , yellow and green stripes . The red stripe represents the struggle for independence . The blue stripe represents the ocean around the island . eos
"" IPA : mɑjɔːt "" ( French pronunciation "" IPA : / maˈjɔt / "" ) is an overseas community of France at the northern end of the Mozambique Channel in the Indian Ocean , between northern Madagascar and northern Mozambique . Mayotte is geographically part of the Comoro islands , but Mayotte has been politically separate since the 1970s . eos
is geographically part of the Comoro islands , but Mayotte has been politically separate since the 1970s . Mayotte is also known as Mahoré , especially by advocates of Mayotte inclusion in the Union of Comoros . eos
has been politically separate since the 1970s . Mayotte is also known as Mahoré , especially by advocates of Mayotte inclusion in the Union of Comoros . eos
is also known as Mahoré , especially by advocates of Mayotte inclusion in the Union of Comoros . eos
inclusion in the Union of Comoros . eos
( Spanish : Estados Unidos Mexicanos ) , generally known as Mexico ( Spanish : México ) is a country located in North America , bordered at the north by the United States , and at the south by Guatemala and Belize , in Central America . Mexico is the northernmost and westernmost country in Latin America , and also the most populous Spanish - speaking country in the world . eos
is the northernmost and westernmost country in Latin America , and also the most populous Spanish - speaking country in the world . The site of advanced Mesoamerican or Amerindian civilizations , the land that currently makes up Mexico existed under Spanish rule for three centuries before achieving independence early in the 19th century . The first century of independence was tumultuous , culminating in the decade - long Mexican Revolution , followed by roughly seventy years of rule by the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) . eos
existed under Spanish rule for three centuries before achieving independence early in the 19th century . The first century of independence was tumultuous , culminating in the decade - long Mexican Revolution , followed by roughly seventy years of rule by the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) . A devaluation of the peso in late 1994 threw Mexico into economic turmoil , triggering the worst recession in over half a century . eos
into economic turmoil , triggering the worst recession in over half a century . Mexico continues to make an impressive recovery . Ongoing economic and social concerns include low real wages , underemployment for a large segment of the population , inequitable income distribution , and few advancement opportunities for the largely Amerindian population in the impoverished southern states . eos
continues to make an impressive recovery . Ongoing economic and social concerns include low real wages , underemployment for a large segment of the population , inequitable income distribution , and few advancement opportunities for the largely Amerindian population in the impoverished southern states . Elections held in july 2000 marked the first time since the 1910 Mexican Revolution that the opposition defeated the ( PRI ) and Vicente Fox of the National Action Party ( PAN ) was sworn in as President on 1 december 2000 . eos
is a powerful and influential neighbor of the United States , in terms of trade , culture , diplomacy , with a history of emigration of Mexicans into the US since the early 1900 's . eos
( Republica Moldova ) is a small landlocked country in eastern Europe , located between Romania to the west and Ukraine to the east and south . Historically part of the Principality of Moldavia , Moldova was annexed by the Russian Empire in 1812 and reunited with other Romanian lands in Romania in 1918 . After changing hands during World War II and Moldova final annexation by the Soviet Union , Moldova was known as the Moldavian SSR between 1945 and 1991 and Moldova finally declared Moldova independence on 27 august 1991 . eos
was annexed by the Russian Empire in 1812 and reunited with other Romanian lands in Romania in 1918 . After changing hands during World War II and Moldova final annexation by the Soviet Union , Moldova was known as the Moldavian SSR between 1945 and 1991 and Moldova finally declared Moldova independence on 27 august 1991 . Moldova is a member state of the United Nations , WMO , UNICEF , GUAM , CIS , BSEC and other international organizations . eos
final annexation by the Soviet Union , Moldova was known as the Moldavian SSR between 1945 and 1991 and Moldova finally declared Moldova independence on 27 august 1991 . Moldova is a member state of the United Nations , WMO , UNICEF , GUAM , CIS , BSEC and other international organizations . Moldova is a parliamentary democracy . eos
was known as the Moldavian SSR between 1945 and 1991 and Moldova finally declared Moldova independence on 27 august 1991 . Moldova is a member state of the United Nations , WMO , UNICEF , GUAM , CIS , BSEC and other international organizations . Moldova is a parliamentary democracy . eos
finally declared Moldova independence on 27 august 1991 . Moldova is a member state of the United Nations , WMO , UNICEF , GUAM , CIS , BSEC and other international organizations . Moldova is a parliamentary democracy . eos
independence on 27 august 1991 . Moldova is a member state of the United Nations , WMO , UNICEF , GUAM , CIS , BSEC and other international organizations . Moldova is a parliamentary democracy . eos
is a member state of the United Nations , WMO , UNICEF , GUAM , CIS , BSEC and other international organizations . Moldova is a parliamentary democracy . Moldova head of state is Moldova President . eos
is a parliamentary democracy . Moldova head of state is Moldova President . The head of government is the Prime Minister . eos
President . The head of government is the Prime Minister . eos
head of state is Moldova President . The head of government is the Prime Minister . eos
( Mongolian : Монгол Улс ) is the largest fully landlocked country typically classified as being a part of East Asia , though Mongolia is sometimes considered as being a part of Central Asia instead . Mongolia is bordered by Russia to the north and the People 's Republic of China to the south . Mongolia capital and largest city is Ulaanbaatar . eos
is sometimes considered as being a part of Central Asia instead . Mongolia is bordered by Russia to the north and the People 's Republic of China to the south . Mongolia capital and largest city is Ulaanbaatar . eos
is bordered by Russia to the north and the People 's Republic of China to the south . Mongolia capital and largest city is Ulaanbaatar . Mongolia was the center of the Mongol Empire in the thirteenth century and Mongolia was later ruled by China during the Manchu Qing Dynasty from the end of the seventeenth century until 1911 , when an independent government was formed with Russian assistance . eos
capital and largest city is Ulaanbaatar . Mongolia was the center of the Mongol Empire in the thirteenth century and Mongolia was later ruled by China during the Manchu Qing Dynasty from the end of the seventeenth century until 1911 , when an independent government was formed with Russian assistance . Following the end of the Cold War , and after the fall of communism in Mongolia in 1990 , Mongolia adopted a new , democratic constitution which was ratified in 1992 . eos
was the center of the Mongol Empire in the thirteenth century and Mongolia was later ruled by China during the Manchu Qing Dynasty from the end of the seventeenth century until 1911 , when an independent government was formed with Russian assistance . Following the end of the Cold War , and after the fall of communism in Mongolia in 1990 , Mongolia adopted a new , democratic constitution which was ratified in 1992 . This officially marked the birth of Mongolia as a democratic country , making Mongolia one of the world 's youngest democracies . eos
was later ruled by China during the Manchu Qing Dynasty from the end of the seventeenth century until 1911 , when an independent government was formed with Russian assistance . Following the end of the Cold War , and after the fall of communism in Mongolia in 1990 , Mongolia adopted a new , democratic constitution which was ratified in 1992 . This officially marked the birth of Mongolia as a democratic country , making Mongolia one of the world 's youngest democracies . eos
in 1990 , Mongolia adopted a new , democratic constitution which was ratified in 1992 . This officially marked the birth of Mongolia as a democratic country , making Mongolia one of the world 's youngest democracies . At 1,564,116 square kilometres , Mongolia is the nineteenth largest country in the world . eos
adopted a new , democratic constitution which was ratified in 1992 . This officially marked the birth of Mongolia as a democratic country , making Mongolia one of the world 's youngest democracies . At 1,564,116 square kilometres , Mongolia is the nineteenth largest country in the world . eos
one of the world 's youngest democracies . At 1,564,116 square kilometres , Mongolia is the nineteenth largest country in the world . However , Mongolia contains very little arable land as much of Mongolia area is covered by arid and unproductive steppes with mountains to the north and west and the Gobi Desert to the south . eos
as a democratic country , making Mongolia one of the world 's youngest democracies . At 1,564,116 square kilometres , Mongolia is the nineteenth largest country in the world . However , Mongolia contains very little arable land as much of Mongolia area is covered by arid and unproductive steppes with mountains to the north and west and the Gobi Desert to the south . eos
is the nineteenth largest country in the world . However , Mongolia contains very little arable land as much of Mongolia area is covered by arid and unproductive steppes with mountains to the north and west and the Gobi Desert to the south . Approximately 30 percent of Mongolia 2.8 million people are nomadic or semi - nomadic . eos
contains very little arable land as much of Mongolia area is covered by arid and unproductive steppes with mountains to the north and west and the Gobi Desert to the south . Approximately 30 percent of Mongolia 2.8 million people are nomadic or semi - nomadic . The predominant religion in Mongolia is Tibetan Buddhism , and the majority of Mongolia citizens are of the Mongol ethnicity , though Kazakhs and Tuvans also live in the country , especially in the west . eos
area is covered by arid and unproductive steppes with mountains to the north and west and the Gobi Desert to the south . Approximately 30 percent of Mongolia 2.8 million people are nomadic or semi - nomadic . The predominant religion in Mongolia is Tibetan Buddhism , and the majority of Mongolia citizens are of the Mongol ethnicity , though Kazakhs and Tuvans also live in the country , especially in the west . eos
2.8 million people are nomadic or semi - nomadic . The predominant religion in Mongolia is Tibetan Buddhism , and the majority of Mongolia citizens are of the Mongol ethnicity , though Kazakhs and Tuvans also live in the country , especially in the west . About one - third of the population lives in Ulaanbaatar . eos
is Tibetan Buddhism , and the majority of Mongolia citizens are of the Mongol ethnicity , though Kazakhs and Tuvans also live in the country , especially in the west . About one - third of the population lives in Ulaanbaatar . eos
citizens are of the Mongol ethnicity , though Kazakhs and Tuvans also live in the country , especially in the west . About one - third of the population lives in Ulaanbaatar . eos
( Serbian : Црна Гора or Crna Gora , pronounced "" IPA : / ` t͡sr̩naː ` ɡɔra / "" ) , officially the Republic of Montenegro ( Република Црна Гора or Republika Crna Gora ) , is a country located in southeastern Europe . Montenegro has a coast on the Adriatic Sea to the south , and Montenegro borders Croatia to the west , Bosnia and Herzegovina to the northwest , Serbia to the northeast and Albania to the southeast . eos
has a coast on the Adriatic Sea to the south , and Montenegro borders Croatia to the west , Bosnia and Herzegovina to the northwest , Serbia to the northeast and Albania to the southeast . Montenegro capital is Podgorica . Independent from the late Middle Ages until 1918 eos
borders Croatia to the west , Bosnia and Herzegovina to the northwest , Serbia to the northeast and Albania to the southeast . Montenegro capital is Podgorica . Independent from the late Middle Ages until 1918 eos
capital is Podgorica . Independent from the late Middle Ages until 1918 , Montenegro was later a part of various incarnations of Yugoslavia and the state union of Serbia and Montenegro . eos
was later a part of various incarnations of Yugoslavia and the state union of Serbia and Montenegro . Based on the results of a referendum held on May 21 2006 , Montenegro declared independence on june 3 2006 . On june 28 , Montenegro became the 192nd member state of the United Nations . eos
declared independence on june 3 2006 . On june 28 , Montenegro became the 192nd member state of the United Nations . eos
became the 192nd member state of the United Nations . eos
( "" Arabic : المملكة المغربية "" ) is a country in North Africa . Morocco has a long coastline on the Atlantic Ocean that reaches past the Strait of Gibraltar into the Mediterranean Sea . Morocco borders Algeria to the east , the Mediterranean Sea and a relatively thin water border Spain to the north and the Atlantic Ocean to Morocco west . eos
has a long coastline on the Atlantic Ocean that reaches past the Strait of Gibraltar into the Mediterranean Sea . Morocco borders Algeria to the east , the Mediterranean Sea and a relatively thin water border Spain to the north and the Atlantic Ocean to Morocco west . There are also two Spanish exclaves bordering Morocco to the north . eos
borders Algeria to the east , the Mediterranean Sea and a relatively thin water border Spain to the north and the Atlantic Ocean to Morocco west . There are also two Spanish exclaves bordering Morocco to the north . The border to the south is disputed . eos
west . There are also two Spanish exclaves bordering Morocco to the north . The border to the south is disputed . eos
to the north . The border to the south is disputed . Morocco claims ownership of Western Sahara and Morocco has administered most of the territory since 1975 . eos
claims ownership of Western Sahara and Morocco has administered most of the territory since 1975 . Morocco , a constitutional monarchy , is the only African country that is not currently a member of the African Union . However , Morocco is a member of the Arab League , Arab Maghreb Union , Organization of the Islamic Conference , Mediterranean Dialogue group , and Group of 77 , and Morocco is a major non - NATO ally of the United States . eos
has administered most of the territory since 1975 . Morocco , a constitutional monarchy , is the only African country that is not currently a member of the African Union . However , Morocco is a member of the Arab League , Arab Maghreb Union , Organization of the Islamic Conference , Mediterranean Dialogue group , and Group of 77 , and Morocco is a major non - NATO ally of the United States . eos
, a constitutional monarchy , is the only African country that is not currently a member of the African Union . However , Morocco is a member of the Arab League , Arab Maghreb Union , Organization of the Islamic Conference , Mediterranean Dialogue group , and Group of 77 , and Morocco is a major non - NATO ally of the United States . eos
is a major non - NATO ally of the United States . eos
is a member of the Arab League , Arab Maghreb Union , Organization of the Islamic Conference , Mediterranean Dialogue group , and Group of 77 , and Morocco is a major non - NATO ally of the United States . eos
, officially the Republic of Mozambique ( Portuguese : Moçambique or República de Moçambique , pron . "" IPA : rɛpuβlikɐ dɨmusɐ̃βikɨ "" ) , is a country in southeastern Africa bordering to the Indian Ocean in the east , Tanzania in the north , Malawi and Zambia in the northwest , Zimbabwe in the west and Swaziland and South Africa in the southwest . eos
is a member of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries and the Commonwealth of Nations . eos
( pronounced / "" IPA : næuːɹuː "" / ) , officially the Republic of Nauru , is an island nation in the Micronesian South Pacific . The nearest neighbour is Banaba Island in the Republic of Kiribati , 300 km due east . Nauru is the world 's smallest island nation , covering just 21 km ² ( 8.1 sq . eos
is the world 's smallest island nation , covering just 21 km ² ( 8.1 sq . mi ) , the smallest independent republic , and the only republican state in the world without an official capital . Initially inhabited by Micronesian and Polynesian peoples , Nauru was annexed by Germany in the late 19th century , and Nauru became a mandate territory administered by Australia , New Zealand , and the United Kingdom following World War eos
was annexed by Germany in the late 19th century , and Nauru became a mandate territory administered by Australia , New Zealand , and the United Kingdom following World War I Nauru was occupied by Japan during World War II , and after the war Nauru entered into trusteeship again . Nauru achieved independence in 1968 . eos
became a mandate territory administered by Australia , New Zealand , and the United Kingdom following World War I Nauru was occupied by Japan during World War II , and after the war Nauru entered into trusteeship again . Nauru achieved independence in 1968 . eos
was occupied by Japan during World War II , and after the war Nauru entered into trusteeship again . Nauru achieved independence in 1968 . Nauru is a phosphate rock island , and Nauru primary economic activity since 1907 has been the export of phosphate mined from Nauru . eos
entered into trusteeship again . Nauru achieved independence in 1968 . Nauru is a phosphate rock island , and Nauru primary economic activity since 1907 has been the export of phosphate mined from Nauru . eos
achieved independence in 1968 . Nauru is a phosphate rock island , and Nauru primary economic activity since 1907 has been the export of phosphate mined from Nauru . With the exhaustion of phosphate reserves , Nauru environment severely degraded by mining , and the trust established to manage Nauru wealth significantly reduced in value , the government of Nauru has resorted to unusual measures to obtain income . eos
. With the exhaustion of phosphate reserves , Nauru environment severely degraded by mining , and the trust established to manage Nauru wealth significantly reduced in value , the government of Nauru has resorted to unusual measures to obtain income . In the 1990s , Nauru briefly became a tax haven and money laundering centre . eos
is a phosphate rock island , and Nauru primary economic activity since 1907 has been the export of phosphate mined from Nauru . With the exhaustion of phosphate reserves , Nauru environment severely degraded by mining , and the trust established to manage Nauru wealth significantly reduced in value , the government of Nauru has resorted to unusual measures to obtain income . In the 1990s , Nauru briefly became a tax haven and money laundering centre . eos
primary economic activity since 1907 has been the export of phosphate mined from Nauru . With the exhaustion of phosphate reserves , Nauru environment severely degraded by mining , and the trust established to manage Nauru wealth significantly reduced in value , the government of Nauru has resorted to unusual measures to obtain income . In the 1990s , Nauru briefly became a tax haven and money laundering centre . eos
environment severely degraded by mining , and the trust established to manage Nauru wealth significantly reduced in value , the government of Nauru has resorted to unusual measures to obtain income . In the 1990s , Nauru briefly became a tax haven and money laundering centre . Since 2001 , Nauru has accepted aid from the Australian government ; in exchange for this aid , Nauru houses an ` offshore ' detention centre that holds and processes asylum seekers trying to enter Australia . eos
wealth significantly reduced in value , the government of Nauru has resorted to unusual measures to obtain income . In the 1990s , Nauru briefly became a tax haven and money laundering centre . Since 2001 , Nauru has accepted aid from the Australian government ; in exchange for this aid , Nauru houses an ` offshore ' detention centre that holds and processes asylum seekers trying to enter Australia . eos
has resorted to unusual measures to obtain income . In the 1990s , Nauru briefly became a tax haven and money laundering centre . Since 2001 , Nauru has accepted aid from the Australian government ; in exchange for this aid , Nauru houses an ` offshore ' detention centre that holds and processes asylum seekers trying to enter Australia . eos
briefly became a tax haven and money laundering centre . Since 2001 , Nauru has accepted aid from the Australian government ; in exchange for this aid , Nauru houses an ` offshore ' detention centre that holds and processes asylum seekers trying to enter Australia . ( As of october 2006 , the only remaining detainee is Mohammed Sagar . ) eos
has accepted aid from the Australian government ; in exchange for this aid , Nauru houses an ` offshore ' detention centre that holds and processes asylum seekers trying to enter Australia . ( As of october 2006 , the only remaining detainee is Mohammed Sagar . ) eos
houses an ` offshore ' detention centre that holds and processes asylum seekers trying to enter Australia . ( As of october 2006 , the only remaining detainee is Mohammed Sagar . ) eos
( "" neˈpaːl "" ) , officially the Kingdom of Nepal , is a landlocked Himalayan country in South Asia , bordered by China ( Tibet ) to the north and by India to the south , east and west . Nepal is a kingdom of various geographical features , and Nepal is culturally rich . More than 80 % of Nepalese follow Hinduism , which is higher than the percentage of Indian Hindus , making Nepal the single most Hinduic nation in the world . eos
is a kingdom of various geographical features , and Nepal is culturally rich . More than 80 % of Nepalese follow Hinduism , which is higher than the percentage of Indian Hindus , making Nepal the single most Hinduic nation in the world . For a small territory , the Nepali landscape is uncommonly diverse , ranging from the humid Terai in the south to the lofty Himalayas in the north . eos
is culturally rich . More than 80 % of Nepalese follow Hinduism , which is higher than the percentage of Indian Hindus , making Nepal the single most Hinduic nation in the world . For a small territory , the Nepali landscape is uncommonly diverse , ranging from the humid Terai in the south to the lofty Himalayas in the north . eos
the single most Hinduic nation in the world . For a small territory , the Nepali landscape is uncommonly diverse , ranging from the humid Terai in the south to the lofty Himalayas in the north . Nepal boasts eight of the world 's fourteen highest mountains , including Mount Everest on the border with China . eos
boasts eight of the world 's fourteen highest mountains , including Mount Everest on the border with China . Kathmandu is the capital and largest city . The other main cities include Bharatpur , Biratnagar , Bhairahawa , Birgunj , Janakpur , Pokhara , Nepalgunj , and Mahendranagar . eos
became a constitutional monarchy in 1990 . However , the monarchy retained many important and ill - defined powers . This arrangement was marked by increasing instability , both in the parliament and , since 1996 , in large swathes of Nepal that have been fought over by Maoist insurgents . eos
that have been fought over by Maoist insurgents . The Maoists , alienated from mainstream political parties , went underground and started a guerrilla war against both monarchy and mainstream political parties . They have sought to overthrow feudal institutions , including the monarchy , and establish a republic . eos
, the king closed down the parliament and sacked the elected prime minister in 2002 and started ruling through prime ministers appointed by him . He then unilaterally declared a state of emergency early in 2005 , and assumed all executive powers . Following the Loktantra Andolan , the king agreed to relinquish the sovereign power back to the people and reinstated the dissolved House of Representatives on april 24 , 2006 . eos
a secular state . As of september , 2006 , a complete rewrite of Nepal constitution was still expected to happen in the near future . eos
constitution was still expected to happen in the near future . eos
( "" Tutch : Nederland "" ( "" IPA : eos
, the Netherlands Antilles , and Aruba . Netherlands is a constitutional monarchy , located in northwestern Europe . Netherlands is bordered by the North Sea to the north and west , Belgium to the south , and Germany to the east . eos
is a constitutional monarchy , located in northwestern Europe . Netherlands is bordered by the North Sea to the north and west , Belgium to the south , and Germany to the east . The current borders were established in 1839 . eos
is bordered by the North Sea to the north and west , Belgium to the south , and Germany to the east . The current borders were established in 1839 . Netherlands is often referred to by the name Holland . eos
is often referred to by the name Holland . This is not terminologically precise , since the provinces of North and South Holland in the western Netherlands are only two of the country 's twelve provinces ( for more on this and other naming issues see Netherlands ( terminology ) ) . Netherlands is also sometimes known as the Low Countries , which is the meaning of the original Dutch title Nederlanden . eos
is also sometimes known as the Low Countries , which is the meaning of the original Dutch title Nederlanden . The Dutch title has now changed to Nederland , the Low Country , but this version has not been adopted in the English language . Netherlands is a densely populated and geographically low - lying country ( Netherlands name literally means ` ` low countries '' or ` ` low lands '' ) and Netherlands is popularly known for Netherlands windmills , cheese , clogs ( wooden shoes ) , dikes , tulips , bicycles and social tolerance . eos
windmills , cheese , clogs ( wooden shoes ) , dikes , tulips , bicycles and social tolerance . Netherlands policies are liberal toward drugs , prostitution , same - sex marriage , abortion and euthanasia . Netherlands is host to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia , the International Court of Justice and the International Criminal Court at The Hague . eos
is a densely populated and geographically low - lying country ( Netherlands name literally means ` ` low countries '' or ` ` low lands '' ) and Netherlands is popularly known for Netherlands windmills , cheese , clogs ( wooden shoes ) , dikes , tulips , bicycles and social tolerance . Netherlands policies are liberal toward drugs , prostitution , same - sex marriage , abortion and euthanasia . Netherlands is host to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia , the International Court of Justice and the International Criminal Court at The Hague . eos
name literally means ` ` low countries '' or ` ` low lands '' ) and Netherlands is popularly known for Netherlands windmills , cheese , clogs ( wooden shoes ) , dikes , tulips , bicycles and social tolerance . Netherlands policies are liberal toward drugs , prostitution , same - sex marriage , abortion and euthanasia . Netherlands is host to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia , the International Court of Justice and the International Criminal Court at The Hague . eos
is popularly known for Netherlands windmills , cheese , clogs ( wooden shoes ) , dikes , tulips , bicycles and social tolerance . Netherlands policies are liberal toward drugs , prostitution , same - sex marriage , abortion and euthanasia . Netherlands is host to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia , the International Court of Justice and the International Criminal Court at The Hague . eos
policies are liberal toward drugs , prostitution , same - sex marriage , abortion and euthanasia . Netherlands is host to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia , the International Court of Justice and the International Criminal Court at The Hague . eos
is host to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia , the International Court of Justice and the International Criminal Court at The Hague . eos
, the foreshortened form of Territory of New Caledonia and Dependencies ( French : Nouvelle - Calédonie or Territoire des Nouvelle - Calédonie et Dependances ; popular names : Kanaky , Le caillou ) , is a ` ` sui generis collectivity '' ( in practice an overseas territory ) of France , made up of a main island ( Grande Terre ) and several smaller islands . eos
is located in the region of Melanesia in the southwest Pacific . At about half the size of Taiwan , New_Caledonia has a land area of 18,575.5 square kilometres ( 7,172 sq mi ) . The population at the 2004 census was 230,789 inhabitants . eos
has a land area of 18,575.5 square kilometres ( 7,172 sq mi ) . The population at the 2004 census was 230,789 inhabitants . New_Caledonia has an Internet country code top - level domain ( ccTLD ) of nc eos
has an Internet country code top - level domain ( ccTLD ) of nc The capital and largest city of New_Caledonia is Nouméa . The currency is the CFP franc . eos
is Nouméa . The currency is the CFP franc . Since 1986 the United Nations Committee on Decolonization has included New_Caledonia on the United Nations list of Non - Self - Governing Territories . eos
on the United Nations list of Non - Self - Governing Territories . New_Caledonia will decide whether to remain within the French Republic or become an independent state in a referendum sometime after 2014 . New_Caledonia capital eos
will decide whether to remain within the French Republic or become an independent state in a referendum sometime after 2014 . New_Caledonia capital Nouméa is the seat of the regional organization the Secretariat of the Pacific Community ( formerly the South Pacific Commission ) . eos
capital Nouméa is the seat of the regional organization the Secretariat of the Pacific Community ( formerly the South Pacific Commission ) . eos
is a country in the southwestern Pacific Ocean comprising two large islands ( the North Island and the South Island ) and numerous smaller islands , most notably Stewart Island and the Chatham Islands . In Māori , New_Zealand is also known as Aotearao , which is usually paraphrased in English as the Land of the Long White Cloud . The Realm of New Zealand also includes the Cook Islands and Niue , which are self - governing , but in free association ; eos
is also known as Aotearao , which is usually paraphrased in English as the Land of the Long White Cloud . The Realm of New Zealand also includes the Cook Islands and Niue , which are self - governing , but in free association ; Tokelau ; and the Ross Dependency ( New_Zealand territorial claim in Antarctica ) . eos
territorial claim in Antarctica ) . New_Zealand , along with Hawai'i and Rapa Nui ( Easter Island ) form what is known by anthropologists as the Triangle of Polynesia . eos
, along with Hawai'i and Rapa Nui ( Easter Island ) form what is known by anthropologists as the Triangle of Polynesia . New_Zealand is notable for New_Zealand geographic isolation , being separated from Australia to the northwest by the Tasman Sea , some 2000 kilometres ( 1250 miles ) across . eos
is notable for New_Zealand geographic isolation , being separated from Australia to the northwest by the Tasman Sea , some 2000 kilometres ( 1250 miles ) across . New_Zealand closest neighbours to the north are New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . The population is mostly of European descent , with the indigenous Māori being the largest minority . eos
geographic isolation , being separated from Australia to the northwest by the Tasman Sea , some 2000 kilometres ( 1250 miles ) across . New_Zealand closest neighbours to the north are New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . The population is mostly of European descent , with the indigenous Māori being the largest minority . eos
closest neighbours to the north are New Caledonia , Fiji , and Tonga . The population is mostly of European descent , with the indigenous Māori being the largest minority . Non - Māori Polynesian and Asian people are also significant minorities , especially in the cities . eos
, is the nominal Head of State and is represented , in her absence , by a non - partisan Governor - General ; the Queen ` reigns but does not rule ' , so she has no real political influence . Political power is held by the democratically - elected Parliament of New_Zealand under the leadership of the Prime Minister who is the Head of Government . eos
under the leadership of the Prime Minister who is the Head of Government . eos
( "" Spanish : República de Nicaragua "" , IPA "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðe nika ` raɰwa "" "" ) is a democratic republic in Central America . eos
is the largest nation in the isthmus , but also the least densely populated with a demographic similar in size to Nicaragua smaller neighbours . Nicaragua is bordered on the north by Honduras and on the south by Costa Rica . Nicaragua western coastline is on the Pacific Ocean , while the east side of Nicaragua is on the Caribbean Sea . eos
smaller neighbours . Nicaragua is bordered on the north by Honduras and on the south by Costa Rica . Nicaragua western coastline is on the Pacific Ocean , while the east side of Nicaragua is on the Caribbean Sea . eos
is bordered on the north by Honduras and on the south by Costa Rica . Nicaragua western coastline is on the Pacific Ocean , while the east side of Nicaragua is on the Caribbean Sea . Nicaragua name is derived from Nicarao , the name of the Nahuatl - speaking tribe which inhabited the shores of Lago de Nicaragua before the Spanish conquest of the Americas , and the Spanish word "" Spanish : Agua "" , meaning water , due to the presence of the large lakes Lago de Nicaragua and Lago de Managua in the region . eos
western coastline is on the Pacific Ocean , while the east side of Nicaragua is on the Caribbean Sea . Nicaragua name is derived from Nicarao , the name of the Nahuatl - speaking tribe which inhabited the shores of Lago de Nicaragua before the Spanish conquest of the Americas , and the Spanish word "" Spanish : Agua "" , meaning water , due to the presence of the large lakes Lago de Nicaragua and Lago de Managua in the region . At the time of the Spanish conquest , Nicaragua was the name given to the narrow strip of land between Lake Nicaragua and the Pacific Ocean . eos
is on the Caribbean Sea . Nicaragua name is derived from Nicarao , the name of the Nahuatl - speaking tribe which inhabited the shores of Lago de Nicaragua before the Spanish conquest of the Americas , and the Spanish word "" Spanish : Agua "" , meaning water , due to the presence of the large lakes Lago de Nicaragua and Lago de Managua in the region . At the time of the Spanish conquest , Nicaragua was the name given to the narrow strip of land between Lake Nicaragua and the Pacific Ocean . eos
name is derived from Nicarao , the name of the Nahuatl - speaking tribe which inhabited the shores of Lago de Nicaragua before the Spanish conquest of the Americas , and the Spanish word "" Spanish : Agua "" , meaning water , due to the presence of the large lakes Lago de Nicaragua and Lago de Managua in the region . At the time of the Spanish conquest , Nicaragua was the name given to the narrow strip of land between Lake Nicaragua and the Pacific Ocean . Chief Nicarao ruled over that land when the first conquerors arrived . eos
, officially the Republic of Niger , is a landlocked sub - Saharan country in Western Africa , named after the Niger River . Niger borders Nigeria and Benin to the south , Burkina Faso and Mali to the west , Algeria and Libya to the north and Chad to the east . The capital city is Niamey . eos
borders Nigeria and Benin to the south , Burkina Faso and Mali to the west , Algeria and Libya to the north and Chad to the east . The capital city is Niamey . Niger proper English pronunciation ( in IPA ) is "" IPA : / niːˈʒɛə ( ɹ ) / "" , although "" IPA : / ˈnaɪdʒə ( ɹ ) / "" is also acceptable . eos
proper English pronunciation ( in IPA ) is "" IPA : / niːˈʒɛə ( ɹ ) / "" , although "" IPA : / ˈnaɪdʒə ( ɹ ) / "" is also acceptable . Niger adjective form is Nigerien "" IPA : / niːˈʒɛɹiən / "" , which should not be confused with Nigerian "" IPA : / naɪˈdʒiɹiən / "" for Nigeria and derives from the French nigérien , - ne . There are different opinions about the adjective form however . eos
adjective form is Nigerien "" IPA : / niːˈʒɛɹiən / "" , which should not be confused with Nigerian "" IPA : / naɪˈdʒiɹiən / "" for Nigeria and derives from the French nigérien , - ne . There are different opinions about the adjective form however . Merriam - Webster lists Nigerois ( which has , despite its sound , no equivalent form in French ) only as the noun form . eos
use the adjective ` nigérien ' . eos
( Norfuk : Norfuk Ailen ) is a small inhabited island in the Pacific Ocean located between Australia , New Zealand and New Caledonia , and along with two neighbouring islands Norfolk_Island forms one of Australia 's external territories . eos
forms one of Australia 's external territories . The Norfolk Island pine , a symbol of Norfolk_Island pictured in Norfolk_Island flag , is a striking evergreen tree endemic to Norfolk_Island and is quite popular in Australia , where two related species also grow . eos
pictured in Norfolk_Island flag , is a striking evergreen tree endemic to Norfolk_Island and is quite popular in Australia , where two related species also grow . eos
flag , is a striking evergreen tree endemic to Norfolk_Island and is quite popular in Australia , where two related species also grow . eos
and is quite popular in Australia , where two related species also grow . eos
, officially the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands ( CNMI ) , is a commonwealth in political union with the United States of America at a strategic location in the western Pacific Ocean . Northern_Mariana_Islands consists of 15 islands about three - quarters of the way from Hawaii to the Philippines , at 15 ° 1 ' 2N , 145 ° 4 ' 5E . Northern_Mariana_Islands has a population ( 2005 est ) of 80,362 . eos
consists of 15 islands about three - quarters of the way from Hawaii to the Philippines , at 15 ° 1 ' 2N , 145 ° 4 ' 5E . Northern_Mariana_Islands has a population ( 2005 est ) of 80,362 . The official 2000 census count was 69,221 . eos
has a population ( 2005 est ) of 80,362 . The official 2000 census count was 69,221 . The total land area of all islands is 463.63 km ( 179.01 sq mi ) , as reported by the United States Census Bureau . eos
is a Nordic country on the western portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula , located in Europe , and bordering Sweden , Finland and Russia . Norway has a very elongated shape ; Norway extensive coastline along the North Atlantic Ocean is home to Norway famous fjords . Norway also includes the Arctic island territories of Svalbard and Jan Mayen . eos
has a very elongated shape ; Norway extensive coastline along the North Atlantic Ocean is home to Norway famous fjords . Norway also includes the Arctic island territories of Svalbard and Jan Mayen . The Norwegian sovereignty on Svalbard is based on the Svalbard Treaty , but this does not apply to Jan Mayen . eos
extensive coastline along the North Atlantic Ocean is home to Norway famous fjords . Norway also includes the Arctic island territories of Svalbard and Jan Mayen . The Norwegian sovereignty on Svalbard is based on the Svalbard Treaty , but this does not apply to Jan Mayen . eos
famous fjords . Norway also includes the Arctic island territories of Svalbard and Jan Mayen . The Norwegian sovereignty on Svalbard is based on the Svalbard Treaty , but this does not apply to Jan Mayen . eos
also includes the Arctic island territories of Svalbard and Jan Mayen . The Norwegian sovereignty on Svalbard is based on the Svalbard Treaty , but this does not apply to Jan Mayen . Bouvet Island in the South Atlantic Ocean and a claim for Peter I Island in the South Pacific Ocean are also external dependencies , but these are not part of Norway . eos
. Norway also claims Queen Maud Land in Antarctica where Norway has established the Troll permanent research station . eos
also claims Queen Maud Land in Antarctica where Norway has established the Troll permanent research station . eos
has established the Troll permanent research station . eos
( Standard Arabic : سلطنة عُمان , Saltanat ˤUmān ) is a country in Southwest Asia , on the southeast coast of the Arabian Peninsula . Oman borders the United Arab Emirates in the northwest , Saudi Arabia in the west , and Yemen in the southwest . The coast is formed by the Arabian Sea in the south and east , and the Gulf of Oman in the northeast . eos
borders the United Arab Emirates in the northwest , Saudi Arabia in the west , and Yemen in the southwest . The coast is formed by the Arabian Sea in the south and east , and the Gulf of Oman in the northeast . Oman also has an exclave enclosed by the United Arab Emirates . eos
also has an exclave enclosed by the United Arab Emirates . eos
, officially the Republic of Palau , is an island nation in the Pacific Ocean , some 500 miles ( 800 km ) east of the Philippines . Having emerged from United Nations trusteeship ( administered by the United States ) in 1994 , Palau is one of the world 's youngest and smallest nations . Palau is sometimes referred to in English under Palau native name Belau . eos
is one of the world 's youngest and smallest nations . Palau is sometimes referred to in English under Palau native name Belau . eos
is sometimes referred to in English under Palau native name Belau . eos
native name Belau . eos
, officially the Republic of Panama ( Spanish : República de Panamá , IPA "" IPA : "" re ` puβlika ðe pana ` ma "" "" ) , is the southernmost and most developed country of Central America . eos
isthmus constitutes the southernmost part of a natural land bridge between the continents of North America and South America . Panama borders Costa Rica to the northwest , Colombia to the east , the Atlantic Ocean to the north and the Pacific Ocean to the south . eos
borders Costa Rica to the northwest , Colombia to the east , the Atlantic Ocean to the north and the Pacific Ocean to the south . eos
( PNG ) , officially the Independent State of Papua New Guinea , is a country in Oceania , occupying the eastern half of the island of New Guinea and numerous offshore islands ( the western portion of the island is occupied by the Indonesian provinces of Papua and West Irian Jaya ) . Papua_New_Guinea is located in the southwestern Pacific Ocean , in a region defined since the early 19th century as Melanesia . Papua_New_Guinea capital , and one of Papua_New_Guinea few major cities , is Port Moresby . eos
is located in the southwestern Pacific Ocean , in a region defined since the early 19th century as Melanesia . Papua_New_Guinea capital , and one of Papua_New_Guinea few major cities , is Port Moresby . Papua_New_Guinea is one of the most diverse countries on Earth , with over 850 indigenous languages and at least as many traditional societies , out of a population of just under 6 million . eos
capital , and one of Papua_New_Guinea few major cities , is Port Moresby . Papua_New_Guinea is one of the most diverse countries on Earth , with over 850 indigenous languages and at least as many traditional societies , out of a population of just under 6 million . Papua_New_Guinea is also one of the most rural , with only 18 per cent of Papua_New_Guinea people living in urban centres . eos
few major cities , is Port Moresby . Papua_New_Guinea is one of the most diverse countries on Earth , with over 850 indigenous languages and at least as many traditional societies , out of a population of just under 6 million . Papua_New_Guinea is also one of the most rural , with only 18 per cent of Papua_New_Guinea people living in urban centres . eos
is one of the most diverse countries on Earth , with over 850 indigenous languages and at least as many traditional societies , out of a population of just under 6 million . Papua_New_Guinea is also one of the most rural , with only 18 per cent of Papua_New_Guinea people living in urban centres . Papua_New_Guinea is also one of the world 's least explored , culturally and geographically , and many undiscovered species of plants and animals are thought to exist in the interior of Papua_New_Guinea . eos
is also one of the most rural , with only 18 per cent of Papua_New_Guinea people living in urban centres . Papua_New_Guinea is also one of the world 's least explored , culturally and geographically , and many undiscovered species of plants and animals are thought to exist in the interior of Papua_New_Guinea . The majority of the population live in traditional societies and practise subsistence - based agriculture . eos
people living in urban centres . Papua_New_Guinea is also one of the world 's least explored , culturally and geographically , and many undiscovered species of plants and animals are thought to exist in the interior of Papua_New_Guinea . The majority of the population live in traditional societies and practise subsistence - based agriculture . eos
is also one of the world 's least explored , culturally and geographically , and many undiscovered species of plants and animals are thought to exist in the interior of Papua_New_Guinea . The majority of the population live in traditional societies and practise subsistence - based agriculture . These societies and clans have some explicit acknowledgement within Papua_New_Guinea constitutional framework . eos
. The majority of the population live in traditional societies and practise subsistence - based agriculture . These societies and clans have some explicit acknowledgement within Papua_New_Guinea constitutional framework . eos
constitutional framework . The PNG Constitution ( Preamble 5 ( 4 ) ) expresses the wish for traditional villages and communities to remain as viable units of Papua New Guinean society , and for active steps to be taken in their preservation . The PNG legislature has enacted various laws in which a type of tenure called ` ` customary land title '' is recognised , meaning that the traditional lands of the indigenous peoples have some legal basis to inalienable tenure . eos
( some 97 % of total land area ) ; alienated land is either held privately under State Lease or is government land . Freehold Title ( also known as fee simple ) can only be held by Papua New Guinea citizens . Papua_New_Guinea geography is similarly diverse and , in places , extremely rugged . eos
geography is similarly diverse and , in places , extremely rugged . A spine of mountains runs the length of the island of New Guinea , forming a populous highlands region . Dense rainforests can be found in the lowland and coastal areas . eos
to develop transportation infrastructure . In some areas , planes are the only mode of transport . After being colonised by three external powers since 1888 , Papua_New_Guinea gained Papua_New_Guinea independence from Australia in 1975 . eos
gained Papua_New_Guinea independence from Australia in 1975 . eos
independence from Australia in 1975 . eos
, officially the Republic of Paraguay ( Spanish : República del Paraguay , pron . eos
lies on both banks of the Paraguay River , bordering Argentina to the south and southwest , Brazil to the east and northeast , and Bolivia to the northwest , and Paraguay is located in the very heart of South America . ` Paraguay ' is derived from the Guaraní word ` Pararaguay ' , meaning , ` From a Great River ' . The ` Great River ' is the Paraná River , which produces the greatest amount of hydroelectric power in the world . eos
is located in the very heart of South America . ` Paraguay ' is derived from the Guaraní word ` Pararaguay ' , meaning , ` From a Great River ' . The ` Great River ' is the Paraná River , which produces the greatest amount of hydroelectric power in the world . eos
, officially the Republic of Peru ( "" Spanish : Perú "" or República del Perú pron . IPA "" IPA : "" repuβlika del peɾu "" "" , eos
is the home of many indigenous ethnic groups . Peru is therefore a country with major historical and cultural standing . eos
is therefore a country with major historical and cultural standing . eos
( Pitkern : Pitkern Ailen ) , officially named the Pitcairn , Henderson , Ducie , and Oeno Islands , are a group of four islands in the southern Pacific Ocean . Pitcairn_Islands are a British overseas territory ( formerly British colony ) , the last remaining in the Pacific . Only Pitcairn Island - the second largest - is inhabited . eos
are a British overseas territory ( formerly British colony ) , the last remaining in the Pacific . Only Pitcairn Island - the second largest - is inhabited . Pitcairn_Islands are best known for being the home of the descendants of the Bounty mutineers and the Tahitians who accompanied them , an event retold in numerous books and films . eos
are best known for being the home of the descendants of the Bounty mutineers and the Tahitians who accompanied them , an event retold in numerous books and films . This story is still apparent in the surnames of many of the islanders . With only about fifty inhabitants ( from nine families ) , Pitcairn_Islands is also notable for being the least populated jurisdiction in the world ( although Pitcairn_Islands is not a sovereign nation ) . eos
is also notable for being the least populated jurisdiction in the world ( although Pitcairn_Islands is not a sovereign nation ) . The United Nations Committee on Decolonisation includes Pitcairn_Islands on the United Nations list of Non - Self - Governing Territories . eos
is not a sovereign nation ) . The United Nations Committee on Decolonisation includes Pitcairn_Islands on the United Nations list of Non - Self - Governing Territories . eos
on the United Nations list of Non - Self - Governing Territories . eos
, ( "" Spanish : Estado Libre Asociado de Puerto Rico "" eos
includes the main island of Puerto Rico , the smallest of the Greater Antilles , and a number of smaller islands and keys , the largest of which are Mona , Vieques , and Culebra . The nature of Puerto_Rico political relationship with the United States is the subject of ongoing debate in Puerto_Rico and also in the United Nations . Those who support maintaining the status quo ( ie , Commonwealth status ) insist that upon attaining this status , Puerto_Rico entered into a voluntary association with the US ` ` in the nature of a compact '' , but according to a President 's Task Force report , Puerto_Rico is an unincorporated organized territory of the United States , subject to the plenary powers of the United States Congress and with the ` ` right to establish a constitution for the internal administration of government and on matters of purely local concern '' . eos
political relationship with the United States is the subject of ongoing debate in Puerto_Rico and also in the United Nations . Those who support maintaining the status quo ( ie , Commonwealth status ) insist that upon attaining this status , Puerto_Rico entered into a voluntary association with the US ` ` in the nature of a compact '' , but according to a President 's Task Force report , Puerto_Rico is an unincorporated organized territory of the United States , subject to the plenary powers of the United States Congress and with the ` ` right to establish a constitution for the internal administration of government and on matters of purely local concern '' . eos
and also in the United Nations . Those who support maintaining the status quo ( ie , Commonwealth status ) insist that upon attaining this status , Puerto_Rico entered into a voluntary association with the US ` ` in the nature of a compact '' , but according to a President 's Task Force report , Puerto_Rico is an unincorporated organized territory of the United States , subject to the plenary powers of the United States Congress and with the ` ` right to establish a constitution for the internal administration of government and on matters of purely local concern '' . eos
entered into a voluntary association with the US ` ` in the nature of a compact '' , but according to a President 's Task Force report , Puerto_Rico is an unincorporated organized territory of the United States , subject to the plenary powers of the United States Congress and with the ` ` right to establish a constitution for the internal administration of government and on matters of purely local concern '' . eos
is an unincorporated organized territory of the United States , subject to the plenary powers of the United States Congress and with the ` ` right to establish a constitution for the internal administration of government and on matters of purely local concern '' . eos
( Arabic : قطر "" IPA : ˈqɑ̱tɑ̱r "" ) , officially the State of Qatar ( Arabic : دولة قطر , Dawlat Qatar ) , is an emirate in the Middle East and Western Asia , occupying the small Qatar Peninsula on the northeasterly coast of the larger Arabian Peninsula . Qatar is bordered by Saudi Arabia to the south ; otherwise the Persian Gulf surrounds Qatar . eos
is bordered by Saudi Arabia to the south ; otherwise the Persian Gulf surrounds Qatar . eos
. eos
( Republic_of_China ; "" Traditional Chinese : 中華民國 , Simplified Chinese : 中华民国 , Hanyu Pinyin : Zhōnghuá Mínguó , Wade - Giles : eos
; "" Traditional Chinese : 中華民國 , Simplified Chinese : 中华民国 , Hanyu Pinyin : Zhōnghuá Mínguó , Wade - Giles : eos
was formerly the national government of all China . However , Republic_of_China lost control of the mainland to the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) as a result of the Chinese Civil War in 1949 , and since then Republic_of_China administration has been restricted to the island groups of Taiwan ( Formosa ) , the Pescadores , Kinmen , and Matsu . Over subsequent decades , Republic_of_China has been commonly referred to as ` ` Taiwan '' , and since the late 1970 's the name ` ` China '' has been increasingly used to refer to the People 's Republic of China . eos
lost control of the mainland to the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) as a result of the Chinese Civil War in 1949 , and since then Republic_of_China administration has been restricted to the island groups of Taiwan ( Formosa ) , the Pescadores , Kinmen , and Matsu . Over subsequent decades , Republic_of_China has been commonly referred to as ` ` Taiwan '' , and since the late 1970 's the name ` ` China '' has been increasingly used to refer to the People 's Republic of China . For political reasons , Republic_of_China is commonly referred to as ` ` Chinese Taipei '' in international organizations . eos
administration has been restricted to the island groups of Taiwan ( Formosa ) , the Pescadores , Kinmen , and Matsu . Over subsequent decades , Republic_of_China has been commonly referred to as ` ` Taiwan '' , and since the late 1970 's the name ` ` China '' has been increasingly used to refer to the People 's Republic of China . For political reasons , Republic_of_China is commonly referred to as ` ` Chinese Taipei '' in international organizations . eos
has been commonly referred to as ` ` Taiwan '' , and since the late 1970 's the name ` ` China '' has been increasingly used to refer to the People 's Republic of China . For political reasons , Republic_of_China is commonly referred to as ` ` Chinese Taipei '' in international organizations . Republic_of_China was established in 1912 , replacing the last Chinese dynasty ( the Qing ) and ending over 2,000 years of imperial rule in China . eos
is commonly referred to as ` ` Chinese Taipei '' in international organizations . Republic_of_China was established in 1912 , replacing the last Chinese dynasty ( the Qing ) and ending over 2,000 years of imperial rule in China . Republic_of_China is thus the oldest surviving republic in East Asia . eos
was established in 1912 , replacing the last Chinese dynasty ( the Qing ) and ending over 2,000 years of imperial rule in China . Republic_of_China is thus the oldest surviving republic in East Asia . The rule of Republic_of_China in Mainland China was scarred by warlordism , Japanese invasion as a predecessor to World War II , and civil war . eos
is thus the oldest surviving republic in East Asia . The rule of Republic_of_China in Mainland China was scarred by warlordism , Japanese invasion as a predecessor to World War II , and civil war . Major fighting in the civil war ended in 1950 with the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) in control of most of Mainland China , and Republic_of_China in control of Taiwan and several offshore islands ( Kinmen , Penghu , and Matsu ) . eos
in Mainland China was scarred by warlordism , Japanese invasion as a predecessor to World War II , and civil war . Major fighting in the civil war ended in 1950 with the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) in control of most of Mainland China , and Republic_of_China in control of Taiwan and several offshore islands ( Kinmen , Penghu , and Matsu ) . The CPC proclaimed a new state , the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) in Beijing in 1949 . eos
in control of Taiwan and several offshore islands ( Kinmen , Penghu , and Matsu ) . The CPC proclaimed a new state , the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) in Beijing in 1949 . Republic_of_China on Taiwan continued to regard Republic_of_China as the sole and legitimate government of all of China . eos
on Taiwan continued to regard Republic_of_China as the sole and legitimate government of all of China . This was a claim recognized by most states until the late 1970s . Starting in 1928 , Republic_of_China was ruled by the Kuomintang ( KMT ) as an authoritarian dictatorship . eos
as the sole and legitimate government of all of China . This was a claim recognized by most states until the late 1970s . Starting in 1928 , Republic_of_China was ruled by the Kuomintang ( KMT ) as an authoritarian dictatorship . eos
was ruled by the Kuomintang ( KMT ) as an authoritarian dictatorship . In the 1950s and 1960s , the KMT took steps to reform the economy by reducing corruption and reforming land policies which coincided with a period of great economic growth despite the constant threat of war and civil unrest . The political climate changed in the 1980s and 1990s as the government actively pursued a transition to a democratic system , beginning with the first direct presidential election in 1996 and culminating in the 2000 election of President Chen Shui - bian , the first non - KMT president elected . eos
( "" Irish : Poblacht na hÉireann "" ) is the official description of the sovereign state which covers approximately five - sixths of the island of Ireland , off the coast of north - west Europe . Republic_of_Ireland official name is Ireland eos
official name is Ireland ( "" Irish : Éire "" ) , and this is how international organisations and residents usually refer to Republic_of_Ireland . Republic_of_Ireland is a member of the European Union , Republic_of_Ireland has a developed economy and a population of slightly more than 4.2 million . eos
. Republic_of_Ireland is a member of the European Union , Republic_of_Ireland has a developed economy and a population of slightly more than 4.2 million . The remaining sixth of the island of Ireland is known as Northern Ireland and is part of the United Kingdom . eos
is a member of the European Union , Republic_of_Ireland has a developed economy and a population of slightly more than 4.2 million . The remaining sixth of the island of Ireland is known as Northern Ireland and is part of the United Kingdom . eos
has a developed economy and a population of slightly more than 4.2 million . The remaining sixth of the island of Ireland is known as Northern Ireland and is part of the United Kingdom . eos
( "" Macedonian : Република Македонија "" / Republika Makedonija , "" Albanian : Republika e Maqedonisë "" ) , often referred to as Macedonia , is a landlocked country on the Balkan peninsula in southeastern Europe . Republic_of_Macedonia borders Serbia to the north , Albania to the west , Greece to the south , and Bulgaria to the east . As the result of a naming dispute with Greece , in 1993 Republic_of_Macedonia was admitted to the United Nations under the provisional name the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ( FYROM ) , pending resolution of the dispute . eos
borders Serbia to the north , Albania to the west , Greece to the south , and Bulgaria to the east . As the result of a naming dispute with Greece , in 1993 Republic_of_Macedonia was admitted to the United Nations under the provisional name the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ( FYROM ) , pending resolution of the dispute . The capital is Skopje , with more than 600,000 inhabitants , and there are a number of smaller cities , notably Bitola , Prilep , Tetovo , Kumanovo , Ohrid , Veles , Štip , Gostivar and Strumica . eos
was admitted to the United Nations under the provisional name the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ( FYROM ) , pending resolution of the dispute . The capital is Skopje , with more than 600,000 inhabitants , and there are a number of smaller cities , notably Bitola , Prilep , Tetovo , Kumanovo , Ohrid , Veles , Štip , Gostivar and Strumica . Republic_of_Macedonia has more than 50 natural and artificial lakes and sixteen mountains higher than 2,000 meters ( 6,550 ft ) above sea level . eos
has more than 50 natural and artificial lakes and sixteen mountains higher than 2,000 meters ( 6,550 ft ) above sea level . Republic_of_Macedonia is a member of the UN and the Council of Europe and an associate member of La Francophonie , the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe . Since december 2005 Republic_of_Macedonia is also a candidate for joining the European Union and Republic_of_Macedonia has applied for NATO membership . eos
is a member of the UN and the Council of Europe and an associate member of La Francophonie , the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe . Since december 2005 Republic_of_Macedonia is also a candidate for joining the European Union and Republic_of_Macedonia has applied for NATO membership . eos
is also a candidate for joining the European Union and Republic_of_Macedonia has applied for NATO membership . eos
has applied for NATO membership . eos
, also known as Congo - Brazzaville ( locally , ` ` Congo - Brazza '' ) and Congo , is a former French colony of western - central Africa . Republic_of_the_Congo borders are Gabon , Cameroon , Central African Republic , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Angola and the Gulf of Guinea . Upon independence in 1960 , the former French region of Middle Congo became the Republic of the Congo . eos
borders are Gabon , Cameroon , Central African Republic , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Angola and the Gulf of Guinea . Upon independence in 1960 , the former French region of Middle Congo became the Republic of the Congo . A quarter century of Marxism was abandoned in 1990 and a democratically elected government installed in 1992 . eos
( French : La Réunion ) is an island and overseas département ( département d'outre - mer , or DOM ) of France , located in the Indian Ocean east of Madagascar , about 200 km southwest of Mauritius , the nearest island . eos
is also one of the 26 régions of France with the same status as those situated on the European mainland . As part of France , Reunion is part of the European Union , and thus the currency used is the euro ( in fact , due to varying time zones in the European Union , Reunion was the first region in the world to use the euro , and the first ever purchase using the euro occurred at 12.01 am , when regional council president Paul Vergès bought a bag of lychees at a Saint - Denis market ) . . eos
is part of the European Union , and thus the currency used is the euro ( in fact , due to varying time zones in the European Union , Reunion was the first region in the world to use the euro , and the first ever purchase using the euro occurred at 12.01 am , when regional council president Paul Vergès bought a bag of lychees at a Saint - Denis market ) . . eos
was the first region in the world to use the euro , and the first ever purchase using the euro occurred at 12.01 am , when regional council president Paul Vergès bought a bag of lychees at a Saint - Denis market ) . . eos
( Romanian : România "" IPA : / romɨnia / "" ) is a country in Southeastern Europe . eos
borders Hungary and Serbia to the west , Ukraine and Moldova to the northeast , and Bulgaria to the south . Romania has a stretch of sea coast along the Black Sea , and the eastern and southern Carpathian mountains run through Romania center . Historic Bucharest ( Romanian : Bucureşti / bukureʃt / ) is Romania capital and largest city . eos
has a stretch of sea coast along the Black Sea , and the eastern and southern Carpathian mountains run through Romania center . Historic Bucharest ( Romanian : Bucureşti / bukureʃt / ) is Romania capital and largest city . Romania has been an active member of NATO since 2004 , and Romania is also an acceding country to the European Union . eos
center . Historic Bucharest ( Romanian : Bucureşti / bukureʃt / ) is Romania capital and largest city . Romania has been an active member of NATO since 2004 , and Romania is also an acceding country to the European Union . eos
capital and largest city . Romania has been an active member of NATO since 2004 , and Romania is also an acceding country to the European Union . The EU Accession Treaty was signed in early 2005 , and Romania is due to join the European Union on january 1 , 2007 . eos
has been an active member of NATO since 2004 , and Romania is also an acceding country to the European Union . The EU Accession Treaty was signed in early 2005 , and Romania is due to join the European Union on january 1 , 2007 . Starting on january 1 , 2007 , Romania will have the seventh largest population and the ninth largest territory in the EU . eos
is also an acceding country to the European Union . The EU Accession Treaty was signed in early 2005 , and Romania is due to join the European Union on january 1 , 2007 . Starting on january 1 , 2007 , Romania will have the seventh largest population and the ninth largest territory in the EU . eos
is due to join the European Union on january 1 , 2007 . Starting on january 1 , 2007 , Romania will have the seventh largest population and the ninth largest territory in the EU . eos
will have the seventh largest population and the ninth largest territory in the EU . eos
"" IPA : ɾ ( g ) wɑndɑ "" , officially the Republic of Rwanda , is a small landlocked country in the Great Lakes region of east - central Africa , with a population of approximately 8 million . Rwanda is bordered by Uganda , Burundi , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Tanzania . Rwanda fertile and hilly terrain , which gives Rwanda the title ` ` Land of a Thousand Hills '' ( "" French : eos
is bordered by Uganda , Burundi , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Tanzania . Rwanda fertile and hilly terrain , which gives Rwanda the title ` ` Land of a Thousand Hills '' ( "" French : Pays des Mille Collines "" eos
fertile and hilly terrain , which gives Rwanda the title ` ` Land of a Thousand Hills '' ( "" French : Pays des Mille Collines "" "" IPA : / peidemilkɔlin / "" ) eos
the title ` ` Land of a Thousand Hills '' ( "" French : Pays des Mille Collines "" "" IPA : / peidemilkɔlin / "" ) eos
is best known to the outside world for the 1994 Rwandan genocide that resulted in the deaths of up to one million people . Dependence on subsistence agriculture , high ( and increasing ) population density , decreasing soil fertility and uncertain climate make Rwanda a country where chronic malnutrition is widespread and poverty endemic . eos
a country where chronic malnutrition is widespread and poverty endemic . eos
, officially the Federation of Saint Christopher and Nevis ( or the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis ) , located in the Leeward Islands , is a unitary island nation in the Caribbean and the smallest nation in the Americas in both area and population . The capital city and government for Saint_Kitts_and_Nevis is mainly on the larger island of Saint Kitts ( formerly named Saint Christopher ) . The smaller state of Nevis ( formerly named : Nuestra Señora de las Nieves ) lies about 3 km southeast of Saint Kitts . eos
is mainly on the larger island of Saint Kitts ( formerly named Saint Christopher ) . The smaller state of Nevis ( formerly named : Nuestra Señora de las Nieves ) lies about 3 km southeast of Saint Kitts . Historically the British dependency of Anguilla was also a part of this union , which was then known collectively as Saint Christopher - Nevis - Anguilla . eos
are geographically within the Leeward Islands , Saint_Kitts_and_Nevis are relatively close to a cluster of several other islands . To the north - northwest lie the islands of Saint Eustatius , Saba , Saint Barthélemy , and Saint Martin . To the northeast are Antigua and Barbuda , and to the south - east is Montserrat . eos
are relatively close to a cluster of several other islands . To the north - northwest lie the islands of Saint Eustatius , Saba , Saint Barthélemy , and Saint Martin . To the northeast are Antigua and Barbuda , and to the south - east is Montserrat . eos
. Saint_Kitts_and_Nevis is the smallest ( in population ) member of the United Nations in the American continent . Owing to the United Nations ` one state , one vote ' system , Saint_Kitts_and_Nevis vote has the same weight as countries such as Brazil and Mexico , which are roughly 3,000 times more populous and India which has millions more people . eos
is the smallest ( in population ) member of the United Nations in the American continent . Owing to the United Nations ` one state , one vote ' system , Saint_Kitts_and_Nevis vote has the same weight as countries such as Brazil and Mexico , which are roughly 3,000 times more populous and India which has millions more people . eos
vote has the same weight as countries such as Brazil and Mexico , which are roughly 3,000 times more populous and India which has millions more people . eos
is an island nation in the eastern Caribbean Sea on the boundary with the Atlantic Ocean . Part of the Lesser Antilles , Saint_Lucia is located north of the islands of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , north west of Barbados and south of Martinique . Saint_Lucia is also known as the ` ` Helen of the West '' . eos
is located north of the islands of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , north west of Barbados and south of Martinique . Saint_Lucia is also known as the ` ` Helen of the West '' . Saint_Lucia is one of the Windward Islands . eos
is also known as the ` ` Helen of the West '' . Saint_Lucia is one of the Windward Islands . Named for the Roman Catholic Saint Lucy of Syracuse . eos
is one of the Windward Islands . Named for the Roman Catholic Saint Lucy of Syracuse . Saint_Lucia was first visited by Europeans in about the year 1500 and first colonized successfully by France who signed a treaty with the native Carib peoples in 1660 . eos
was first visited by Europeans in about the year 1500 and first colonized successfully by France who signed a treaty with the native Carib peoples in 1660 . England then took control of Saint_Lucia from 1663 - 1667 before going to war with France over Saint_Lucia fourteen times . The British finally took complete control of Saint_Lucia in 1814 . eos
from 1663 - 1667 before going to war with France over Saint_Lucia fourteen times . The British finally took complete control of Saint_Lucia in 1814 . Representative government came about in 1924 ( with universal adult suffrage from 1953 ) and from 1958 to 1962 Saint_Lucia was a member of the Federation of the West Indies . eos
fourteen times . The British finally took complete control of Saint_Lucia in 1814 . Representative government came about in 1924 ( with universal adult suffrage from 1953 ) and from 1958 to 1962 Saint_Lucia was a member of the Federation of the West Indies . eos
in 1814 . Representative government came about in 1924 ( with universal adult suffrage from 1953 ) and from 1958 to 1962 Saint_Lucia was a member of the Federation of the West Indies . Lastly , on february 22 , 1979 Saint_Lucia became an independent state of the Commonwealth of Nations , Saint_Lucia celebrates this every year with a public holiday , which coincidentally marks the birthday of the prevalent British diplomat , Lucia Ladi . eos
was a member of the Federation of the West Indies . Lastly , on february 22 , 1979 Saint_Lucia became an independent state of the Commonwealth of Nations , Saint_Lucia celebrates this every year with a public holiday , which coincidentally marks the birthday of the prevalent British diplomat , Lucia Ladi . eos
became an independent state of the Commonwealth of Nations , Saint_Lucia celebrates this every year with a public holiday , which coincidentally marks the birthday of the prevalent British diplomat , Lucia Ladi . eos
celebrates this every year with a public holiday , which coincidentally marks the birthday of the prevalent British diplomat , Lucia Ladi . eos
( Italian : Serenissima Repubblica di San Marino ) is the third smallest nation in Europe ( after Monaco and the Holy See ) . Located in southern Europe , San_Marino is an enclave surrounded by Italy , and San_Marino is one of the European microstates . San_Marino is the oldest constitutional republic in the world still in existence today . eos
is an enclave surrounded by Italy , and San_Marino is one of the European microstates . San_Marino is the oldest constitutional republic in the world still in existence today . San_Marino was founded in AD 301 by Marinus of Rab , a Christian stonemason fleeing the religious persecution of Roman Emperor Diocletian . eos
is one of the European microstates . San_Marino is the oldest constitutional republic in the world still in existence today . San_Marino was founded in AD 301 by Marinus of Rab , a Christian stonemason fleeing the religious persecution of Roman Emperor Diocletian . eos
is the oldest constitutional republic in the world still in existence today . San_Marino was founded in AD 301 by Marinus of Rab , a Christian stonemason fleeing the religious persecution of Roman Emperor Diocletian . San_Marino is the fifth least - populous sovereign country in the world ( larger only than the Vatican City , Tuvalu , Nauru , and Palau ) . eos
was founded in AD 301 by Marinus of Rab , a Christian stonemason fleeing the religious persecution of Roman Emperor Diocletian . San_Marino is the fifth least - populous sovereign country in the world ( larger only than the Vatican City , Tuvalu , Nauru , and Palau ) . San_Marino is the smallest member of the Western European and Others Group eos
is the fifth least - populous sovereign country in the world ( larger only than the Vatican City , Tuvalu , Nauru , and Palau ) . San_Marino is the smallest member of the Western European and Others Group ( WEOG ) unofficial political - geographical grouping of the United Nations . eos
is the smallest member of the Western European and Others Group ( WEOG ) unofficial political - geographical grouping of the United Nations . San_Marino is also the smallest non - English speaking member of the United Nations . eos
is also the smallest non - English speaking member of the United Nations . San_Marino is the smallest country or other jurisdiction participating in European football competitions . eos
is the smallest country or other jurisdiction participating in European football competitions . eos
( English pronunciation "" IPA : "" saʊ̯ tʰəˈmeɪ̯ ənd ˈpʰɹɪnsɪpɪ "" "" , Portuguese pronunciation / "" IPA : sɐ̃w̃tumɛi pɾı̃sɨpɨ eos
consists of two islands : São Tomé and Príncipe , located about 140 kilometres apart and about 250 and 225 kilometres respectively , off of the northwestern coast of Gabon . Both islands are part of an extinct volcanic mountain range . São Tomé , the sizable southern island , is situated almost exactly on the equator . eos
is the second smallest ( in terms of population ) African country ( larger only than Seychelles ) . Sao_Tome_and_Principe is the smallest country in the world that is not a former US trusteeship , a former UK dependency , or a European microstate . eos
is the smallest country in the world that is not a former US trusteeship , a former UK dependency , or a European microstate . Sao_Tome_and_Principe is the smallest Portuguese - speaking country in the world . eos
is the smallest Portuguese - speaking country in the world . eos
( "" Arabic : المملكة العربية السعودية "" ) is the largest country on the Arabian Peninsula . Saudi_Arabia borders Jordan on the northwest , Iraq on the north and northeast , Kuwait , Qatar , Bahrain , and the United Arab Emirates on the east , Oman on the southeast , and Yemen on the south , with the Persian Gulf to Saudi_Arabia northeast and the Red Sea to Saudi_Arabia west . Saudi_Arabia is called ` ` the land of the two holy mosques '' , a reference to Mecca and Medina , Islam 's two holiest places . eos
borders Jordan on the northwest , Iraq on the north and northeast , Kuwait , Qatar , Bahrain , and the United Arab Emirates on the east , Oman on the southeast , and Yemen on the south , with the Persian Gulf to Saudi_Arabia northeast and the Red Sea to Saudi_Arabia west . Saudi_Arabia is called ` ` the land of the two holy mosques '' , a reference to Mecca and Medina , Islam 's two holiest places . In English , Saudi_Arabia is most commonly referred to as Saudi Arabia ( pronounced / "" IPA : ˈsɒdɪ "" / or / "" IPA : ˈsaudɪ əˈɹeɪ̯bɪə "" / ) , often as just Saudi by many English - speaking expatriates in the kingdom , or , less commonly ( as in international football events or in Saudi_Arabia national press ) as KSA ( Arabia is sometimes also used to refer to Saudi_Arabia , but the term can also refer to the entire Peninsula and its varied nations and is thus ambiguous . ) eos
northeast and the Red Sea to Saudi_Arabia west . Saudi_Arabia is called ` ` the land of the two holy mosques '' , a reference to Mecca and Medina , Islam 's two holiest places . In English , Saudi_Arabia is most commonly referred to as Saudi Arabia ( pronounced / "" IPA : ˈsɒdɪ "" / or / "" IPA : ˈsaudɪ əˈɹeɪ̯bɪə "" / ) , often as just Saudi by many English - speaking expatriates in the kingdom , or , less commonly ( as in international football events or in Saudi_Arabia national press ) as KSA ( Arabia is sometimes also used to refer to Saudi_Arabia , but the term can also refer to the entire Peninsula and its varied nations and is thus ambiguous . ) eos
west . Saudi_Arabia is called ` ` the land of the two holy mosques '' , a reference to Mecca and Medina , Islam 's two holiest places . In English , Saudi_Arabia is most commonly referred to as Saudi Arabia ( pronounced / "" IPA : ˈsɒdɪ "" / or / "" IPA : ˈsaudɪ əˈɹeɪ̯bɪə "" / ) , often as just Saudi by many English - speaking expatriates in the kingdom , or , less commonly ( as in international football events or in Saudi_Arabia national press ) as KSA ( Arabia is sometimes also used to refer to Saudi_Arabia , but the term can also refer to the entire Peninsula and its varied nations and is thus ambiguous . ) eos
is called ` ` the land of the two holy mosques '' , a reference to Mecca and Medina , Islam 's two holiest places . In English , Saudi_Arabia is most commonly referred to as Saudi Arabia ( pronounced / "" IPA : ˈsɒdɪ "" / or / "" IPA : ˈsaudɪ əˈɹeɪ̯bɪə "" / ) , often as just Saudi by many English - speaking expatriates in the kingdom , or , less commonly ( as in international football events or in Saudi_Arabia national press ) as KSA ( Arabia is sometimes also used to refer to Saudi_Arabia , but the term can also refer to the entire Peninsula and its varied nations and is thus ambiguous . ) eos
is most commonly referred to as Saudi Arabia ( pronounced / "" IPA : ˈsɒdɪ "" / or / "" IPA : ˈsaudɪ əˈɹeɪ̯bɪə "" / ) , often as just Saudi by many English - speaking expatriates in the kingdom , or , less commonly ( as in international football events or in Saudi_Arabia national press ) as KSA ( Arabia is sometimes also used to refer to Saudi_Arabia , but the term can also refer to the entire Peninsula and its varied nations and is thus ambiguous . ) eos
national press ) as KSA ( Arabia is sometimes also used to refer to Saudi_Arabia , but the term can also refer to the entire Peninsula and its varied nations and is thus ambiguous . ) eos
, but the term can also refer to the entire Peninsula and its varied nations and is thus ambiguous . ) eos
( French : Îles Éparses or Îles éparses de l'océan indien ) comprise four small coral islands and an atoll in the Indian Ocean . Scattered_islands_in_the_Indian_Ocean have no permanent population . eos
have no permanent population . Three of the islands , Glorieuses , Juan de Nova and Europa , as well as the Bassas da India atoll lie in the Mozambique Channel west of Madagascar , while the fourth island , Tromelin , is about 220 miles east of Madagascar . Also in the Mozambique Channel is Banc du Geyser , not claimed by any nation until 1976 when it was annexed by Madagascar . eos
have been classified as nature reserves . Scattered_islands_in_the_Indian_Ocean support meteorological stations , except Bassas da India . The meteorological stations on the Glorioso Islands , Juan de Nova and Europa Island are automated . eos
support meteorological stations , except Bassas da India . The meteorological stations on the Glorioso Islands , Juan de Nova and Europa Island are automated . The station on Tromelin island in particular provides warning of cyclones threatening Madagascar , Réunion or Mauritius . eos
, except Bassas da India has an airstrip of more than 1,000 metres . Mauritius , the Comoro Islands and Madagascar dispute France 's sovereignty over Scattered_islands_in_the_Indian_Ocean . Mauritius claims Tromelin , the Comoro Islands claim the Glorioso Islands , and Madagascar the remaining islands . eos
. Mauritius claims Tromelin , the Comoro Islands claim the Glorioso Islands , and Madagascar the remaining islands . eos
( "" French : le Sénégal "" ) , officially the Republic of Senegal , is a country south of the Sénégal River in western Africa . Senegal is bounded by the Atlantic Ocean to the west , Mauritania to the north , Mali to the east , and Guinea and Guinea - Bissau to the south . The Gambia lies almost entirely within Senegal , surrounded on the north , east and south ; from its western coast , The Gambia 's territory follows the Gambia River more than 300 km inland . eos
is bounded by the Atlantic Ocean to the west , Mauritania to the north , Mali to the east , and Guinea and Guinea - Bissau to the south . The Gambia lies almost entirely within Senegal , surrounded on the north , east and south ; from its western coast , The Gambia 's territory follows the Gambia River more than 300 km inland . The Cape Verde islands lie some 560 km ( 348 miles ) off the Senegalese coast . eos
, surrounded on the north , east and south ; from its western coast , The Gambia 's territory follows the Gambia River more than 300 km inland . The Cape Verde islands lie some 560 km ( 348 miles ) off the Senegalese coast . eos
, officially the Republic of Serbia ( Serbian : "" "" or Republika Srbija , listen ) , is a landlocked country in Central and Southeastern Europe , covering the central part of the Balkan Peninsula and the southern part of the Pannonian Plain . The capital is Belgrade . eos
borders Hungary to the north ; Romania and Bulgaria to the east ; Albania and the Republic of Macedonia to the south ; and Montenegro , Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina to the west . Invited by Byzantine emperor Heraclius Serbs settled the region by 630 AD , fully converted to Christianity by 865 AD , formed two distinct independent kingdoms by the 13th century - in Dioclea and Rascia , as well as two distinct shortlasting Empires - Serbian Empire of Stefan Dusan and Empire of Jovan Nenad . The Medieval Serbian Kingdom , later Empire , rose from Byzantine , Bulgarian and Hungarian patronage to become a threat to the very existence of Constantinople itself . eos
as a state Serbia obtained formal independence in 1878 . Victorious in Balkan wars and World War I , for nearly a century eos
obtained formal independence in 1878 . Victorious in Balkan wars and World War I , for nearly a century eos
was part of various South Slavic states , including the Kingdom of the Serbs , Croats and Slovenes from 1918 to 1941 ( renamed to the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929 ) , the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia from 1945 to 1992 , the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia from 1992 to 2003 , and the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro from 2003 to 2006 . After Montenegro voted independence from the State Union , Serbia officially proclaimed Serbia independence on june 5 , 2006 , as the successor state to the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro . eos
officially proclaimed Serbia independence on june 5 , 2006 , as the successor state to the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro . eos
independence on june 5 , 2006 , as the successor state to the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro . eos
, officially the Republic of Singapore ( "" Malay : Republik Singapura "" ; Chinese : "" Chinese : 新加坡共和国 "" , Pinyin : Xīnjiāpō Gònghéguó ; "" Tamil : சிங்கப்பூர் குடியரசு "" , "" Tamil : Ciŋkappūr Kudiyarasu "" ) , is an island city - state and the smallest country in South - East Asia . eos
is located on the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula , south of the Malaysian state of Johor , and north of the Indonesian Riau Islands . Singapore lies just 137 kilometres ( 85 miles ) north of the Equator . The site of several ancient port cities and a possession of several empires in Singapore history , Singapore was a Malay fishing village when Singapore was colonised by the United Kingdom in the 19th century . eos
lies just 137 kilometres ( 85 miles ) north of the Equator . The site of several ancient port cities and a possession of several empires in Singapore history , Singapore was a Malay fishing village when Singapore was colonised by the United Kingdom in the 19th century . Singapore was further occupied by the Japanese Empire in World War II , and Singapore was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . eos
history , Singapore was a Malay fishing village when Singapore was colonised by the United Kingdom in the 19th century . Singapore was further occupied by the Japanese Empire in World War II , and Singapore was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . When Singapore acquired independence , having few natural resources , Singapore was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . eos
was a Malay fishing village when Singapore was colonised by the United Kingdom in the 19th century . Singapore was further occupied by the Japanese Empire in World War II , and Singapore was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . When Singapore acquired independence , having few natural resources , Singapore was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . eos
was colonised by the United Kingdom in the 19th century . Singapore was further occupied by the Japanese Empire in World War II , and Singapore was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . When Singapore acquired independence , having few natural resources , Singapore was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . eos
was further occupied by the Japanese Empire in World War II , and Singapore was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . When Singapore acquired independence , having few natural resources , Singapore was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . Foreign investment and rapid government - led industrialisation has since created an economy which relies on exports of electronics and manufacturing primarily from Singapore port . eos
was later part of the merger which established Malaysia . When Singapore acquired independence , having few natural resources , Singapore was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . Foreign investment and rapid government - led industrialisation has since created an economy which relies on exports of electronics and manufacturing primarily from Singapore port . eos
was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . Foreign investment and rapid government - led industrialisation has since created an economy which relies on exports of electronics and manufacturing primarily from Singapore port . According to the quality - of - life index assembled by the Economist Intelligence Unit , Singapore has the highest standard of living in Asia , and Singapore is ranked 11th in the World . eos
acquired independence , having few natural resources , Singapore was sociopolitically volatile and economically undeveloped . Foreign investment and rapid government - led industrialisation has since created an economy which relies on exports of electronics and manufacturing primarily from Singapore port . According to the quality - of - life index assembled by the Economist Intelligence Unit , Singapore has the highest standard of living in Asia , and Singapore is ranked 11th in the World . eos
port . According to the quality - of - life index assembled by the Economist Intelligence Unit , Singapore has the highest standard of living in Asia , and Singapore is ranked 11th in the World . In the more well - known Human Development Index by the United Nations , Singapore holds the 25th place , behind only Japan and Hong Kong in Asia . eos
has the highest standard of living in Asia , and Singapore is ranked 11th in the World . In the more well - known Human Development Index by the United Nations , Singapore holds the 25th place , behind only Japan and Hong Kong in Asia . Measured by GDP per capita , Singapore is the 22nd wealthiest country . eos
is ranked 11th in the World . In the more well - known Human Development Index by the United Nations , Singapore holds the 25th place , behind only Japan and Hong Kong in Asia . Measured by GDP per capita , Singapore is the 22nd wealthiest country . eos
holds the 25th place , behind only Japan and Hong Kong in Asia . Measured by GDP per capita , Singapore is the 22nd wealthiest country . Singapore has a foreign reserve of S$ 197b ( US$ 119b ) . eos
is the 22nd wealthiest country . Singapore has a foreign reserve of S$ 197b ( US$ 119b ) . More than 90 % of Singapore population lives in housing estates constructed by the Housing Development Board and nearly half uses the public transport system daily . eos
has a foreign reserve of S$ 197b ( US$ 119b ) . More than 90 % of Singapore population lives in housing estates constructed by the Housing Development Board and nearly half uses the public transport system daily . As a result of efforts to control motorised traffic , the maintenance of natural greenery , strict regulations on industrial locations and emissions , and other pro - environmental initiatives by the government and the private sector , Singapore has been able to control Singapore pollution levels to well within World Health Organization standards . eos
population lives in housing estates constructed by the Housing Development Board and nearly half uses the public transport system daily . As a result of efforts to control motorised traffic , the maintenance of natural greenery , strict regulations on industrial locations and emissions , and other pro - environmental initiatives by the government and the private sector , Singapore has been able to control Singapore pollution levels to well within World Health Organization standards . The Constitution of the Republic of Singapore established Singapore as a representative democracy . eos
has been able to control Singapore pollution levels to well within World Health Organization standards . The Constitution of the Republic of Singapore established Singapore as a representative democracy . Singapore initially undertook a democratic socialist policy shortly after Singapore independence , adopting a welfare system . eos
pollution levels to well within World Health Organization standards . The Constitution of the Republic of Singapore established Singapore as a representative democracy . Singapore initially undertook a democratic socialist policy shortly after Singapore independence , adopting a welfare system . eos
as a representative democracy . Singapore initially undertook a democratic socialist policy shortly after Singapore independence , adopting a welfare system . However , the government has since become more conservative than it was at the founding of Singapore . eos
initially undertook a democratic socialist policy shortly after Singapore independence , adopting a welfare system . However , the government has since become more conservative than it was at the founding of Singapore . eos
independence , adopting a welfare system . However , the government has since become more conservative than it was at the founding of Singapore . eos
. eos
( Slovak : Slovensko ) is a landlocked republic in Central Europe with a population of over five million . Slovakia is a member of the European Union ( since May 1 2004 ) and Slovakia borders Czech Republic and Austria in the west , Poland in the north , Ukraine in the east and Hungary in the south . eos
is a member of the European Union ( since May 1 2004 ) and Slovakia borders Czech Republic and Austria in the west , Poland in the north , Ukraine in the east and Hungary in the south . The largest city is Slovakia capital , Bratislava . eos
borders Czech Republic and Austria in the west , Poland in the north , Ukraine in the east and Hungary in the south . The largest city is Slovakia capital , Bratislava . eos
capital , Bratislava . eos
, officially the Republic of Slovenia ( "" Slovenian : Republika Slovenija "" ) , is a coastal Alpine country in southern Central Europe bordering Italy to the west , the Adriatic Sea to the southwest , Croatia to the south and east , Hungary to the northeast , and Austria to the north . Throughout Slovenia history , Slovenia has been part of the Roman Empire , the Duchy of Carantania ( only Slovenia modern northern part ) , the Holy Roman Empire , Austria - Hungary , the State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs , the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes ( renamed the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929 ) between the World Wars , and the SFR of Yugoslavia from 1945 until gaining independence in 1991 . Slovenia is a member of the European Union , the Council of Europe , NATO , and Slovenia has observer status in La Francophonie . eos
history , Slovenia has been part of the Roman Empire , the Duchy of Carantania ( only Slovenia modern northern part ) , the Holy Roman Empire , Austria - Hungary , the State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs , the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes ( renamed the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929 ) between the World Wars , and the SFR of Yugoslavia from 1945 until gaining independence in 1991 . Slovenia is a member of the European Union , the Council of Europe , NATO , and Slovenia has observer status in La Francophonie . eos
has been part of the Roman Empire , the Duchy of Carantania ( only Slovenia modern northern part ) , the Holy Roman Empire , Austria - Hungary , the State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs , the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes ( renamed the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929 ) between the World Wars , and the SFR of Yugoslavia from 1945 until gaining independence in 1991 . Slovenia is a member of the European Union , the Council of Europe , NATO , and Slovenia has observer status in La Francophonie . eos
modern northern part ) , the Holy Roman Empire , Austria - Hungary , the State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs , the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes ( renamed the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929 ) between the World Wars , and the SFR of Yugoslavia from 1945 until gaining independence in 1991 . Slovenia is a member of the European Union , the Council of Europe , NATO , and Slovenia has observer status in La Francophonie . eos
is a member of the European Union , the Council of Europe , NATO , and Slovenia has observer status in La Francophonie . eos
has observer status in La Francophonie . eos
is a nation in Melanesia , east of Papua New Guinea , consisting of nearly one thousand islands . Together Solomon_Islands cover a land mass of 28,400 square kilometres ( 10,965 sq mi ) . The capital is Honiara , located on the island of Guadalcanal . eos
cover a land mass of 28,400 square kilometres ( 10,965 sq mi ) . The capital is Honiara , located on the island of Guadalcanal . Solomon_Islands have been inhabited by Melanesian people for at least 30,000 years . eos
have been inhabited by Melanesian people for at least 30,000 years . The United Kingdom established a protectorate over Solomon_Islands in the 1890s . Some of the most bitter fighting of World War II occurred on Solomon_Islands . eos
in the 1890s . Some of the most bitter fighting of World War II occurred on Solomon_Islands . Self - government was achieved in 1976 and independence two years later . eos
. Self - government was achieved in 1976 and independence two years later . Solomon_Islands remains a Commonwealth Realm . eos
remains a Commonwealth Realm . Since 1997 ethnic violence , government misconduct and crime have undermined stability and civil society . In june 2003 an Australian - led multinational force , the Regional Assistance Mission to the Solomon Islands ( RAMSI ) , arrived to restore peace and disarm ethnic militias . eos
is a country located at the southern tip of the African continent . South_Africa borders the countries of Namibia , Botswana , Zimbabwe , Mozambique , and Swaziland . Lesotho is an independent enclave entirely surrounded by South African territory . eos
borders the countries of Namibia , Botswana , Zimbabwe , Mozambique , and Swaziland . Lesotho is an independent enclave entirely surrounded by South African territory . South_Africa has experienced a significantly different evolution from other nations in Africa as a result of two facts . eos
has experienced a significantly different evolution from other nations in Africa as a result of two facts . Firstly , immigration from Europe reached levels not experienced in other African communities . Secondly , the strategic importance of the Cape Sea Route , as emphasised by the closure of the Suez Canal during the Six Day War , and mineral wealth made South_Africa extremely important to Western interests , particularly during the Cold War . eos
extremely important to Western interests , particularly during the Cold War . As a result of the former , South_Africa is a very racially diverse nation . South_Africa has the largest population of people of Coloured ( ie mixed racial background ) , whites , and Indian communities in Africa . eos
is a very racially diverse nation . South_Africa has the largest population of people of Coloured ( ie mixed racial background ) , whites , and Indian communities in Africa . Black South Africans account for slightly less than 80 % of the population . eos
has the largest population of people of Coloured ( ie mixed racial background ) , whites , and Indian communities in Africa . Black South Africans account for slightly less than 80 % of the population . Racial strife between the white minority and the black majority has played a large part in South_Africa history and politics , culminating in apartheid , which was instituted in 1948 by the National Party ( although segregation existed prior to that date ) . eos
history and politics , culminating in apartheid , which was instituted in 1948 by the National Party ( although segregation existed prior to that date ) . The laws that defined apartheid began to be repealed or abolished by the National Party in 1990 after a long and sometimes violent struggle ( including economic sanctions from the international community ) by the Black majority as well as many White , Coloured , and Indian South Africans . Two philosophies originated in South_Africa : eos
: ubuntu ( the belief in a universal bond of sharing that connects all humanity ) ; and Gandhi 's notion of ` ` passive resistance '' ( Satyagraha ) , developed while he lived in South_Africa . South_Africa is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état , and regular elections have been held for almost a century ; however , the vast majority of black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994 . eos
. South_Africa is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état , and regular elections have been held for almost a century ; however , the vast majority of black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994 . The economy of South_Africa is the largest and best developed on the continent , with modern infrastructure common throughout South_Africa . eos
is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état , and regular elections have been held for almost a century ; however , the vast majority of black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994 . The economy of South_Africa is the largest and best developed on the continent , with modern infrastructure common throughout South_Africa . South_Africa is often referred to as ` ` The Rainbow Nation '' , a term coined by Archbishop Desmond Tutu and later adopted by then - President Nelson Mandela as a metaphor to describe South_Africa newly - developing multicultural diversity in the wake of segregationist apartheid ideology . eos
is the largest and best developed on the continent , with modern infrastructure common throughout South_Africa . South_Africa is often referred to as ` ` The Rainbow Nation '' , a term coined by Archbishop Desmond Tutu and later adopted by then - President Nelson Mandela as a metaphor to describe South_Africa newly - developing multicultural diversity in the wake of segregationist apartheid ideology . South_Africa will be the host nation for the 2010 FIFA World Cup . eos
. South_Africa is often referred to as ` ` The Rainbow Nation '' , a term coined by Archbishop Desmond Tutu and later adopted by then - President Nelson Mandela as a metaphor to describe South_Africa newly - developing multicultural diversity in the wake of segregationist apartheid ideology . South_Africa will be the host nation for the 2010 FIFA World Cup . eos
is often referred to as ` ` The Rainbow Nation '' , a term coined by Archbishop Desmond Tutu and later adopted by then - President Nelson Mandela as a metaphor to describe South_Africa newly - developing multicultural diversity in the wake of segregationist apartheid ideology . South_Africa will be the host nation for the 2010 FIFA World Cup . It will be the first time the tournament is held in Africa . eos
newly - developing multicultural diversity in the wake of segregationist apartheid ideology . South_Africa will be the host nation for the 2010 FIFA World Cup . It will be the first time the tournament is held in Africa . eos
will be the host nation for the 2010 FIFA World Cup . It will be the first time the tournament is held in Africa . eos
( SGSSI ) is an overseas territory of the United Kingdom in the southern Atlantic Ocean . South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands was formed in 1985 ; previously South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands was governed as part of the Falkland Islands Dependencies . South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands is a remote and inhospitable collection of islands , consisting of South Georgia - which measures approximately 100 miles by 18 miles and is by far the largest island in the territory - and a group of smaller islands known as the South Sandwich Islands . eos
was formed in 1985 ; previously South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands was governed as part of the Falkland Islands Dependencies . South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands is a remote and inhospitable collection of islands , consisting of South Georgia - which measures approximately 100 miles by 18 miles and is by far the largest island in the territory - and a group of smaller islands known as the South Sandwich Islands . There is no native population on any of South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands , and the only inhabitants are the British Government Officer , scientists and support staff from the British Antarctic Survey who maintain scientific bases at Bird Island and the capital , King Edward Point , and museum staff at nearby Grytviken . eos
was governed as part of the Falkland Islands Dependencies . South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands is a remote and inhospitable collection of islands , consisting of South Georgia - which measures approximately 100 miles by 18 miles and is by far the largest island in the territory - and a group of smaller islands known as the South Sandwich Islands . There is no native population on any of South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands , and the only inhabitants are the British Government Officer , scientists and support staff from the British Antarctic Survey who maintain scientific bases at Bird Island and the capital , King Edward Point , and museum staff at nearby Grytviken . eos
is a remote and inhospitable collection of islands , consisting of South Georgia - which measures approximately 100 miles by 18 miles and is by far the largest island in the territory - and a group of smaller islands known as the South Sandwich Islands . There is no native population on any of South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands , and the only inhabitants are the British Government Officer , scientists and support staff from the British Antarctic Survey who maintain scientific bases at Bird Island and the capital , King Edward Point , and museum staff at nearby Grytviken . The British sovereignty of South Georgia dates from 1775 , and that of the South Sandwich Islands from 1908 . eos
, and the only inhabitants are the British Government Officer , scientists and support staff from the British Antarctic Survey who maintain scientific bases at Bird Island and the capital , King Edward Point , and museum staff at nearby Grytviken . The British sovereignty of South Georgia dates from 1775 , and that of the South Sandwich Islands from 1908 . British arrangements for the government of South Georgia were first established under the 1843 British Letters Patent , with permanent local British administration and resident Magistrate since 1909 exercising effective possession , enforcement of British law , and regulation of all economic , scientific and other activities in the territory . eos
contributed to the 1982 Falklands War and has remained unresolved until today . eos
, officially the Republic of Korea ( Korean : 대한민국 , "" IPA : tɛɦanminguk̚ "" , listen ) , is an East Asian state on the southern half of the Korean Peninsula . To the north , South_Korea is bordered by North Korea ( Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ) , with which South_Korea was a single country called Korea until 1945 . eos
is bordered by North Korea ( Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ) , with which South_Korea was a single country called Korea until 1945 . To the west , across the Yellow Sea , lies China , and to the southeast , across the Korea Strait , lies Japan . Approximately one - half of South_Korea population lives in or near the capital and largest city , Seoul , the second largest metropolitan area in the world . eos
was a single country called Korea until 1945 . To the west , across the Yellow Sea , lies China , and to the southeast , across the Korea Strait , lies Japan . Approximately one - half of South_Korea population lives in or near the capital and largest city , Seoul , the second largest metropolitan area in the world . eos
population lives in or near the capital and largest city , Seoul , the second largest metropolitan area in the world . Since South_Korea founding in 1948 , South_Korea has struggled with the aftermath of 35 years of Japanese annexation , the Korean War , and decades of military rule , seeing five major constitutional changes . Pro - democracy demonstrations during the 1980s led to free elections in 1987 . eos
founding in 1948 , South_Korea has struggled with the aftermath of 35 years of Japanese annexation , the Korean War , and decades of military rule , seeing five major constitutional changes . Pro - democracy demonstrations during the 1980s led to free elections in 1987 . South_Korea is now a multi - party democracy . eos
has struggled with the aftermath of 35 years of Japanese annexation , the Korean War , and decades of military rule , seeing five major constitutional changes . Pro - democracy demonstrations during the 1980s led to free elections in 1987 . South_Korea is now a multi - party democracy . eos
is now a multi - party democracy . The South Korean economy has advanced rapidly since the 1950s and is now the 10th largest ( nominal value ) economy in the world . South_Korea is also one of the world 's most technologically advanced and digitally - connected countries . eos
is also one of the world 's most technologically advanced and digitally - connected countries . South_Korea has the second highest broadband Internet connections per capita among OECD countries and South_Korea is a global leader in electronics , digital displays , shipbuilding and mobile phones . South_Korea entertainment industry has grown explosively since the 1990s , producing Asia - wide successes in music , television , and film in a phenomenon known as Hallyu , or the ` ` Korean wave . '' eos
is a global leader in electronics , digital displays , shipbuilding and mobile phones . South_Korea entertainment industry has grown explosively since the 1990s , producing Asia - wide successes in music , television , and film in a phenomenon known as Hallyu , or the ` ` Korean wave . '' However , South_Korea still retains centuries - old customs and traditions , such as South_Korea unique cuisine and ancestor worship . eos
has the second highest broadband Internet connections per capita among OECD countries and South_Korea is a global leader in electronics , digital displays , shipbuilding and mobile phones . South_Korea entertainment industry has grown explosively since the 1990s , producing Asia - wide successes in music , television , and film in a phenomenon known as Hallyu , or the ` ` Korean wave . '' However , South_Korea still retains centuries - old customs and traditions , such as South_Korea unique cuisine and ancestor worship . eos
entertainment industry has grown explosively since the 1990s , producing Asia - wide successes in music , television , and film in a phenomenon known as Hallyu , or the ` ` Korean wave . '' However , South_Korea still retains centuries - old customs and traditions , such as South_Korea unique cuisine and ancestor worship . eos
still retains centuries - old customs and traditions , such as South_Korea unique cuisine and ancestor worship . eos
unique cuisine and ancestor worship . eos
, officially the Kingdom of Spain ( "" Spanish : Reino de España "" , short form : España ) , is a country located in Southern Europe , with two small exclaves in North Africa ( both bordering Morocco ) . Spain is a democracy Spain is organized as a parliamentary monarchy . Spain is a developed country with the ninth - largest economy in the world . eos
is a democracy Spain is organized as a parliamentary monarchy . Spain is a developed country with the ninth - largest economy in the world . Spain is the largest of the three sovereign nations that make up the Iberian Peninsula - the others are Portugal and the microstate of Andorra . eos
is organized as a parliamentary monarchy . Spain is a developed country with the ninth - largest economy in the world . Spain is the largest of the three sovereign nations that make up the Iberian Peninsula - the others are Portugal and the microstate of Andorra . eos
is a developed country with the ninth - largest economy in the world . Spain is the largest of the three sovereign nations that make up the Iberian Peninsula - the others are Portugal and the microstate of Andorra . To the west and to the south of Galicia , Spain borders Portugal . eos
is the largest of the three sovereign nations that make up the Iberian Peninsula - the others are Portugal and the microstate of Andorra . To the west and to the south of Galicia , Spain borders Portugal . To the south , Spain borders Gibraltar ( a British overseas territory ) and , through Spain cities in North Africa ( Ceuta and Melilla ) , Morocco . eos
borders Portugal . To the south , Spain borders Gibraltar ( a British overseas territory ) and , through Spain cities in North Africa ( Ceuta and Melilla ) , Morocco . To the northeast , along the Pyrenees mountain range , Spain borders France and the tiny principality of Andorra . eos
borders Gibraltar ( a British overseas territory ) and , through Spain cities in North Africa ( Ceuta and Melilla ) , Morocco . To the northeast , along the Pyrenees mountain range , Spain borders France and the tiny principality of Andorra . Spain also includes the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea , the Canary Islands in the Atlantic Ocean and a number of uninhabited islands on the Mediterranean side of the strait of Gibraltar , known as "" Spanish : Plazas de soberanía "" , such as the Chafarine islands , the isle of Alborán , the ` ` rocks '' ( "" Spanish : peñones "" ) of Vélez and Alhucemas , and the tiny Isla Perejil . eos
cities in North Africa ( Ceuta and Melilla ) , Morocco . To the northeast , along the Pyrenees mountain range , Spain borders France and the tiny principality of Andorra . Spain also includes the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea , the Canary Islands in the Atlantic Ocean and a number of uninhabited islands on the Mediterranean side of the strait of Gibraltar , known as "" Spanish : Plazas de soberanía "" , such as the Chafarine islands , the isle of Alborán , the ` ` rocks '' ( "" Spanish : peñones "" ) of Vélez and Alhucemas , and the tiny Isla Perejil . eos
borders France and the tiny principality of Andorra . Spain also includes the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea , the Canary Islands in the Atlantic Ocean and a number of uninhabited islands on the Mediterranean side of the strait of Gibraltar , known as "" Spanish : Plazas de soberanía "" , such as the Chafarine islands , the isle of Alborán , the ` ` rocks '' ( "" Spanish : peñones "" ) of Vélez and Alhucemas , and the tiny Isla Perejil . In the northeast along the Pyrenees , a small exclave town called Llívia in Catalonia is surrounded by French territory . eos
also includes the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea , the Canary Islands in the Atlantic Ocean and a number of uninhabited islands on the Mediterranean side of the strait of Gibraltar , known as "" Spanish : Plazas de soberanía "" , such as the Chafarine islands , the isle of Alborán , the ` ` rocks '' ( "" Spanish : peñones "" ) of Vélez and Alhucemas , and the tiny Isla Perejil . In the northeast along the Pyrenees , a small exclave town called Llívia in Catalonia is surrounded by French territory . The term Spain ( España in Spanish ) is derived from the Roman name for the region : Hispania . eos
are a disputed group of approximately 100 reefs and islets in the South China Sea . Part of the South China Sea Islands , Spratly_Islands are surrounded by rich fishing grounds and gas and oil deposits , whose true extent is unknown and disputed . The People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) , and Vietnam each claim sovereignty over Spratly_Islands , while Brunei , Malaysia , and the Philippines each claim various parts . eos
are surrounded by rich fishing grounds and gas and oil deposits , whose true extent is unknown and disputed . The People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) , and Vietnam each claim sovereignty over Spratly_Islands , while Brunei , Malaysia , and the Philippines each claim various parts . Several of the nations involved have soldiers stationed in Spratly_Islands and control various installations on different islands and reefs . eos
, while Brunei , Malaysia , and the Philippines each claim various parts . Several of the nations involved have soldiers stationed in Spratly_Islands and control various installations on different islands and reefs . The Republic of China ( Taiwan ) occupies one of the largest islands , Taiping ( Itu Aba Island ) . eos
and control various installations on different islands and reefs . The Republic of China ( Taiwan ) occupies one of the largest islands , Taiping ( Itu Aba Island ) . In february 1995 , the PRC occupied Mischief Reef , creating a political crisis in Southeast Asia , especially with the Philippines . eos
, officially the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka ( ශ රී ලංකා in Sinhala , இலங்கை in Tamil ; known as Ceylon before 1952 ) is a predominantly Buddhist island nation in South Asia , located about 31 kilometres ( 18 1/2 mi ) off the southern coast of India . Sri_Lanka is often popularly referred to as the Pearl of the Indian Ocean . Sri_Lanka is home to more than 20 million people . eos
is often popularly referred to as the Pearl of the Indian Ocean . Sri_Lanka is home to more than 20 million people . A strategic naval link between West Asia and South East Asia , Sri_Lanka has been an ancient centre of Buddhist religion and culture . eos
is home to more than 20 million people . A strategic naval link between West Asia and South East Asia , Sri_Lanka has been an ancient centre of Buddhist religion and culture . Significant numbers of people also adhere to Hindu , Christianity , Islam and indigenous religions . eos
has been an ancient centre of Buddhist religion and culture . Significant numbers of people also adhere to Hindu , Christianity , Islam and indigenous religions . Sinhalese people form a majority of the population ( 74 % ) , which also consists of smaller communities of Tamil , Muslims , Burghers and indigenous peoples . eos
also boasts a progressive and modern industrial economy . The natural beauty of Sri_Lanka tropical forests , beaches and landscape and rich cultural heritage make Sri_Lanka a famous destination for tourists worldwide . After over a thousand years of rule by independent kingdoms , Sri_Lanka was colonised by Portugal and the Dutch before passing to the control of the British Empire . eos
tropical forests , beaches and landscape and rich cultural heritage make Sri_Lanka a famous destination for tourists worldwide . After over a thousand years of rule by independent kingdoms , Sri_Lanka was colonised by Portugal and the Dutch before passing to the control of the British Empire . During World War II Sri_Lanka served as an important base in the fight against the Japanese . eos
a famous destination for tourists worldwide . After over a thousand years of rule by independent kingdoms , Sri_Lanka was colonised by Portugal and the Dutch before passing to the control of the British Empire . During World War II Sri_Lanka served as an important base in the fight against the Japanese . eos
was colonised by Portugal and the Dutch before passing to the control of the British Empire . During World War II Sri_Lanka served as an important base in the fight against the Japanese . A nationalist political movement arose in Sri_Lanka in the early 20th century to obtain political independence , which was granted in 1948 . eos
served as an important base in the fight against the Japanese . A nationalist political movement arose in Sri_Lanka in the early 20th century to obtain political independence , which was granted in 1948 . Although Sri_Lanka enjoyed a stable period of democracy and economic progress , Sri_Lanka has been torn by a bloody civil war between the Sinhalese - dominated government and Tamil separatists led by the LTTE who demand an independent Tamil state in northeastern Sri Lanka . eos
in the early 20th century to obtain political independence , which was granted in 1948 . Although Sri_Lanka enjoyed a stable period of democracy and economic progress , Sri_Lanka has been torn by a bloody civil war between the Sinhalese - dominated government and Tamil separatists led by the LTTE who demand an independent Tamil state in northeastern Sri Lanka . Tsunamis caused by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake devastated the southern and north - eastern part of Sri_Lanka , causing the deaths and displacement of a large segment of the population . eos
enjoyed a stable period of democracy and economic progress , Sri_Lanka has been torn by a bloody civil war between the Sinhalese - dominated government and Tamil separatists led by the LTTE who demand an independent Tamil state in northeastern Sri Lanka . Tsunamis caused by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake devastated the southern and north - eastern part of Sri_Lanka , causing the deaths and displacement of a large segment of the population . eos
has been torn by a bloody civil war between the Sinhalese - dominated government and Tamil separatists led by the LTTE who demand an independent Tamil state in northeastern Sri Lanka . Tsunamis caused by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake devastated the southern and north - eastern part of Sri_Lanka , causing the deaths and displacement of a large segment of the population . eos
, causing the deaths and displacement of a large segment of the population . eos
( or The Sudan ; officially the Republic of the Sudan or Republic of Sudan ) ( Arabic : السودان ) is the largest country by area in Africa and the largest Arab country by area . Sudan is bordered by Egypt to the north , the Red Sea to the northeast , Eritrea and Ethiopia to the east , Kenya and Uganda to the southeast , Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Central African Republic to the southwest , Chad to the west , and Libya to the northwest . eos
is bordered by Egypt to the north , the Red Sea to the northeast , Eritrea and Ethiopia to the east , Kenya and Uganda to the southeast , Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Central African Republic to the southwest , Chad to the west , and Libya to the northwest . Sudan is the tenth largest country in the world by area . eos
is the tenth largest country in the world by area . eos
, officially the Republiek Suriname , is a country in northern South America . Other common names are Surinam or Sranang . Suriname was formerly known as Nederlands Guyana , Netherlands Guiana or Dutch Guiana . eos
was formerly known as Nederlands Guyana , Netherlands Guiana or Dutch Guiana . Suriname lies in between French Guiana to the east and Guyana to the west . The southern border is shared with Brazil and the northern border is the Atlantic coast . eos
lies in between French Guiana to the east and Guyana to the west . The southern border is shared with Brazil and the northern border is the Atlantic coast . The most southern parts of the borders with Guyana and French Guiana are disputed ( upper Corantijn and Marowijne rivers - the map shows the Guyana and French Guiana versions of the border ) . eos
is the least populated country in South America . Suriname is also the smallest nation in area on the continent . eos
is also the smallest nation in area on the continent . eos
is an archipelago lying in the Arctic Ocean north of mainland Europe , about midway between Norway and the North Pole . Svalbard consists of a group of islands ranging from 76 ° to 81 ° North , and 10 ° to 35 ° East . Svalbard is the northernmost part of the Kingdom of Norway . eos
consists of a group of islands ranging from 76 ° to 81 ° North , and 10 ° to 35 ° East . Svalbard is the northernmost part of the Kingdom of Norway . Three islands are populated : Spitsbergen , Bjørnøya and Hopen . eos
is the northernmost part of the Kingdom of Norway . Three islands are populated : Spitsbergen , Bjørnøya and Hopen . The largest settlement is Longyearbyen . eos
. With the 1925 Svalbard Act , Norway chose to make Svalbard a part of the Kingdom , and Svalbard remains one of five special entities whose status is recognized by international treaty in the world today . eos
a part of the Kingdom , and Svalbard remains one of five special entities whose status is recognized by international treaty in the world today . eos
remains one of five special entities whose status is recognized by international treaty in the world today . eos
is a small , landlocked country in Southern Africa ( one of the smallest on the continent ) , situated on the eastern slope of the Drakensberg mountains , embedded between South Africa in the west and Mozambique in the east . Swaziland is named after the Swazi , a Bantu tribe . Due in part to a high rate of HIV infection , Swaziland has the world 's lowest life expectancy : 32.62 years . eos
is named after the Swazi , a Bantu tribe . Due in part to a high rate of HIV infection , Swaziland has the world 's lowest life expectancy : 32.62 years . eos
has the world 's lowest life expectancy : 32.62 years . eos
( "" German : die Schweiz "" , "" French : la Suisse "" , "" Italian : Svizzera "" and Romansh : Svizra ) , officially the Swiss Confederation , is a landlocked Alpine country in Central Europe . eos
, Switzerland borders Germany to the north , France to the west , Italy to the south , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east , was historically a confederation , and Switzerland has been a federation since 1848 . Switzerland has a strong economy in finance and banking , and a long and strong tradition of political and military neutrality . This background allows Switzerland to host various international co - operations and organizations . eos
borders Germany to the north , France to the west , Italy to the south , and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east , was historically a confederation , and Switzerland has been a federation since 1848 . Switzerland has a strong economy in finance and banking , and a long and strong tradition of political and military neutrality . This background allows Switzerland to host various international co - operations and organizations . eos
has been a federation since 1848 . Switzerland has a strong economy in finance and banking , and a long and strong tradition of political and military neutrality . This background allows Switzerland to host various international co - operations and organizations . eos
has a strong economy in finance and banking , and a long and strong tradition of political and military neutrality . This background allows Switzerland to host various international co - operations and organizations . ` ` Switzerland '' is a term often used to state being neutral on a situation , in reference to Switzerland strong history of neutrality . eos
to host various international co - operations and organizations . ` ` Switzerland '' is a term often used to state being neutral on a situation , in reference to Switzerland strong history of neutrality . Confoederatio Helvetica , Switzerland official Latin name , means Helvetic Confederation . eos
strong history of neutrality . Confoederatio Helvetica , Switzerland official Latin name , means Helvetic Confederation . The use of Latin avoids having to favour one of the four national languages . eos
official Latin name , means Helvetic Confederation . The use of Latin avoids having to favour one of the four national languages . The abbreviation ( CH ) is used for the same reason . eos
is said to be a Schweizer and a female is a Schweizerin in Swiss German ; Suisse ( male ) or Suissesse ( female ) in Swiss French and svizzero ( male ) or svizzera ( female ) in Swiss Italian . eos
( Arabic : سوريا or , since 2005 , سورية ) , officially the Syrian Arab Republic ( Arabic : الجمهورية العربية السورية ) , is a country in the Middle East . Syria borders Lebanon to the west , Israel to the southwest , Jordan to the south , Iraq to the east , and Turkey to the north . eos
borders Lebanon to the west , Israel to the southwest , Jordan to the south , Iraq to the east , and Turkey to the north . Israel occupies the Golan Heights in the southwest of Syria ; a dispute with Turkey over the Hatay Province now seems to have subsided . Historically , Syria , or The Levant as the region has sometimes been called in English , has often been taken to include the territories of Lebanon , Israel and the Palestinian Territories , and parts of Jordan , but excluding the Jazira region in the north - east of the modern Syrian state . eos
; a dispute with Turkey over the Hatay Province now seems to have subsided . Historically , Syria , or The Levant as the region has sometimes been called in English , has often been taken to include the territories of Lebanon , Israel and the Palestinian Territories , and parts of Jordan , but excluding the Jazira region in the north - east of the modern Syrian state . In this historic sense , the region is also known as Greater Syria or by the Arabic name Bilad al - Sham eos
( Persian : جمهوری تاجیکستان ( Perso - Arabic ) , Tajik : ҷумҳурии Тоҷикистон ( Cyrillic ) , Çumhurii Toçikiston ( Turkic ) is a mountainous landlocked country in Central Asia . Tajikistan borders Afghanistan to the south , Uzbekistan to the west , Kyrgyzstan to the north , and China to the east . eos
borders Afghanistan to the south , Uzbekistan to the west , Kyrgyzstan to the north , and China to the east . Tajikistan is home mainly to the Tajiks , who share culture and history with the Iranians , and speak Tajik , a language closely related to Persian . Once the location of the famous Samanid Empire , Tajikistan became a constituent republic of the Soviet Union in the 20th century , known as the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic . eos
is home mainly to the Tajiks , who share culture and history with the Iranians , and speak Tajik , a language closely related to Persian . Once the location of the famous Samanid Empire , Tajikistan became a constituent republic of the Soviet Union in the 20th century , known as the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic . After independence , however , Tajikistan suffered from a devastating civil war which lasted from 1992 to 1997 . eos
became a constituent republic of the Soviet Union in the 20th century , known as the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic . After independence , however , Tajikistan suffered from a devastating civil war which lasted from 1992 to 1997 . Since the end of the war , newly - established political stability and foreign aid have allowed Tajikistan economy to grow . eos
suffered from a devastating civil war which lasted from 1992 to 1997 . Since the end of the war , newly - established political stability and foreign aid have allowed Tajikistan economy to grow . Tajikistan natural resources such as cotton and aluminium have contributed greatly to this steady improvement , although an observer has characterized Tajikistan as having few natural resources besides hydroelectric power and Tajikistan strategic location . eos
economy to grow . Tajikistan natural resources such as cotton and aluminium have contributed greatly to this steady improvement , although an observer has characterized Tajikistan as having few natural resources besides hydroelectric power and Tajikistan strategic location . eos
natural resources such as cotton and aluminium have contributed greatly to this steady improvement , although an observer has characterized Tajikistan as having few natural resources besides hydroelectric power and Tajikistan strategic location . eos
as having few natural resources besides hydroelectric power and Tajikistan strategic location . eos
strategic location . eos
"" IPA : ˌtænzəˈniə "" , officially the United Republic of Tanzania ( Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania in Swahili ) , is a country on the east coast of Africa . Tanzania is bordered by Kenya and Uganda on the north , Rwanda , Burundi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the west , and Zambia , Malawi and Mozambique on the south . eos
is bordered by Kenya and Uganda on the north , Rwanda , Burundi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the west , and Zambia , Malawi and Mozambique on the south . To the east Tanzania borders the Indian Ocean . Tanzania is named after Tanganyika , Tanzania mainland part , and the Zanzibar islands off Tanzania east coast . eos
borders the Indian Ocean . Tanzania is named after Tanganyika , Tanzania mainland part , and the Zanzibar islands off Tanzania east coast . Tanzania has been a member of the Commonwealth since gaining independence in 1961 . eos
is named after Tanganyika , Tanzania mainland part , and the Zanzibar islands off Tanzania east coast . Tanzania has been a member of the Commonwealth since gaining independence in 1961 . In 1964 , Tanganyika united with Zanzibar , forming Tanzania , later renamed to the United Republic of Tanzania . eos
mainland part , and the Zanzibar islands off Tanzania east coast . Tanzania has been a member of the Commonwealth since gaining independence in 1961 . In 1964 , Tanganyika united with Zanzibar , forming Tanzania , later renamed to the United Republic of Tanzania . eos
east coast . Tanzania has been a member of the Commonwealth since gaining independence in 1961 . In 1964 , Tanganyika united with Zanzibar , forming Tanzania , later renamed to the United Republic of Tanzania . eos
has been a member of the Commonwealth since gaining independence in 1961 . In 1964 , Tanganyika united with Zanzibar , forming Tanzania , later renamed to the United Republic of Tanzania . In 1996 , Tanzania capital was officially moved from Dar es Salaam to Dodoma , although many government offices still remain in the old capital . eos
, later renamed to the United Republic of Tanzania . In 1996 , Tanzania capital was officially moved from Dar es Salaam to Dodoma , although many government offices still remain in the old capital . eos
capital was officially moved from Dar es Salaam to Dodoma , although many government offices still remain in the old capital . eos
, officially the Togolese Republic , is a country in West Africa bordering Ghana in the west , Benin in the east and Burkina Faso in the north . In the south , Togo has a short Gulf of Guinea coast , on which the capital Lomé is located . eos
has a short Gulf of Guinea coast , on which the capital Lomé is located . eos
is a non - self - governing colonial territory of New Zealand that comprises a group of three tropical coral atolls in the South Pacific Ocean . Tokelau are occasionally referred to by Westerners by an older colonial name , The Union Islands . Until 1976 , the official name was Tokelau Islands . eos
are occasionally referred to by Westerners by an older colonial name , The Union Islands . Until 1976 , the official name was Tokelau Islands . The United Nations Committee on Decolonization includes Tokelau on the United Nations list of Non - Self - Governing Territories . eos
on the United Nations list of Non - Self - Governing Territories . Tokelau is , according to the CIA World Factbook list of countries by GDP , the poorest country in the world . eos
is , according to the CIA World Factbook list of countries by GDP , the poorest country in the world . eos
, officially the Kingdom of Tonga ( Tongan for ` ` south '' ) , is an independent archipelago in the southern Pacific Ocean . Tonga lies about a third of the way between New Zealand and Hawaii , south of Samoa and east of Fiji . eos
lies about a third of the way between New Zealand and Hawaii , south of Samoa and east of Fiji . Tonga are also known as the Friendly Islands , the name given by Captain Cook because of the friendly reception he received . He happened to arrive at the time of inasi festival , the yearly donation of the first fruits to the Tui Tonga and was invited to the festivities . eos
are also known as the Friendly Islands , the name given by Captain Cook because of the friendly reception he received . He happened to arrive at the time of inasi festival , the yearly donation of the first fruits to the Tui Tonga and was invited to the festivities . According to the writer William Mariner , in reality the chiefs had wanted to kill Cook during the gathering , but had been unable to agree on a plan . eos
is an archipelagic state in the southern Caribbean , lying northeast of the South American nation of Venezuela and south of Grenada in the Lesser Antilles . Trinidad_and_Tobago also shares maritime boundaries with Barbados to the northeast and Guyana to the southeast . Trinidad_and_Tobago covers an area of 5,128 square kilometres ( 1,979 sq mi ) and Trinidad_and_Tobago consists of two main islands , Trinidad and Tobago , and 21 smaller islands . eos
also shares maritime boundaries with Barbados to the northeast and Guyana to the southeast . Trinidad_and_Tobago covers an area of 5,128 square kilometres ( 1,979 sq mi ) and Trinidad_and_Tobago consists of two main islands , Trinidad and Tobago , and 21 smaller islands . Trinidad is the larger and more populous of the main islands ; Tobago is much smaller , comprising about 6 % of the total area and 4 % of the population . eos
covers an area of 5,128 square kilometres ( 1,979 sq mi ) and Trinidad_and_Tobago consists of two main islands , Trinidad and Tobago , and 21 smaller islands . Trinidad is the larger and more populous of the main islands ; Tobago is much smaller , comprising about 6 % of the total area and 4 % of the population . Originally settled by Amerindians of South American origin at least 7,000 years ago , Trinidad_and_Tobago was occupied by Arawakan - and Cariban - speaking peoples at the time of European contact in 1498 . eos
consists of two main islands , Trinidad and Tobago , and 21 smaller islands . Trinidad is the larger and more populous of the main islands ; Tobago is much smaller , comprising about 6 % of the total area and 4 % of the population . Originally settled by Amerindians of South American origin at least 7,000 years ago , Trinidad_and_Tobago was occupied by Arawakan - and Cariban - speaking peoples at the time of European contact in 1498 . eos
was occupied by Arawakan - and Cariban - speaking peoples at the time of European contact in 1498 . A history of slavery and indentureship has left Trinidad_and_Tobago with a mixture of African , Indian , mixed - race , European , Middle Eastern and Chinese people . All these groups have left an imprint on the national culture . eos
with a mixture of African , Indian , mixed - race , European , Middle Eastern and Chinese people . All these groups have left an imprint on the national culture . Trinidad_and_Tobago became independent nation in 1962 and a republic in 1976 . eos
became independent nation in 1962 and a republic in 1976 . Officially Trinidadians or Tobagonians , people from Trinidad_and_Tobago the people are often informally referred to as Trinbagonians or Trinis . eos
the people are often informally referred to as Trinbagonians or Trinis . Unlike most of the English - speaking Caribbean , Trinidad_and_Tobago is a primarily industrialised country Trinidad_and_Tobago economy is based on petroleum and petrochemicals . eos
economy is based on petroleum and petrochemicals . Trinidad_and_Tobago is famous for Trinidad_and_Tobago pre - Lenten Carnival and as the birthplace of steelpan , calypso and limbo . The capital city Port of Spain , is currently a leading candidate ( along with Miami ) to serve as the headquarters of the Permanent Secretariat of the Free Trade Area of the Americas ( FTAA - ALCA ) . eos
is a primarily industrialised country Trinidad_and_Tobago economy is based on petroleum and petrochemicals . Trinidad_and_Tobago is famous for Trinidad_and_Tobago pre - Lenten Carnival and as the birthplace of steelpan , calypso and limbo . The capital city Port of Spain , is currently a leading candidate ( along with Miami ) to serve as the headquarters of the Permanent Secretariat of the Free Trade Area of the Americas ( FTAA - ALCA ) . eos
is famous for Trinidad_and_Tobago pre - Lenten Carnival and as the birthplace of steelpan , calypso and limbo . The capital city Port of Spain , is currently a leading candidate ( along with Miami ) to serve as the headquarters of the Permanent Secretariat of the Free Trade Area of the Americas ( FTAA - ALCA ) . eos
pre - Lenten Carnival and as the birthplace of steelpan , calypso and limbo . The capital city Port of Spain , is currently a leading candidate ( along with Miami ) to serve as the headquarters of the Permanent Secretariat of the Free Trade Area of the Americas ( FTAA - ALCA ) . eos
is a group of remote islands in the south Atlantic Ocean , 2816 km ( 1750 miles ) from South Africa and 3360 km ( 2088 miles ) from South America . Tristan_da_Cunha is a dependency of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena , 2161 km ( 1350 miles ) to the north . Tristan_da_Cunha consists of the main island , Tristan da Cunha ( 98 km ² ) , as well as several uninhabited islands : Inaccessible Island and the Nightingale Islands . eos
is a dependency of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena , 2161 km ( 1350 miles ) to the north . Tristan_da_Cunha consists of the main island , Tristan da Cunha ( 98 km ² ) , as well as several uninhabited islands : Inaccessible Island and the Nightingale Islands . Gough Island , situated 395 km south east of the main island , is also part of Tristan_da_Cunha . eos
consists of the main island , Tristan da Cunha ( 98 km ² ) , as well as several uninhabited islands : Inaccessible Island and the Nightingale Islands . Gough Island , situated 395 km south east of the main island , is also part of Tristan_da_Cunha . Tristan_da_Cunha is considered one of the most remote human settlements in the world . eos
. Tristan_da_Cunha is considered one of the most remote human settlements in the world . eos
is considered one of the most remote human settlements in the world . eos
( Arabic : تونس , Berber : ) , officially the Tunisian Republic ( الجمهورية التونسية ) , is a country situated on the Mediterranean coast of North Africa . Tunisia is the northernmost African country and the smallest of the nations situated along the Atlas mountain range , bordering Algeria , to the west , and Libya to the south east . eos
is the northernmost African country and the smallest of the nations situated along the Atlas mountain range , bordering Algeria , to the west , and Libya to the south east . Around forty percent of Tunisia is composed of the Sahara desert , with much of the remainder consisting of particularly fertile soil , and a 1300-km coastline . Both played a prominent role in ancient times , first with the famous Phoenician city of Carthage , and later , as the Africa Province , which became known as the bread basket of the Roman Empire . eos
is composed of the Sahara desert , with much of the remainder consisting of particularly fertile soil , and a 1300-km coastline . Both played a prominent role in ancient times , first with the famous Phoenician city of Carthage , and later , as the Africa Province , which became known as the bread basket of the Roman Empire . It is thought that the name Tunis ( Arabic for both the nation and capital city ) originated from Berber , meaning either a geographical promontory , or , ` ` to spend the night . '' eos
( Turkish : Türkiye ) , officially the Republic of Turkey ( Türkiye Cumhuriyeti ) , is a Eurasian country that stretches across the Anatolian peninsula in Southwestern Asia and the Balkan region of Southeastern Europe . Turkey borders eight countries : Bulgaria to the northwest ; eos
borders eight countries : Bulgaria to the northwest ; Greece to the west ; Georgia to the northeast ; Armenia , Iran and the Nakhichevan exclave of Azerbaijan to the east ; and Iraq and Syria to southeast asia . In addition , Turkey borders the Black Sea to the north ; the Aegean Sea and the Sea of Marmara to the west ; and the Mediterranean Sea to the south . eos
borders the Black Sea to the north ; the Aegean Sea and the Sea of Marmara to the west ; and the Mediterranean Sea to the south . Turkey is a democratic , secular , constitutional republic Turkey political system was established in 1923 after the fall of the Ottoman Empire under the leadership of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk . Turkey is a founding member of the United Nations , the OIC , the OECD and the OSCE , a member state of the Council of Europe since 1949 and of the NATO since 1952 , and Turkey is currently in accession negotiations with the European Union , being an associate member since 1964 . . eos
is a democratic , secular , constitutional republic Turkey political system was established in 1923 after the fall of the Ottoman Empire under the leadership of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk . Turkey is a founding member of the United Nations , the OIC , the OECD and the OSCE , a member state of the Council of Europe since 1949 and of the NATO since 1952 , and Turkey is currently in accession negotiations with the European Union , being an associate member since 1964 . . Due to Turkey strategic location straddling Europe and Asia , Turkey has been a historical crossroad between eastern and western cultures . eos
political system was established in 1923 after the fall of the Ottoman Empire under the leadership of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk . Turkey is a founding member of the United Nations , the OIC , the OECD and the OSCE , a member state of the Council of Europe since 1949 and of the NATO since 1952 , and Turkey is currently in accession negotiations with the European Union , being an associate member since 1964 . . Due to Turkey strategic location straddling Europe and Asia , Turkey has been a historical crossroad between eastern and western cultures . eos
is a founding member of the United Nations , the OIC , the OECD and the OSCE , a member state of the Council of Europe since 1949 and of the NATO since 1952 , and Turkey is currently in accession negotiations with the European Union , being an associate member since 1964 . . Due to Turkey strategic location straddling Europe and Asia , Turkey has been a historical crossroad between eastern and western cultures . eos
is currently in accession negotiations with the European Union , being an associate member since 1964 . . Due to Turkey strategic location straddling Europe and Asia , Turkey has been a historical crossroad between eastern and western cultures . eos
strategic location straddling Europe and Asia , Turkey has been a historical crossroad between eastern and western cultures . eos
has been a historical crossroad between eastern and western cultures . eos
( also known as Turkmenia ) is a country in Central Asia . The name Turkmenistan is derived from Persian , meaning ` ` land of the Turkmen '' . Before 1991 , Turkmenistan was a constituent republic of the Soviet Union , called the Turkmen Soviet Socialist Republic . eos
was a constituent republic of the Soviet Union , called the Turkmen Soviet Socialist Republic . Turkmenistan is bordered by Afghanistan to the southeast , Iran to the southwest , Uzbekistan to the northeast , Kazakhstan to the northwest , and the Caspian Sea to the west . Although Turkmenistan is wealthy in natural resources in certain areas , most of Turkmenistan is covered by the Karakum ( Black Sands ) Desert . eos
is bordered by Afghanistan to the southeast , Iran to the southwest , Uzbekistan to the northeast , Kazakhstan to the northwest , and the Caspian Sea to the west . Although Turkmenistan is wealthy in natural resources in certain areas , most of Turkmenistan is covered by the Karakum ( Black Sands ) Desert . Turkmenistan has a single - party system ruled by President for Life Saparmurat Niyazov . eos
is wealthy in natural resources in certain areas , most of Turkmenistan is covered by the Karakum ( Black Sands ) Desert . Turkmenistan has a single - party system ruled by President for Life Saparmurat Niyazov . eos
is covered by the Karakum ( Black Sands ) Desert . Turkmenistan has a single - party system ruled by President for Life Saparmurat Niyazov . eos
has a single - party system ruled by President for Life Saparmurat Niyazov . eos
( TCI ) are a British Overseas Territory consisting of two groups of tropical islands in the Caribbean . eos
, formerly known as the Ellice Islands , is a Polynesian island nation located in the Pacific Ocean midway between Hawaii and Australia . Tuvalu nearest neighbours are Kiribati , Samoa and Fiji . Comprising 4 reef islands and 5 true atolls , with a total land area of just 26 square kilometers ( 10 sq mi ) , Tuvalu is the second - least populated independent country in the world , Vatican City being the smallest . eos
nearest neighbours are Kiribati , Samoa and Fiji . Comprising 4 reef islands and 5 true atolls , with a total land area of just 26 square kilometers ( 10 sq mi ) , Tuvalu is the second - least populated independent country in the world , Vatican City being the smallest . Tuvalu is the smallest member by population of the United Nations . eos
is the second - least populated independent country in the world , Vatican City being the smallest . Tuvalu is the smallest member by population of the United Nations . The first inhabitants of Tuvalu were Polynesian people . eos
is the smallest member by population of the United Nations . The first inhabitants of Tuvalu were Polynesian people . Tuvalu came under Britain 's sphere of influence in the late 19th century . eos
were Polynesian people . Tuvalu came under Britain 's sphere of influence in the late 19th century . Tuvalu were administered by Britain as part of a protectorate from 1892 to 1916 and as part of the Gilbert and Ellice Islands Colony from 1916 to 1974 . eos
came under Britain 's sphere of influence in the late 19th century . Tuvalu were administered by Britain as part of a protectorate from 1892 to 1916 and as part of the Gilbert and Ellice Islands Colony from 1916 to 1974 . In 1974 the Ellice Islanders voted for separate British dependency status as Tuvalu , separating from the Gilbert Islands which became Kiribati upon independence . eos
were administered by Britain as part of a protectorate from 1892 to 1916 and as part of the Gilbert and Ellice Islands Colony from 1916 to 1974 . In 1974 the Ellice Islanders voted for separate British dependency status as Tuvalu , separating from the Gilbert Islands which became Kiribati upon independence . Tuvalu became fully independent in 1978 . eos
became fully independent in 1978 . Due to their low elevation , the islands that make up Tuvalu are threatened by any future sea level rise . The population may evacuate during the next decades to New Zealand , Niue or the Fijian island of Kioa . eos
are threatened by any future sea level rise . The population may evacuate during the next decades to New Zealand , Niue or the Fijian island of Kioa . eos
, officially the Republic of Uganda , is a country in East Africa , bordered on the east by Kenya , the north by Sudan , on the west by the Democratic Republic of Congo , on the southwest by Rwanda , and on the south by Tanzania . The southern part of Uganda includes a substantial portion of Lake Victoria , within which Uganda shares borders with Kenya and Tanzania . Uganda takes Uganda name from the Buganda kingdom , which encompasses a portion of the south of Uganda including the capital Kampala . eos
includes a substantial portion of Lake Victoria , within which Uganda shares borders with Kenya and Tanzania . Uganda takes Uganda name from the Buganda kingdom , which encompasses a portion of the south of Uganda including the capital Kampala . eos
shares borders with Kenya and Tanzania . Uganda takes Uganda name from the Buganda kingdom , which encompasses a portion of the south of Uganda including the capital Kampala . eos
takes Uganda name from the Buganda kingdom , which encompasses a portion of the south of Uganda including the capital Kampala . eos
name from the Buganda kingdom , which encompasses a portion of the south of Uganda including the capital Kampala . eos
including the capital Kampala . eos
( also the UAE or the Emirates ) is a Middle Eastern country situated in the southeast of the Arabian Peninsula in Southwest Asia on the Persian Gulf , comprising seven emirates : Abu Dhabi , Ajmān , Dubai , Fujairah , Ras al - Khaimah , Sharjah , and Umm al - Quwain . Before 1971 , United_Arab_Emirates were known as the Trucial States or Trucial Oman , in reference of a nineteenth - century truce between Britain and several Arab Sheikhs . United_Arab_Emirates borders Oman and Saudi Arabia . eos
were known as the Trucial States or Trucial Oman , in reference of a nineteenth - century truce between Britain and several Arab Sheikhs . United_Arab_Emirates borders Oman and Saudi Arabia . United_Arab_Emirates is rich in oil . eos
borders Oman and Saudi Arabia . United_Arab_Emirates is rich in oil . eos
is rich in oil . eos
, also known as the United States , the US , the USA , the US of A , The States and America , is a country in North America United_States extends from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean and United_States shares land borders with Canada and Mexico . United_States is a federal republic , with United_States capital in Washington , DC At over 3.7 million square miles ( over 9.5 million km ² ) , United_States ( including United_States non - contiguous and overseas states and territories ) is the third or fourth largest country by total area , depending on whether China 's figures include its disputed areas . eos
extends from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean and United_States shares land borders with Canada and Mexico . United_States is a federal republic , with United_States capital in Washington , DC At over 3.7 million square miles ( over 9.5 million km ² ) , United_States ( including United_States non - contiguous and overseas states and territories ) is the third or fourth largest country by total area , depending on whether China 's figures include its disputed areas . eos
shares land borders with Canada and Mexico . United_States is a federal republic , with United_States capital in Washington , DC At over 3.7 million square miles ( over 9.5 million km ² ) , United_States ( including United_States non - contiguous and overseas states and territories ) is the third or fourth largest country by total area , depending on whether China 's figures include its disputed areas . eos
is a federal republic , with United_States capital in Washington , DC At over 3.7 million square miles ( over 9.5 million km ² ) , United_States ( including United_States non - contiguous and overseas states and territories ) is the third or fourth largest country by total area , depending on whether China 's figures include its disputed areas . United_States is the world 's third most populous nation , with over 300 million people . eos
capital in Washington , DC At over 3.7 million square miles ( over 9.5 million km ² ) , United_States ( including United_States non - contiguous and overseas states and territories ) is the third or fourth largest country by total area , depending on whether China 's figures include its disputed areas . United_States is the world 's third most populous nation , with over 300 million people . eos
( including United_States non - contiguous and overseas states and territories ) is the third or fourth largest country by total area , depending on whether China 's figures include its disputed areas . United_States is the world 's third most populous nation , with over 300 million people . The present day continental United States has been inhabited for at least 15,000 years by indigenous tribes . eos
non - contiguous and overseas states and territories ) is the third or fourth largest country by total area , depending on whether China 's figures include its disputed areas . United_States is the world 's third most populous nation , with over 300 million people . The present day continental United States has been inhabited for at least 15,000 years by indigenous tribes . eos
is the world 's third most populous nation , with over 300 million people . The present day continental United States has been inhabited for at least 15,000 years by indigenous tribes . In the 16th century European exploration and settlement began , led by the English , French and Spanish . eos
was founded . American military , economic , cultural , and political influence increased through the 19th and 20th centuries . With the collapse of the Soviet Union at the end of the Cold War , United_States emerged as the world 's sole remaining superpower , and today , United_States plays a major role in world affairs . eos
emerged as the world 's sole remaining superpower , and today , United_States plays a major role in world affairs . eos
plays a major role in world affairs . eos
are a group of islands in the Caribbean United_States_Virgin_Islands are an insular area of the United States . United_States_Virgin_Islands are geographically part of the Virgin Islands and United_States_Virgin_Islands are located in the Leeward Islands of the Lesser Antilles . United_States_Virgin_Islands consist of the four main islands of St. Thomas , St. John , St. Croix , and Water Island , and many smaller islands . eos
are an insular area of the United States . United_States_Virgin_Islands are geographically part of the Virgin Islands and United_States_Virgin_Islands are located in the Leeward Islands of the Lesser Antilles . United_States_Virgin_Islands consist of the four main islands of St. Thomas , St. John , St. Croix , and Water Island , and many smaller islands . eos
are geographically part of the Virgin Islands and United_States_Virgin_Islands are located in the Leeward Islands of the Lesser Antilles . United_States_Virgin_Islands consist of the four main islands of St. Thomas , St. John , St. Croix , and Water Island , and many smaller islands . United_States_Virgin_Islands is the only part of the United States where traffic drives on the left . eos
are located in the Leeward Islands of the Lesser Antilles . United_States_Virgin_Islands consist of the four main islands of St. Thomas , St. John , St. Croix , and Water Island , and many smaller islands . United_States_Virgin_Islands is the only part of the United States where traffic drives on the left . eos
consist of the four main islands of St. Thomas , St. John , St. Croix , and Water Island , and many smaller islands . United_States_Virgin_Islands is the only part of the United States where traffic drives on the left . The total land area of United_States_Virgin_Islands is 346.36 km ² ( 133.73 sq mi ) . eos
is the only part of the United States where traffic drives on the left . The total land area of United_States_Virgin_Islands is 346.36 km ² ( 133.73 sq mi ) . As of the 2000 census the population was 108,612 . eos
is 346.36 km ² ( 133.73 sq mi ) . As of the 2000 census the population was 108,612 . In Denmark , United_States_Virgin_Islands are also referred to as The Former Danish West Indian Islands ( De tidligere Dansk Vestindiske Øer ) . eos
are also referred to as The Former Danish West Indian Islands ( De tidligere Dansk Vestindiske Øer ) . eos
, officially the Eastern Republic of Uruguay or the Republic East of the Uruguay ( River ) ( "" Spanish : República Oriental del Uruguay "" ; pron . IPA "" IPA : eos
is bordered by Brazil to the north , the Uruguay River to the west , the estuary of the Río de la Plata ( literally ` ` River of Silver '' , but commonly known in English as ` ` River Plate '' ) to the southwest , with Argentina on the other bank of both , and finally the South Atlantic Ocean to the southeast . About half of Uruguay people live in the capital and largest city , Montevideo . Uruguay is the second smallest independent country in South America , larger only than Suriname ( Uruguay is also larger than French Guiana , which is not independent ) , and Uruguay is the most politically and economically stable . eos
people live in the capital and largest city , Montevideo . Uruguay is the second smallest independent country in South America , larger only than Suriname ( Uruguay is also larger than French Guiana , which is not independent ) , and Uruguay is the most politically and economically stable . Uruguay was once dominated by Brazil and Portugal . eos
is the second smallest independent country in South America , larger only than Suriname ( Uruguay is also larger than French Guiana , which is not independent ) , and Uruguay is the most politically and economically stable . Uruguay was once dominated by Brazil and Portugal . On august 25 , 1825 , José Gervasio Artigas , led the fight for independence and that is now the national holiday . eos
is also larger than French Guiana , which is not independent ) , and Uruguay is the most politically and economically stable . Uruguay was once dominated by Brazil and Portugal . On august 25 , 1825 , José Gervasio Artigas , led the fight for independence and that is now the national holiday . eos
is the most politically and economically stable . Uruguay was once dominated by Brazil and Portugal . On august 25 , 1825 , José Gervasio Artigas , led the fight for independence and that is now the national holiday . eos
was once dominated by Brazil and Portugal . On august 25 , 1825 , José Gervasio Artigas , led the fight for independence and that is now the national holiday . eos
, formally the State of the Vatican City ( Latin : Status Civitatis Vaticanae ; Italian : Stato della Città del Vaticano ) is a landlocked sovereign city - state Vatican_City territory consists of a walled enclave within the city of Rome . eos
territory consists of a walled enclave within the city of Rome . At approximately 44 hectares ( 108.7 acres ) , Vatican_City is the smallest independent nation in the world . See microstates . eos
is the smallest independent nation in the world . See microstates . Vatican_City was created in 1929 by the Lateran Treaty as a vestige of the much larger former Papal States ( AD 756 to 1870 ) . eos
was created in 1929 by the Lateran Treaty as a vestige of the much larger former Papal States ( AD 756 to 1870 ) . Although governed by the Bishop of Rome ( the Pope ) , Vatican_City is officially a monarchy . The highest state functionaries are all clergymen of the Catholic Church . eos
is officially a monarchy . The highest state functionaries are all clergymen of the Catholic Church . Vatican_City is the sovereign territory of the Holy See eos
is the sovereign territory of the Holy See ( Latin : Sancta Sedes ) and the location of the Apostolic Palace - the Pope 's official residence - and the Roman Curia . Thus , although the principal ecclesiastical seat of the Holy See ( the Basilica of St. John Lateran ) is located outside of Vatican_City walls , in Rome , Vatican_City can be said to be the governmental capital of the Catholic Church . eos
walls , in Rome , Vatican_City can be said to be the governmental capital of the Catholic Church . eos
can be said to be the governmental capital of the Catholic Church . eos
( "" Vietnamese : Việt Nam "" ) , officially the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is a nation in Southeast Asia . Vietnam borders the People 's Republic of China to the north , Laos to the northwest and Cambodia to the southwest . eos
borders the People 's Republic of China to the north , Laos to the northwest and Cambodia to the southwest . To Vietnam east lies the South China Sea . With a population of approximately 84 million , Vietnam is one of the most densely populated nations in Southeast Asia . eos
east lies the South China Sea . With a population of approximately 84 million , Vietnam is one of the most densely populated nations in Southeast Asia . The name of Vietnam comes from the Vietnamese "" Vietnamese : Việt Nam "" , which means the land of the Viet people in the South ( Nam ) . eos
is one of the most densely populated nations in Southeast Asia . The name of Vietnam comes from the Vietnamese "" Vietnamese : Việt Nam "" , which means the land of the Viet people in the South ( Nam ) . eos
comes from the Vietnamese "" Vietnamese : Việt Nam "" , which means the land of the Viet people in the South ( Nam ) . eos
( Arabic : الصحراء الغربية ; transliterated : al - Ṣaḥrā ' al - Gharbīyah ; Spanish : Sahara Occidental ) is one of the most sparsely populated territories in the world , mainly consisting of desert flatlands . Western_Sahara is a territory of northwestern Africa , bordered by Morocco to the north , Algeria in the northeast , Mauritania to the east and south , and the Atlantic Ocean on the west . The largest city is El Aaiún ( Laâyoune ) , which is home to a majority of the population of Western_Sahara . eos
is a territory of northwestern Africa , bordered by Morocco to the north , Algeria in the northeast , Mauritania to the east and south , and the Atlantic Ocean on the west . The largest city is El Aaiún ( Laâyoune ) , which is home to a majority of the population of Western_Sahara . Western_Sahara has been on the United Nations list of Non - Self - Governing Territories since the 60s when Western_Sahara was a Spanish colony . eos
. Western_Sahara has been on the United Nations list of Non - Self - Governing Territories since the 60s when Western_Sahara was a Spanish colony . The Kingdom of Morocco and the Polisario Front 's Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic ( SADR ) dispute control of Western_Sahara . eos
has been on the United Nations list of Non - Self - Governing Territories since the 60s when Western_Sahara was a Spanish colony . The Kingdom of Morocco and the Polisario Front 's Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic ( SADR ) dispute control of Western_Sahara . Since a United Nations - sponsored cease - fire agreement in 1991 , most of Western_Sahara has been administered by Morocco , the remainder by the SADR as the Free Zone . eos
was a Spanish colony . The Kingdom of Morocco and the Polisario Front 's Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic ( SADR ) dispute control of Western_Sahara . Since a United Nations - sponsored cease - fire agreement in 1991 , most of Western_Sahara has been administered by Morocco , the remainder by the SADR as the Free Zone . eos
. Since a United Nations - sponsored cease - fire agreement in 1991 , most of Western_Sahara has been administered by Morocco , the remainder by the SADR as the Free Zone . The SADR is recognized by 43 states , and a full member of the African Union . eos
has been administered by Morocco , the remainder by the SADR as the Free Zone . The SADR is recognized by 43 states , and a full member of the African Union . Moroccan territorial integrity has been supported by members of the Arab League , and by 25 states . eos
, officially the Republic of Yemen ( Arabic : الجمهورية اليمنية ) , is a Middle Eastern country located on the Arabian Peninsula in Southwest Asia . Yemen is composed of former North and South Yemen . eos
is composed of former North and South Yemen . Yemen borders the Arabian Sea and Gulf of Aden on the south , the Red Sea on the west , Oman to the northeast and the rest of Yemen borders Saudi Arabia . Yemen territory includes the remote island of Socotra , about 350 kilometres ( 217 mi ) to the south off the coast of East Africa . eos
borders the Arabian Sea and Gulf of Aden on the south , the Red Sea on the west , Oman to the northeast and the rest of Yemen borders Saudi Arabia . Yemen territory includes the remote island of Socotra , about 350 kilometres ( 217 mi ) to the south off the coast of East Africa . eos
borders Saudi Arabia . Yemen territory includes the remote island of Socotra , about 350 kilometres ( 217 mi ) to the south off the coast of East Africa . eos
territory includes the remote island of Socotra , about 350 kilometres ( 217 mi ) to the south off the coast of East Africa . eos
, officially the Republic of Zambia , is a landlocked country in southern Africa . Zambia borders the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north , Tanzania on the north - east , Malawi on the east , Mozambique , Zimbabwe , Botswana , and Namibia to the south , and Angola on the west . eos
borders the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north , Tanzania on the north - east , Malawi on the east , Mozambique , Zimbabwe , Botswana , and Namibia to the south , and Angola on the west . Formerly Northern Rhodesia , Zambia is named after the Zambezi river . eos
is named after the Zambezi river . eos
( IPA : "" IPA : "" zɪmˈbɑbwe "" "" ) , officially the Republic of Zimbabwe , and formerly known as the Republic of Rhodesia , is a landlocked country in the southern part of the continent of Africa , between the Zambezi and Limpopo rivers . Zimbabwe borders South Africa to the south , eos
borders South Africa to the south , Botswana to the west , Zambia to the northwest , and Mozambique to the east . The name Zimbabwe derives from '' eos
name is a tribute to Great Zimbabwe , site of the capital of the Munhumutapa Empire . eos
is the highest peak in the Abajo Mountains of southeast Utah and Abajo_Peak is located near Monticello , Utah in the Manti - La Sal National Forest on the Colorado border . eos
is located near Monticello , Utah in the Manti - La Sal National Forest on the Colorado border . eos
is the highest mountain in the Americas , and the highest mountain outside Asia . Aconcagua is located in the Andes mountain range , in the Argentine province of Mendoza . The summit is located about 5 kilometres from San Juan Province and 15 kilometres from the international border with Chile . eos
is located in the Andes mountain range , in the Argentine province of Mendoza . The summit is located about 5 kilometres from San Juan Province and 15 kilometres from the international border with Chile . It lies 112 km ( 70 mi ) west by north of the city of Mendoza . eos
is the highest peak in both the Western and Southern Hemispheres . Aconcagua is one of the Seven Summits . Aconcagua is bounded by the Valle de las Vacas to the north and east and the Valle de los eos
is one of the Seven Summits . Aconcagua is bounded by the Valle de las Vacas to the north and east and the Valle de los Horcones Inferior to the West and South . eos
is bounded by the Valle de las Vacas to the north and east and the Valle de los Horcones Inferior to the West and South . Aconcagua and Aconcagua surroundings are part of the Aconcagua Provincial Park . eos
and Aconcagua surroundings are part of the Aconcagua Provincial Park . Aconcagua has a number of glaciers . The most substantial are the north - eastern or Polish Glacier and the eastern or English Glacier . eos
surroundings are part of the Aconcagua Provincial Park . Aconcagua has a number of glaciers . The most substantial are the north - eastern or Polish Glacier and the eastern or English Glacier . eos
has a number of glaciers . The most substantial are the north - eastern or Polish Glacier and the eastern or English Glacier . Aconcagua was created by the subduction of the Nazca Plate beneath the South American plate during the geologically recent Andean orogeny ; however , Aconcagua is not a volcano . eos
is not a volcano . The origin of the name is contested , it is either from the Arauca Aconca - Hue , which refers to the Aconcagua River and means ` comes from the other side ' or the Quechua Ackon Cahuak , meaning ` Sentinel of Stone ' . eos
was created by the subduction of the Nazca Plate beneath the South American plate during the geologically recent Andean orogeny ; however , Aconcagua is not a volcano . The origin of the name is contested , it is either from the Arauca Aconca - Hue , which refers to the Aconcagua River and means ` comes from the other side ' or the Quechua Ackon Cahuak , meaning ` Sentinel of Stone ' . eos
( el . 6,052 m/19 , 856 ft . ) is the middle and highest of a group of stratovolcanoes straddling the border of Bolivia and Chile . The group is known as Nevados de Quimsachata and also contains the peaks of Humarata and Cerro Capurata . eos
is heavily eroded , but a lava flow on Acotango northern flank is morphologically young , suggesting Acotango had been active in the Holocene . eos
northern flank is morphologically young , suggesting Acotango had been active in the Holocene . eos
had been active in the Holocene . eos
is a mountain spear ( ` aguja ' ) located near the Cerro Chaltén in the Los Glaciares National Park in Patagonia , Argentina . Aguja_Saint_Exupery is named in memory of Antoine de Saint Exupéry , the French writer and aviator who was director of the Aeroposta Argentina Company and pioneered postal flights in the Patagonia region between 1929 and 1931 . Aguja_Saint_Exupery might not be as impressive as Aguja_Saint_Exupery taller neighbors Cerro Chaltén and the striking Cerro Torre , but due to the length of Aguja_Saint_Exupery climbing routes and the extreme weather conditions of the southern Andes , Aguja_Saint_Exupery shares the same big wall reputation as most Patagonian peaks . eos
is named in memory of Antoine de Saint Exupéry , the French writer and aviator who was director of the Aeroposta Argentina Company and pioneered postal flights in the Patagonia region between 1929 and 1931 . Aguja_Saint_Exupery might not be as impressive as Aguja_Saint_Exupery taller neighbors Cerro Chaltén and the striking Cerro Torre , but due to the length of Aguja_Saint_Exupery climbing routes and the extreme weather conditions of the southern Andes , Aguja_Saint_Exupery shares the same big wall reputation as most Patagonian peaks . Aguja_Saint_Exupery was first climbed in february 23 , 1968 by Silvia Metzeltin , Gino Buscaini , Lino Condot , Walter Romano & amp ; Silvano Sinigo , an Italian team of climbers who opened a route on Aguja_Saint_Exupery East Pillar . eos
might not be as impressive as Aguja_Saint_Exupery taller neighbors Cerro Chaltén and the striking Cerro Torre , but due to the length of Aguja_Saint_Exupery climbing routes and the extreme weather conditions of the southern Andes , Aguja_Saint_Exupery shares the same big wall reputation as most Patagonian peaks . Aguja_Saint_Exupery was first climbed in february 23 , 1968 by Silvia Metzeltin , Gino Buscaini , Lino Condot , Walter Romano & amp ; Silvano Sinigo , an Italian team of climbers who opened a route on Aguja_Saint_Exupery East Pillar . eos
taller neighbors Cerro Chaltén and the striking Cerro Torre , but due to the length of Aguja_Saint_Exupery climbing routes and the extreme weather conditions of the southern Andes , Aguja_Saint_Exupery shares the same big wall reputation as most Patagonian peaks . Aguja_Saint_Exupery was first climbed in february 23 , 1968 by Silvia Metzeltin , Gino Buscaini , Lino Condot , Walter Romano & amp ; Silvano Sinigo , an Italian team of climbers who opened a route on Aguja_Saint_Exupery East Pillar . eos
climbing routes and the extreme weather conditions of the southern Andes , Aguja_Saint_Exupery shares the same big wall reputation as most Patagonian peaks . Aguja_Saint_Exupery was first climbed in february 23 , 1968 by Silvia Metzeltin , Gino Buscaini , Lino Condot , Walter Romano & amp ; Silvano Sinigo , an Italian team of climbers who opened a route on Aguja_Saint_Exupery East Pillar . eos
shares the same big wall reputation as most Patagonian peaks . Aguja_Saint_Exupery was first climbed in february 23 , 1968 by Silvia Metzeltin , Gino Buscaini , Lino Condot , Walter Romano & amp ; Silvano Sinigo , an Italian team of climbers who opened a route on Aguja_Saint_Exupery East Pillar . eos
was first climbed in february 23 , 1968 by Silvia Metzeltin , Gino Buscaini , Lino Condot , Walter Romano & amp ; Silvano Sinigo , an Italian team of climbers who opened a route on Aguja_Saint_Exupery East Pillar . eos
East Pillar . eos
( 4,112 m ) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif in Italy . There are three tops to Aiguille_Blanche_de_Peuterey : * Pointe Güssfeldt ( 4,112 m ) eos
: * Pointe Güssfeldt ( 4,112 m ) * Pointe Seymour King ( 4,107 m ) eos
neighbour - the Aiguille Noire de Peuterey ( 3,773 m ) - Aiguille_Blanche_de_Peuterey forms part of the Peuterey ridge ( Intégrale ) , one of the three great ridges ( the others being the Innominata and Brouillard ridges ) to the summit of Mont Blanc . This was first climbed via a couloir on the Brenva face by Paul Güssfeldt with Emile Rey , Christian Klucker and César Ollier on 15 - 19 august 1893 . eos
forms part of the Peuterey ridge ( Intégrale ) , one of the three great ridges ( the others being the Innominata and Brouillard ridges ) to the summit of Mont Blanc . This was first climbed via a couloir on the Brenva face by Paul Güssfeldt with Emile Rey , Christian Klucker and César Ollier on 15 - 19 august 1893 . eos
( 4,122 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc Massif in the French Alps . Aiguille_Verte was first climbed on 29 june 1865 by Edward Whymper , Christian Almer and Franz Biner , a fortnight before the fateful first ascent of the Matterhorn . Whymper was unable to climb with his usual guide , Michel Croz , who had to wait for a client in Chamonix . eos
was first climbed on 29 june 1865 by Edward Whymper , Christian Almer and Franz Biner , a fortnight before the fateful first ascent of the Matterhorn . Whymper was unable to climb with his usual guide , Michel Croz , who had to wait for a client in Chamonix . As a result , Whymper hired the services of Christian Almer , who had been with Alfred Wills on the Wetterhorn in 1854 . eos
( 3,901 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif on the border between France and Switzerland . The first ascent of Aiguille_dArgentiere was by a British party comprising Edward Whymper and A. Reilly with guides Michel Croz , M. Payot , H. Charlet on 15 july 1864 . eos
was by a British party comprising Edward Whymper and A. Reilly with guides Michel Croz , M. Payot , H. Charlet on 15 july 1864 . The route they took was via the west flank and the north - west ridge . eos
( 3,954 m ) is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins in the French Alps , and Ailefroide is the third highest peak in the Dauphiné Alps after the Barre des Écrins and La Meije . Ailefroide lies at the south - western end of the Mont Pelvoux - Pic Sans Nom - Ailefroide ridge . There are three main summits on Ailefroide : eos
is the third highest peak in the Dauphiné Alps after the Barre des Écrins and La Meije . Ailefroide lies at the south - western end of the Mont Pelvoux - Pic Sans Nom - Ailefroide ridge . There are three main summits on Ailefroide : eos
lies at the south - western end of the Mont Pelvoux - Pic Sans Nom - Ailefroide ridge . There are three main summits on Ailefroide : * L'Ailefroide Occidentale ( 3,954 m ) : first ascent by W A B Coolidge with guides Christian Almer and Ulrich Almer on 7 july 1870 eos
: * L'Ailefroide Occidentale ( 3,954 m ) : first ascent by W A B Coolidge with guides Christian Almer and Ulrich Almer on 7 july 1870 * eos
, also transliterated as Alam Kooh ( Persian : علم کوه ) is a mountain in the Alborz mountains range in the north of Iran between Tehran and the Caspian sea , forming a peak of the Takht - e Suleyman Massif . At 4,850 m high , Alam_Kuh is the second highest peak in Iran , only to Mount Damavand at 5,671 m The 800 m high steep granite north face provides some of the most difficult and interesting mountaineering routes in the country and the climbs rank alongside major climbing routes in the European Alps . eos
is the second highest peak in Iran , only to Mount Damavand at 5,671 m The 800 m high steep granite north face provides some of the most difficult and interesting mountaineering routes in the country and the climbs rank alongside major climbing routes in the European Alps . In addition to local climbers , the north face attracts European climbing teams , the first known ascent being by a German party Gorter / Steinauer in 1936 up the north west ridge . eos
was closed to the climbers for some months because the hazard of rockfall and loose cables . The mountain range supports permanent snow and glaciers and although the southern slopes of the range tend to be dry and barren the northern valleys leading to the Caspian Sea ( which offer the best approaches to the mountains ) are wet and lush with vegetation . eos
( "" Spanish : Nevado Alpamayo "" ) is one of the most conspicuous peaks in the Cordillera Blanca mountain range of the Peruvian Andes . Alpamayo is a steep ( sixty degrees ) , almost perfect pyramid of ice , one of a number of peaks that compose the Santa Cruz massif , the northernmost massif of the Cordillera Blanca . Although smaller than many of Alpamayo neighboring peaks , Alpamayo is distinguished by Alpamayo unusual formation and overwhelming beauty . eos
is a steep ( sixty degrees ) , almost perfect pyramid of ice , one of a number of peaks that compose the Santa Cruz massif , the northernmost massif of the Cordillera Blanca . Although smaller than many of Alpamayo neighboring peaks , Alpamayo is distinguished by Alpamayo unusual formation and overwhelming beauty . Alpamayo actually has two sharp summits , North and South , separated by a narrow corniced ridge . eos
neighboring peaks , Alpamayo is distinguished by Alpamayo unusual formation and overwhelming beauty . Alpamayo actually has two sharp summits , North and South , separated by a narrow corniced ridge . Alpamayo name comes from Quechua Allpa eos
is distinguished by Alpamayo unusual formation and overwhelming beauty . Alpamayo actually has two sharp summits , North and South , separated by a narrow corniced ridge . Alpamayo name comes from Quechua Allpa eos
unusual formation and overwhelming beauty . Alpamayo actually has two sharp summits , North and South , separated by a narrow corniced ridge . Alpamayo name comes from Quechua Allpa eos
actually has two sharp summits , North and South , separated by a narrow corniced ridge . Alpamayo name comes from Quechua Allpa = earth Mayu = river : muddy river . eos
name comes from Quechua Allpa = earth Mayu = river : muddy river . In 1966 , Alpamayo was declared ` ` the most beautiful mountain in the world '' by UNESCO . eos
was declared ` ` the most beautiful mountain in the world '' by UNESCO . eos
( 4,206 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . The first ascent of Alphubel was by Leslie Stephen and T W. Hinchliff with guides Melchior Anderegg and Peter Perren on 9 august 1860 , starting at Täsch and via the south - east ridge and the Alphubeljoch . eos
was by Leslie Stephen and T W. Hinchliff with guides Melchior Anderegg and Peter Perren on 9 august 1860 , starting at Täsch and via the south - east ridge and the Alphubeljoch . eos
is a mountain in the Himalaya range of eastern Nepal . The main peak is 6,812 metres ( 22,349 feet ) , the lower western peak is 5,563 metres ( 18,251 ft ) . Ama Dablam means ` ` Mother and Pearl Necklace '' ( the perennial hanging glacier is thought of as the pearl ) and Ama_Dablam is a stunningly beautiful mountain Ama_Dablam many people who visit the area will consider the best in the region . eos
is a stunningly beautiful mountain Ama_Dablam many people who visit the area will consider the best in the region . For several days , Ama_Dablam will dominate the eastern sky for anyone trekking to Mount Everest . Ama_Dablam was first climbed in 1961 by Mike Gill , Barry Bishop , Mike Ward and Wally Romanes . eos
many people who visit the area will consider the best in the region . For several days , Ama_Dablam will dominate the eastern sky for anyone trekking to Mount Everest . Ama_Dablam was first climbed in 1961 by Mike Gill , Barry Bishop , Mike Ward and Wally Romanes . eos
will dominate the eastern sky for anyone trekking to Mount Everest . Ama_Dablam was first climbed in 1961 by Mike Gill , Barry Bishop , Mike Ward and Wally Romanes . The normal climbing route is via the southwest ridge ( right skyline in the photo ) . eos
was first climbed in 1961 by Mike Gill , Barry Bishop , Mike Ward and Wally Romanes . The normal climbing route is via the southwest ridge ( right skyline in the photo ) . Climbers will typically set up three camps along the ridge with camp 3 just below and to the right of the hanging glacier ( Dablam ) . eos
. As with Mt. Everest , the best climbing months are april - May ( before the monsoon ) and september - october . Ama_Dablam was originally used by Invesco Perpetual as its branding logo within UK . eos
was originally used by Invesco Perpetual as its branding logo within UK . Ama_Dablam has since been adopted by the INVESCO group of companies as its worldwide signature . eos
has since been adopted by the INVESCO group of companies as its worldwide signature . eos
is the third highest mountain in Bolivia . Ancohuma is located in the northern section of the Cordillera Real , part of the Andes , east of Lake Titicaca . Ancohuma lies just south of the slightly lower Illampu , near the town of Sorata . eos
is located in the northern section of the Cordillera Real , part of the Andes , east of Lake Titicaca . Ancohuma lies just south of the slightly lower Illampu , near the town of Sorata . Despite being higher than Illampu , Ancohuma is a gentler peak , with less local relief , and Ancohuma is a somewhat easier climb . eos
lies just south of the slightly lower Illampu , near the town of Sorata . Despite being higher than Illampu , Ancohuma is a gentler peak , with less local relief , and Ancohuma is a somewhat easier climb . Ancohuma was first climbed in 1919 , by Rudolf Dienst and Adolf Schulze . eos
is a gentler peak , with less local relief , and Ancohuma is a somewhat easier climb . Ancohuma was first climbed in 1919 , by Rudolf Dienst and Adolf Schulze . Their route , still the easiest , climbs the southwest face , and is rated PD . eos
is a somewhat easier climb . Ancohuma was first climbed in 1919 , by Rudolf Dienst and Adolf Schulze . Their route , still the easiest , climbs the southwest face , and is rated PD . eos
was first climbed in 1919 , by Rudolf Dienst and Adolf Schulze . Their route , still the easiest , climbs the southwest face , and is rated PD . Other routes exist on the northwest ridge and the west face . eos
is approached either from the west or from the northeast ; each approach requires 2 - 3 days from Sorata . eos
is the highest mountain in the Pyrenees . Aneto lies in the Spanish province of Huesca , in the north of Aragon . Aneto forms the southernmost part of the Maladeta massif . eos
lies in the Spanish province of Huesca , in the north of Aragon . Aneto forms the southernmost part of the Maladeta massif . Aneto is also known as Pic de Néthou in French , though this is little - used as Aneto lies entirely within Spain . eos
forms the southernmost part of the Maladeta massif . Aneto is also known as Pic de Néthou in French , though this is little - used as Aneto lies entirely within Spain . Aneto holds the largest glacier in Spain , covering 162 ha in 2001 ; it is shrinking rapidly due to climate change ( it covered 692 ha in 1890 , and 302 ha in 1991 ) and with current trends is expected to disappear completely between 2050 and 2070 . eos
is also known as Pic de Néthou in French , though this is little - used as Aneto lies entirely within Spain . Aneto holds the largest glacier in Spain , covering 162 ha in 2001 ; it is shrinking rapidly due to climate change ( it covered 692 ha in 1890 , and 302 ha in 1991 ) and with current trends is expected to disappear completely between 2050 and 2070 . eos
lies entirely within Spain . Aneto holds the largest glacier in Spain , covering 162 ha in 2001 ; it is shrinking rapidly due to climate change ( it covered 692 ha in 1890 , and 302 ha in 1991 ) and with current trends is expected to disappear completely between 2050 and 2070 . eos
holds the largest glacier in Spain , covering 162 ha in 2001 ; it is shrinking rapidly due to climate change ( it covered 692 ha in 1890 , and 302 ha in 1991 ) and with current trends is expected to disappear completely between 2050 and 2070 . eos
or Angel Peak is a mountain in Karakoram range of Northern Areas of Pakistan , near K2 , the second highest mountain in the world . eos
( Sanskrit , Nepali , Nepal Bhasa : अन्नपूर्ण ) is a series of peaks in the Himalaya , a 55-km - long massif Annapurna highest point , Annapurna I , stands at 8,091 m ( 26,538 ft ) , making it the 10th - highest summit in the world and one of the 14 ` ` eight - thousanders '' . Annapurna is located east of a great gorge cut through the Himalaya by the Kali Gandaki River , which separates Annapurna from the Dhaulagiri massif . ( Dhaulagiri I lies 34 km ( 21 mi ) west of Annapurna I. ) eos
highest point , Annapurna I , stands at 8,091 m ( 26,538 ft ) , making it the 10th - highest summit in the world and one of the 14 ` ` eight - thousanders '' . Annapurna is located east of a great gorge cut through the Himalaya by the Kali Gandaki River , which separates Annapurna from the Dhaulagiri massif . ( Dhaulagiri I lies 34 km ( 21 mi ) west of Annapurna I. ) eos
is located east of a great gorge cut through the Himalaya by the Kali Gandaki River , which separates Annapurna from the Dhaulagiri massif . ( Dhaulagiri I lies 34 km ( 21 mi ) west of Annapurna I. ) Annapurna is a Sanskrit name which is translated as Goddess of the Harvests . eos
from the Dhaulagiri massif . ( Dhaulagiri I lies 34 km ( 21 mi ) west of Annapurna I. ) Annapurna is a Sanskrit name which is translated as Goddess of the Harvests . eos
is the highest mountain in the eastern Dolomites ( a section of the Alps ) in northeastern Italy , southeast of the town of Cortina d'Ampezzo , in the region of Cadore . Antelao is known as the ` ` King of the Dolomites '' . ( Marmolada , the highest of all the Dolomites , is the ` ` Queen '' . ) eos
is known as the ` ` King of the Dolomites '' . ( Marmolada , the highest of all the Dolomites , is the ` ` Queen '' . ) Like many Dolomite peaks , Antelao is steep , rocky , and pointed ; Antelao also sits close to the edge of the Dolomite uplift and so Antelao has dramatic drops to the nearby valleys . eos
is steep , rocky , and pointed ; Antelao also sits close to the edge of the Dolomite uplift and so Antelao has dramatic drops to the nearby valleys . The easiest route is from the north , known as the ` ` Laste '' , a steep , narrow ridge . It involves a good deal of exposure , and a few short technical sections , such as a chimney , protected by cables . eos
also sits close to the edge of the Dolomite uplift and so Antelao has dramatic drops to the nearby valleys . The easiest route is from the north , known as the ` ` Laste '' , a steep , narrow ridge . It involves a good deal of exposure , and a few short technical sections , such as a chimney , protected by cables . eos
has dramatic drops to the nearby valleys . The easiest route is from the north , known as the ` ` Laste '' , a steep , narrow ridge . It involves a good deal of exposure , and a few short technical sections , such as a chimney , protected by cables . eos
is a stratovolcano in the province of East Java on Java , Indonesia . Arjuno-Welirang is a twin volcano . Volcanic cones and craters are located in a 6 km long of line between Arjuno and Welirang . eos
is a twin volcano . Volcanic cones and craters are located in a 6 km long of line between Arjuno and Welirang . Arjuno-Welirang lies in the older two volcano , named Mount Ringgit to the east and Mount Linting to the south . eos
lies in the older two volcano , named Mount Ringgit to the east and Mount Linting to the south . The summit is unvegetated . Fumarolic area with sulfur deposits are found in several locations on Arjuno-Welirang . eos
. eos
is a stratovolcano situated in a remote part of the central highlands of Iceland ( location : 65.03 ° N , 16.75 ° W ) . The name Askja refers to a complex of nested calderas within the surrounding Dyngjufjöll mountains , which rise to 1,510 m. The region is only accessible for a few months of the year . eos
was virtually unknown until the tremendous eruption which started on march 29 , 1875 . Especially in the eastern fjords of Iceland , the ashfall was heavy enough to poison the land and kill livestock . The eruption triggered a substantial wave of emigration from Iceland . eos
was in 1961 . The outer caldera of Askja , representing a prehistoric eruption , is about 45 km ² , and there is evidence of other later caldera - forming events within it . The main crater floor lies at about 1,100 m. eos
, representing a prehistoric eruption , is about 45 km ² , and there is evidence of other later caldera - forming events within it . The main crater floor lies at about 1,100 m. Öskjuvatn is a large lake that fills much of the smaller caldera resulting from the 1875 eruption . eos
to study the caldera . While exploring Öskjuvatn in a small boat , they disappeared without a trace . Von Knebel 's fiancée Ina von Grumbkow led an expedition to search for them , but no indication of what happened to them was ever found . eos
, there are two other interesting volcanic systems : Herðubreið and Kverkfjöll . Askja is a popular tourist destination . There are two mountain huts and a campsite at Dreki , by Drekagil , which is about 100 km by unpaved road from the Icelandic ring - road . eos
is a popular tourist destination . There are two mountain huts and a campsite at Dreki , by Drekagil , which is about 100 km by unpaved road from the Icelandic ring - road . A dirt road climbs 8 km up from Dreki into the Askja caldera . eos
is a massive stratovolcano located in Antofagasta Region of northern Chile , just south of the border with Bolivia . Aucanquilcha is composed of a number of overlapping cones along a 10 km ( 6 mi ) long ridge that forms the summit . There is fumarolic activity and voluminous sulfur deposits in the summit region . eos
is composed of a number of overlapping cones along a 10 km ( 6 mi ) long ridge that forms the summit . There is fumarolic activity and voluminous sulfur deposits in the summit region . During the Pleistocene ice ages , an extensive ice cap with an area over 45 km ² ( 17 mi ² ) mantled the upper slopes , extending down as low as 4,600 m ( 15,000 ft ) and leaving large moraines . eos
, which was the world 's highest mine until it closed in the 1990s , and it was serviced by perhaps the highest driveable road in the world , but this road is no longer usable by vehicles . The highest permanent human habitation was a miners ' barracks at about 5,500 m ( 18,000 ft ) . Mining originally began on Aucanquilcha in 1913 , initially using llamas as pack animals to carry down the sulfur . eos
in 1913 , initially using llamas as pack animals to carry down the sulfur . An aerial cable system extending for 22 km ( 14 mi ) was completed in 1935 , to lower the sulfur in buckets . Eventually this was replaced by the road which switchbacked up to the summit and was capable of supporting 20-ton mining trucks . eos
, also known as Changbai Mountain in China , is a volcanic mountain on the border between China and North Korea , located at 42 ° 00 ' 24N , 128 ° 03 ' 18E . At 2,744 m , Baekdu_Mountain is the highest mountain of the Changbai mountain range to the north and Baekdudaegan mountain range to the south . Baekdu_Mountain is also the highest mountain in Korea and Manchuria . eos
is the highest mountain of the Changbai mountain range to the north and Baekdudaegan mountain range to the south . Baekdu_Mountain is also the highest mountain in Korea and Manchuria . The Korean name , Baekdu - san , means ` ` white - headed mountain '' . eos
is also the highest mountain in Korea and Manchuria . The Korean name , Baekdu - san , means ` ` white - headed mountain '' . The Chinese name , Changbai Shan and the Manchu name , Golmin Aanggiyan Alin mean ` ` perpetually white mountain '' . eos
as Baitoushan . One of the highest crater lakes in the world , called Heaven Lake ( "" "" ) , lies at the top of Baekdu_Mountain . eos
. eos
is a mountain of the Karakoram mountain range in the Northern Areas of Pakistan . Baltoro_Kangri lies to the south of the Gasherbrums and east of Chogolisa Peak ( 7,665 m ) . The huge Baltoro Glacier ( which is one of the largest glaciers outside polar regions ) rises from the foot of Baltoro_Kangri . eos
lies to the south of the Gasherbrums and east of Chogolisa Peak ( 7,665 m ) . The huge Baltoro Glacier ( which is one of the largest glaciers outside polar regions ) rises from the foot of Baltoro_Kangri . In the north of Baltoro_Kangri is the Abruzzi Glacier . eos
. In the north of Baltoro_Kangri is the Abruzzi Glacier . eos
is the Abruzzi Glacier . eos
is a Himalayan mountain peak situated in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand , India . With a summit altitude of 6,334 m , Bamba_Dhura is situated on the north west ridge over the end of the Kalabaland Glacier in the eastern part of the district , left to the Milam Glacier . Kalabaland Dhura ( 6,105 m ) is situated on the west of Bamba_Dhura and Chiring We ( 6,559 m ) are on the same massif . eos
is situated on the north west ridge over the end of the Kalabaland Glacier in the eastern part of the district , left to the Milam Glacier . Kalabaland Dhura ( 6,105 m ) is situated on the west of Bamba_Dhura and Chiring We ( 6,559 m ) are on the same massif . Bamba Dhura massif is the part of divide between Kalabaland and Lassar valley . eos
and Chiring We ( 6,559 m ) are on the same massif . Bamba Dhura massif is the part of divide between Kalabaland and Lassar valley . Bamba_Dhura was first climbed to the summit in 1977 from south by col between Bamba_Dhura and Chiring We . eos
was first climbed to the summit in 1977 from south by col between Bamba_Dhura and Chiring We . Bamba_Dhura has since been ascended through south east and west ridge between the two peaks . eos
and Chiring We . Bamba_Dhura has since been ascended through south east and west ridge between the two peaks . eos
has since been ascended through south east and west ridge between the two peaks . eos
is a mountain in eastern Nepal , crowned by four peaks and bounded on the south by the Hunku Glacier , on the east by the Barun Glacier , and on the northwest by the Imja Glacier . Baruntse was first climbed May 30 1954 via the south ridge by Colin Todd and Geoff Harrow of a New Zealand expedition . eos
was first climbed May 30 1954 via the south ridge by Colin Todd and Geoff Harrow of a New Zealand expedition . eos
( 13,494 ft / 4,113 m ) is located in the Wind River Range in the US state of Wyoming . Bastion_Peak is the tenth highest in the range and the eleventh tallest in Wyoming . The summit is located on the Continental Divide and the eastern slopes of Bastion_Peak are covered by a section of Gannett Glacier , the largest glacier in the American Rocky Mountains . eos
is the tenth highest in the range and the eleventh tallest in Wyoming . The summit is located on the Continental Divide and the eastern slopes of Bastion_Peak are covered by a section of Gannett Glacier , the largest glacier in the American Rocky Mountains . eos
are covered by a section of Gannett Glacier , the largest glacier in the American Rocky Mountains . eos
, also referred to as Batura I , is the 25th highest mountain on earth and the 12th highest in Pakistan . Batura_Sar is the highest peak of the Batura Muztagh , which is the westernmost subrange of the Karakoram range . Batura_Sar forms the apex of the Batura Wall , which is a continuously high part of the backbone of the Batura Muztagh . eos
is the highest peak of the Batura Muztagh , which is the westernmost subrange of the Karakoram range . Batura_Sar forms the apex of the Batura Wall , which is a continuously high part of the backbone of the Batura Muztagh . Alternate forms of the name of Batura_Sar are Batura , Batura I , and Batura I East . eos
forms the apex of the Batura Wall , which is a continuously high part of the backbone of the Batura Muztagh . Alternate forms of the name of Batura_Sar are Batura , Batura I , and Batura I East . The height is also sometimes listed as 7785 m , and the Western top of Batura_Sar is of very similar height ( often given as 7794 m ) . eos
are Batura , Batura I , and Batura I East . The height is also sometimes listed as 7785 m , and the Western top of Batura_Sar is of very similar height ( often given as 7794 m ) . eos
is of very similar height ( often given as 7794 m ) . eos
is the highest mountain in Azerbaijan at 4,485 metres above sea level . Bazarduzu is located in the Caucasus near the Russian border . eos
is located in the Caucasus near the Russian border . eos
( Russian : Белуха ; Altai : Muztau ) , located in the Katun Mountains , is the highest peak of the Altay Mountains in Russia . Belukha_Mountain is part of the World Heritage Site entitled Golden Mountains of Altai . eos
is part of the World Heritage Site entitled Golden Mountains of Altai . Belukha_Mountain is a twin - peaked mountain massif Belukha_Mountain rises along the border of Russia and Kazakhstan , just north of the point where these two borders meet those of China and Mongolia . There are several small glaciers on Belukha_Mountain . eos
is a twin - peaked mountain massif Belukha_Mountain rises along the border of Russia and Kazakhstan , just north of the point where these two borders meet those of China and Mongolia . There are several small glaciers on Belukha_Mountain . Of the two peaks , the eastern peak ( 4,506 m , 14,784 ft . ) is higher than the western peak ( 4,440 m , 14,567 ft . ) . eos
rises along the border of Russia and Kazakhstan , just north of the point where these two borders meet those of China and Mongolia . There are several small glaciers on Belukha_Mountain . Of the two peaks , the eastern peak ( 4,506 m , 14,784 ft . ) is higher than the western peak ( 4,440 m , 14,567 ft . ) . eos
. Of the two peaks , the eastern peak ( 4,506 m , 14,784 ft . ) is higher than the western peak ( 4,440 m , 14,567 ft . ) . Belukha_Mountain was first climbed in 1914 by the Tronov brothers . eos
was first climbed in 1914 by the Tronov brothers . Most ascents of the eastern peak follow the same southern route as that taken in the first ascent . Though the Altai is lower in elevation than other Asian mountain groups , it is very remote , and much time and planning are required for its approach . eos
is a mountain peak on the south of the Baltoro Glacier . In Biarchedi southwest is Masherbrum ( 7,806 m ) and in Biarchedi east is the Mitre Peak ( 6,010 m ) . In Biarchedi northeast is the Biarchedi Glacier that flows north into the Baltoro Glacier . eos
southwest is Masherbrum ( 7,806 m ) and in Biarchedi east is the Mitre Peak ( 6,010 m ) . In Biarchedi northeast is the Biarchedi Glacier that flows north into the Baltoro Glacier . eos
east is the Mitre Peak ( 6,010 m ) . In Biarchedi northeast is the Biarchedi Glacier that flows north into the Baltoro Glacier . eos
northeast is the Biarchedi Glacier that flows north into the Baltoro Glacier . eos
, lying to the south of Glen Coe , Highland , Scotland , is the highest point in the historic county of Argyllshire . Bidean_nam_Bian is a complex mountain , with many ridges and subsidiary peaks , one of which , Stob Coire Sgreamhach , is classified as a separate Munro . The most noticeable features of Bidean_nam_Bian are the famous Three Sisters of Glen Coe , three peaks ( in reality simply the steep ends of ridges ) that face north into the Glen . eos
is a complex mountain , with many ridges and subsidiary peaks , one of which , Stob Coire Sgreamhach , is classified as a separate Munro . The most noticeable features of Bidean_nam_Bian are the famous Three Sisters of Glen Coe , three peaks ( in reality simply the steep ends of ridges ) that face north into the Glen . Two of the sisters , Gearr Aonach ( Short Ridge ) and Aonach Dubh ( Black Ridge ) converge at Stob Coire nan Lochan , a 1,115 m subsidiary peak of Bidean_nam_Bian that lies about 1 km to the northeast of the actual summit . eos
are the famous Three Sisters of Glen Coe , three peaks ( in reality simply the steep ends of ridges ) that face north into the Glen . Two of the sisters , Gearr Aonach ( Short Ridge ) and Aonach Dubh ( Black Ridge ) converge at Stob Coire nan Lochan , a 1,115 m subsidiary peak of Bidean_nam_Bian that lies about 1 km to the northeast of the actual summit . The final , most easterly sister , Beinn Fhada , joins the Bidean nam Bian massif at the summit of Stob Coire Sgreamhach . eos
that lies about 1 km to the northeast of the actual summit . The final , most easterly sister , Beinn Fhada , joins the Bidean nam Bian massif at the summit of Stob Coire Sgreamhach . Beinn Fhada is separated from Gearr Aonach by a glen known as Coire Gabhail . eos
( the ` ` king of the Valais '' ) is one of the highest mountains in the Bernese Alps . The northeast and southern slopes of Bietschhorn are part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site that also includes the Jungfrau and the Aletsch Glacier . Bietschhorn is located south of the Lötschental valley and at the north end of the Bietschtal valley and Baltschiedertal valley . eos
are part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site that also includes the Jungfrau and the Aletsch Glacier . Bietschhorn is located south of the Lötschental valley and at the north end of the Bietschtal valley and Baltschiedertal valley . Bietschhorn is 3938 meters high . eos
is located south of the Lötschental valley and at the north end of the Bietschtal valley and Baltschiedertal valley . Bietschhorn is 3938 meters high . Most climbers approach Bietschhorn from either the Bietschhornhütte or the Baltscheiderklause . eos
is 3938 meters high . Most climbers approach Bietschhorn from either the Bietschhornhütte or the Baltscheiderklause . Bietschhorn is regarded a fairly difficult mountain to climb . eos
from either the Bietschhornhütte or the Baltscheiderklause . Bietschhorn is regarded a fairly difficult mountain to climb . Bietschhorn was first climbed on 13 august 1859 by Leslie Stephen , with guides Anton Siegen , Johann Siegen and Joseph Ebener . eos
is regarded a fairly difficult mountain to climb . Bietschhorn was first climbed on 13 august 1859 by Leslie Stephen , with guides Anton Siegen , Johann Siegen and Joseph Ebener . An account of this first ascent was published by Leslie Stephen in his book ` The playground of Europe ' ( 1871 ) . eos
was first climbed on 13 august 1859 by Leslie Stephen , with guides Anton Siegen , Johann Siegen and Joseph Ebener . An account of this first ascent was published by Leslie Stephen in his book ` The playground of Europe ' ( 1871 ) . eos
is the high point of the Big Hatchet Mountains , a small but rugged range in the southwest corner ( the ` ` Bootheel '' ) of New Mexico , in the United States . The mountains are located in Hidalgo County , about 50 mi ( 80 km ) southwest of Deming . The range runs roughly northwest - southeast , and is about 12 mi ( 20 km ) long ; the southeastern edge of the range is within 5 mi ( 8 km ) of the border with Mexico . eos
rises steeply out of the Playas Valley , to the west , and the Hatchita Valley , to the east of the range . The summit stands about 4,000 feet above the valley floors . Also , the north and west faces of Big_Hatchet_Peak are particularly steep , making for an impressive mountain . eos
are particularly steep , making for an impressive mountain . There are a few other minor summits in this small range , but none are named . Geologically this range is part of the Basin and Range Province which spans much of the southwestern US and parts of northern Mexico . eos
, along the South Ridge from Thompson Canyon , is straightforward . eos
( 13,005 ft / 3,964 m ) is located in the Bighorn Mountains in the US state of Wyoming . Black_Tooth_Mountain is the second highest in the range after Cloud Peak . The summit is located in the Cloud Peak Wilderness of Bighorn National Forest . eos
is the second highest in the range after Cloud Peak . The summit is located in the Cloud Peak Wilderness of Bighorn National Forest . eos
is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado . Blanca_Peak is the fourth highest mountain in the state , and the seventh highest in the contiguous United States . Blanca_Peak is located at the southern end of the Sangre de Cristo Range , a subrange of the larger Sangre de Cristo Mountains , and Blanca_Peak is the highest peak in both ranges . eos
is the fourth highest mountain in the state , and the seventh highest in the contiguous United States . Blanca_Peak is located at the southern end of the Sangre de Cristo Range , a subrange of the larger Sangre de Cristo Mountains , and Blanca_Peak is the highest peak in both ranges . Blanca_Peak marks the common boundary of Huerfano , Costilla and Alamosa counties , approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) ENE of the town of Alamosa . eos
is located at the southern end of the Sangre de Cristo Range , a subrange of the larger Sangre de Cristo Mountains , and Blanca_Peak is the highest peak in both ranges . Blanca_Peak marks the common boundary of Huerfano , Costilla and Alamosa counties , approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) ENE of the town of Alamosa . Approximately 15 miles ( 24 km ) to the north - northwest is Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve . eos
is the highest peak in both ranges . Blanca_Peak marks the common boundary of Huerfano , Costilla and Alamosa counties , approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) ENE of the town of Alamosa . Approximately 15 miles ( 24 km ) to the north - northwest is Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve . eos
marks the common boundary of Huerfano , Costilla and Alamosa counties , approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) ENE of the town of Alamosa . Approximately 15 miles ( 24 km ) to the north - northwest is Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve . Blanca_Peak is known to the Navajo people as the Sacred Mountain of the East : Sisnaajinii Blanca_Peak is notable not only for Blanca_Peak absolute height , but also for Blanca_Peak great local relief ( by Colorado standards ) and dominant position at the end of the range , rising high above the San Luis Valley to the west . eos
is known to the Navajo people as the Sacred Mountain of the East : Sisnaajinii Blanca_Peak is notable not only for Blanca_Peak absolute height , but also for Blanca_Peak great local relief ( by Colorado standards ) and dominant position at the end of the range , rising high above the San Luis Valley to the west . For example , Blanca_Peak rises 6,000 ft ( 1830 m ) over the edge of the San Luis Valley in only 4.5 mi ( 7.2 km ) . Blanca_Peak is also the third most topographically prominent peak in Colorado ; Blanca_Peak is separated from the higher peaks in the Sawatch Range by relatively low Poncha Pass ( 9,040 ft/2 , 755 m ) . eos
is notable not only for Blanca_Peak absolute height , but also for Blanca_Peak great local relief ( by Colorado standards ) and dominant position at the end of the range , rising high above the San Luis Valley to the west . For example , Blanca_Peak rises 6,000 ft ( 1830 m ) over the edge of the San Luis Valley in only 4.5 mi ( 7.2 km ) . Blanca_Peak is also the third most topographically prominent peak in Colorado ; Blanca_Peak is separated from the higher peaks in the Sawatch Range by relatively low Poncha Pass ( 9,040 ft/2 , 755 m ) . eos
absolute height , but also for Blanca_Peak great local relief ( by Colorado standards ) and dominant position at the end of the range , rising high above the San Luis Valley to the west . For example , Blanca_Peak rises 6,000 ft ( 1830 m ) over the edge of the San Luis Valley in only 4.5 mi ( 7.2 km ) . Blanca_Peak is also the third most topographically prominent peak in Colorado ; Blanca_Peak is separated from the higher peaks in the Sawatch Range by relatively low Poncha Pass ( 9,040 ft/2 , 755 m ) . eos
great local relief ( by Colorado standards ) and dominant position at the end of the range , rising high above the San Luis Valley to the west . For example , Blanca_Peak rises 6,000 ft ( 1830 m ) over the edge of the San Luis Valley in only 4.5 mi ( 7.2 km ) . Blanca_Peak is also the third most topographically prominent peak in Colorado ; Blanca_Peak is separated from the higher peaks in the Sawatch Range by relatively low Poncha Pass ( 9,040 ft/2 , 755 m ) . eos
rises 6,000 ft ( 1830 m ) over the edge of the San Luis Valley in only 4.5 mi ( 7.2 km ) . Blanca_Peak is also the third most topographically prominent peak in Colorado ; Blanca_Peak is separated from the higher peaks in the Sawatch Range by relatively low Poncha Pass ( 9,040 ft/2 , 755 m ) . Summitpost notes that ` ` the first recorded ascent of Blanca by the Wheeler Survey was recorded on august 14 , 1874 , but to their surprise they found evidence of a stone structure possibly built by Ute Indians or wandering Spaniards . '' eos
is also the third most topographically prominent peak in Colorado ; Blanca_Peak is separated from the higher peaks in the Sawatch Range by relatively low Poncha Pass ( 9,040 ft/2 , 755 m ) . Summitpost notes that ` ` the first recorded ascent of Blanca by the Wheeler Survey was recorded on august 14 , 1874 , but to their surprise they found evidence of a stone structure possibly built by Ute Indians or wandering Spaniards . '' Three other fourteeners are nearby : eos
is separated from the higher peaks in the Sawatch Range by relatively low Poncha Pass ( 9,040 ft/2 , 755 m ) . Summitpost notes that ` ` the first recorded ascent of Blanca by the Wheeler Survey was recorded on august 14 , 1874 , but to their surprise they found evidence of a stone structure possibly built by Ute Indians or wandering Spaniards . '' Three other fourteeners are nearby : eos
by a short , high ridge , and is often climbed in conjunction with Blanca_Peak . Little Bear also has a high connecting ridge to Blanca_Peak , but it is a technical traverse , only recommended for highly experienced parties . eos
. Little Bear also has a high connecting ridge to Blanca_Peak , but it is a technical traverse , only recommended for highly experienced parties . eos
, but it is a technical traverse , only recommended for highly experienced parties . eos
is a massif of the Bernese Alps , in the territory of the municipalies of Kandersteg and Reichenbach i m Kandertal . Blueemlisalp main peaks are : eos
main peaks are : * Blüemlisalphorn ( 3,664 m ) 46 ° 29 ' 20N , 7 ° 46 ' 30E * Wyssi Frau ( 3,650 m ) 46 ° 29 ' 35N , 7 ° 47 ' 0E * Morgenhorn ( 3,623 m ) 46 ° 29 ' 46N , 7 ° 47 ' 28E Blueemlisalp is contained within the canton of Berne , and Blueemlisalp forms a northern extension to the main range of the Bernese alps . eos
is contained within the canton of Berne , and Blueemlisalp forms a northern extension to the main range of the Bernese alps . To the west , Blueemlisalp is connected with the Dolderhorn group via the Oeschinenhorn and Fründenhorn peaks ; to the east , Blueemlisalp is continued by the Gspaltenhorn . Ascent is from the Blüemlisalphütte ( 2,840 m ) , over the glacier , past the Wildi Frau ( 3,260 46 ° 30 ' 16N , 7 ° 46 ' 46E ) eos
forms a northern extension to the main range of the Bernese alps . To the west , Blueemlisalp is connected with the Dolderhorn group via the Oeschinenhorn and Fründenhorn peaks ; to the east , Blueemlisalp is continued by the Gspaltenhorn . Ascent is from the Blüemlisalphütte ( 2,840 m ) , over the glacier , past the Wildi Frau ( 3,260 46 ° 30 ' 16N , 7 ° 46 ' 46E ) eos
is connected with the Dolderhorn group via the Oeschinenhorn and Fründenhorn peaks ; to the east , Blueemlisalp is continued by the Gspaltenhorn . Ascent is from the Blüemlisalphütte ( 2,840 m ) , over the glacier , past the Wildi Frau ( 3,260 46 ° 30 ' 16N , 7 ° 46 ' 46E ) eos
is continued by the Gspaltenhorn . Ascent is from the Blüemlisalphütte ( 2,840 m ) , over the glacier , past the Wildi Frau ( 3,260 46 ° 30 ' 16N , 7 ° 46 ' 46E ) eos
or Bojohaghur Duanasir is a summit in the Batura Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range . Bojohagur_Duanasir is the west summit of a short ridge whose high point is Ultar Sar , also known as Bojohaghur Duanasir II ( despite being higher ) . Bojohagur_Duanasir lies about 10 km ( 6 miles ) northeast of the Karimabad , a town on the Karakoram Highway in the Hunza Valley , part of the Gilgit district of the Northern Areas of Pakistan . eos
is the west summit of a short ridge whose high point is Ultar Sar , also known as Bojohaghur Duanasir II ( despite being higher ) . Bojohagur_Duanasir lies about 10 km ( 6 miles ) northeast of the Karimabad , a town on the Karakoram Highway in the Hunza Valley , part of the Gilgit district of the Northern Areas of Pakistan . Bojohagur_Duanasir was first climbed in 1984 by E Kisa , M Nagoshi , and R Okamoto , members of a Japanese expedition led by Tsumeo Omae , which ascended from the Hasanabad Glacier via the Southwest Ridge . eos
lies about 10 km ( 6 miles ) northeast of the Karimabad , a town on the Karakoram Highway in the Hunza Valley , part of the Gilgit district of the Northern Areas of Pakistan . Bojohagur_Duanasir was first climbed in 1984 by E Kisa , M Nagoshi , and R Okamoto , members of a Japanese expedition led by Tsumeo Omae , which ascended from the Hasanabad Glacier via the Southwest Ridge . eos
was first climbed in 1984 by E Kisa , M Nagoshi , and R Okamoto , members of a Japanese expedition led by Tsumeo Omae , which ascended from the Hasanabad Glacier via the Southwest Ridge . eos
is the crest of a ridge line within the Big Horn Mountains of the US State of Wyoming . Bomber_Mountain rises to an elevation of 12,448 feet ( 3,794 meters ) , and Bomber_Mountain borders the south side of Cloud Peak , the tallest peak in the range . Bomber_Mountain get Bomber_Mountain name from an aviation accident that occurred in 1943 . eos
rises to an elevation of 12,448 feet ( 3,794 meters ) , and Bomber_Mountain borders the south side of Cloud Peak , the tallest peak in the range . Bomber_Mountain get Bomber_Mountain name from an aviation accident that occurred in 1943 . eos
borders the south side of Cloud Peak , the tallest peak in the range . Bomber_Mountain get Bomber_Mountain name from an aviation accident that occurred in 1943 . eos
get Bomber_Mountain name from an aviation accident that occurred in 1943 . eos
name from an aviation accident that occurred in 1943 . eos
( also known as Mount Borah ) is the tallest mountain in Idaho , rising to 12,662 feet ( 3,859 m ) . Borah_Peak is located in the central section of the Lost River Range within the Challis National Forest . Borah_Peak is named for William Edgar Borah ( 1865 - 1940 ) , US Senator from Idaho serving from 1907 - 1940 . eos
is located in the central section of the Lost River Range within the Challis National Forest . Borah_Peak is named for William Edgar Borah ( 1865 - 1940 ) , US Senator from Idaho serving from 1907 - 1940 . On october 28 , 1983 a magnitude 7.3 earthquake struck the Borah Peak area . eos
is named for William Edgar Borah ( 1865 - 1940 ) , US Senator from Idaho serving from 1907 - 1940 . On october 28 , 1983 a magnitude 7.3 earthquake struck the Borah Peak area . The earthquake lifted Borah_Peak 7 feet ( 2 m ) from 12,655 feet ( 3,857 m ) to Borah_Peak current elevation of 12,662 feet ( 3,859 m ) . eos
7 feet ( 2 m ) from 12,655 feet ( 3,857 m ) to Borah_Peak current elevation of 12,662 feet ( 3,859 m ) . The normal route on the southwest ridge is a strenuous hike for the most part until one reaches an arête just before the main summit crest . This point is known as ` ` Chickenout Ridge '' as many people will abort the attempt once they see the hazards up close . eos
current elevation of 12,662 feet ( 3,859 m ) . The normal route on the southwest ridge is a strenuous hike for the most part until one reaches an arête just before the main summit crest . This point is known as ` ` Chickenout Ridge '' as many people will abort the attempt once they see the hazards up close . eos
north face is one of Idaho 's only year - round snow climbs and provides a much greater challenge than the normal route . The face features a number of grade II class 5 routes on mixed terrain . Three climbers have died on Borah_Peak . eos
. Two climbers ascending the northwest ridge in 1977 were killed in an avalanche . Another climber in 1987 lost his life on a glissade during descent . eos
is a mountain in the Alps , considered the most easily climbed 4,000 m Alpine peak . This is due to the Klein Matterhorn cable car which takes climbers to over 3,870 m ( 12,700 ft ) for a starting point . The standard route ( SSW flank ) continues over a glacial plateau before climbing to the summit on a 35 degree snow slope . eos
was first climbed in 1813 by Henry Maynard , Joseph - Marie Couttet , Jean Gras , Jean - Baptiste Erin and Jean - Jacques Erin . eos
is one of the mountains surrounding Red Rock Canyon in the Spring Mountains of Nevada , United States . Bridge_Mountain is named after the natural feature of a bridge - like natural arch near the summit . Bridge_Mountain is one of the highest peaks in the Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area . eos
is named after the natural feature of a bridge - like natural arch near the summit . Bridge_Mountain is one of the highest peaks in the Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area . The ascent is a popular hike . eos
is one of the highest peaks in the Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area . The ascent is a popular hike . eos
( originally named K3 ) is the 12th highest mountain on Earth , located on the border of China - Kashmir . Broad_Peak is part of the Gasherbrum massif and Broad_Peak is about 8 kilometres ( 5 miles ) from K2 . Broad_Peak was originally named K3 right after the naming of K2 but on closer inspection by a later party , it was discovered that the summit was over 1 1/2 kilometres ( 1 mile ) long , thus ` ` Broad Peak '' . eos
is part of the Gasherbrum massif and Broad_Peak is about 8 kilometres ( 5 miles ) from K2 . Broad_Peak was originally named K3 right after the naming of K2 but on closer inspection by a later party , it was discovered that the summit was over 1 1/2 kilometres ( 1 mile ) long , thus ` ` Broad Peak '' . Broad_Peak is known locally as Faichan Kangri . eos
is about 8 kilometres ( 5 miles ) from K2 . Broad_Peak was originally named K3 right after the naming of K2 but on closer inspection by a later party , it was discovered that the summit was over 1 1/2 kilometres ( 1 mile ) long , thus ` ` Broad Peak '' . Broad_Peak is known locally as Faichan Kangri . eos
was originally named K3 right after the naming of K2 but on closer inspection by a later party , it was discovered that the summit was over 1 1/2 kilometres ( 1 mile ) long , thus ` ` Broad Peak '' . Broad_Peak is known locally as Faichan Kangri . The literal translation of ` ` Broad Peak '' to Phalchan Kangri is not accepted among the Baltis . eos
is known locally as Faichan Kangri . The literal translation of ` ` Broad Peak '' to Phalchan Kangri is not accepted among the Baltis . The first ascent of Broad_Peak was made on june 9 , 1957 by Fritz Wintersteller , Marcus Schmuck , Kurt Diemberger , and Hermann Buhl of an Austrian expedition led by Marcus Schmuck . eos
was made on june 9 , 1957 by Fritz Wintersteller , Marcus Schmuck , Kurt Diemberger , and Hermann Buhl of an Austrian expedition led by Marcus Schmuck . A first attempt by the team was made on May 29 where Fritz Wintersteller and Kurt Diemberger reached the forepeak ( 8,030 m ) . This was also accomplished without the aid of supplemental oxygen or high altitude porters and without base camp support . eos
is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , immediately southeast of Grand Teton . Buck_Mountain is the highest summit south of Garnet Canyon and Buck_Mountain is easily seen from most vantage points in Jackson Hole . Views from the summit offer excellent views of the Cathedral Group to the north . eos
is the highest summit south of Garnet Canyon and Buck_Mountain is easily seen from most vantage points in Jackson Hole . Views from the summit offer excellent views of the Cathedral Group to the north . The west slope of the summit tower are along the Alaska Basin Trail and extend into Caribou - Targhee National Forest and the Jedediah Smith Wilderness , which is the location of Alaska Basin , a popular wilderness camping area for backpackers . eos
is easily seen from most vantage points in Jackson Hole . Views from the summit offer excellent views of the Cathedral Group to the north . The west slope of the summit tower are along the Alaska Basin Trail and extend into Caribou - Targhee National Forest and the Jedediah Smith Wilderness , which is the location of Alaska Basin , a popular wilderness camping area for backpackers . eos
is Vermont 's third highest mountain and highest undeveloped peak , and because of Camels_Hump_Vermont distinctive profile , perhaps the state 's most recognized mountain . Part of the Green Mountain range , Camels_Hump_Vermont is one of the oldest mountains on earth . With Camels_Hump_Vermont neighbor to the north , Mount Mansfield , Camels_Hump_Vermont borders the notch that the antecedent Winooski River has carved through this area over eons . eos
distinctive profile , perhaps the state 's most recognized mountain . Part of the Green Mountain range , Camels_Hump_Vermont is one of the oldest mountains on earth . With Camels_Hump_Vermont neighbor to the north , Mount Mansfield , Camels_Hump_Vermont borders the notch that the antecedent Winooski River has carved through this area over eons . eos
is one of the oldest mountains on earth . With Camels_Hump_Vermont neighbor to the north , Mount Mansfield , Camels_Hump_Vermont borders the notch that the antecedent Winooski River has carved through this area over eons . The hiking trails on Camels_Hump_Vermont were among the first cut in the Long Trail system , and Camels_Hump_Vermont remains a popular summit for through - and day - hiking . eos
neighbor to the north , Mount Mansfield , Camels_Hump_Vermont borders the notch that the antecedent Winooski River has carved through this area over eons . The hiking trails on Camels_Hump_Vermont were among the first cut in the Long Trail system , and Camels_Hump_Vermont remains a popular summit for through - and day - hiking . eos
borders the notch that the antecedent Winooski River has carved through this area over eons . The hiking trails on Camels_Hump_Vermont were among the first cut in the Long Trail system , and Camels_Hump_Vermont remains a popular summit for through - and day - hiking . eos
were among the first cut in the Long Trail system , and Camels_Hump_Vermont remains a popular summit for through - and day - hiking . eos
remains a popular summit for through - and day - hiking . eos
( Catalan Canigó ) ( el . 2785 m. / 9137 ft . ) is a mountain located in the Pyrenees of southern France . eos
sharp flanks and Canigou situation in between high mountains and plateaus Canigou was accidentally believed to be the highest mountain in the Pyrenees . Canigou is considered by many to be the spiritual home of the Catalan nation and Canigou inspired a collection of songs called Canigó , which all begin with the ( Catalan words ) ` ` Muntanyes de Canigó , fresques són i regalades '' , like the poem Canigó by Jacint Verdaguer i Santaló . eos
situation in between high mountains and plateaus Canigou was accidentally believed to be the highest mountain in the Pyrenees . Canigou is considered by many to be the spiritual home of the Catalan nation and Canigou inspired a collection of songs called Canigó , which all begin with the ( Catalan words ) ` ` Muntanyes de Canigó , fresques són i regalades '' , like the poem Canigó by Jacint Verdaguer i Santaló . eos
was accidentally believed to be the highest mountain in the Pyrenees . Canigou is considered by many to be the spiritual home of the Catalan nation and Canigou inspired a collection of songs called Canigó , which all begin with the ( Catalan words ) ` ` Muntanyes de Canigó , fresques són i regalades '' , like the poem Canigó by Jacint Verdaguer i Santaló . eos
is considered by many to be the spiritual home of the Catalan nation and Canigou inspired a collection of songs called Canigó , which all begin with the ( Catalan words ) ` ` Muntanyes de Canigó , fresques són i regalades '' , like the poem Canigó by Jacint Verdaguer i Santaló . eos
inspired a collection of songs called Canigó , which all begin with the ( Catalan words ) ` ` Muntanyes de Canigó , fresques són i regalades '' , like the poem Canigó by Jacint Verdaguer i Santaló . eos
( formerly Profile Mountain ) is a 4,100 foot ( 1,250 m ) peak in the White Mountains of New Hampshire . Known for both Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire technical rock & amp ; ice climbing ( particularly on Cannon Cliff , pictured ) and Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire skiing ( Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is a state owned ski area ) , Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire was home to the Old Man of the Mountain until the formation collapsed on May 3 , 2003 . Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is the parent mountain of three mountains , with heights of 3,693 , 3,700 , and 3,769 feet ( 1,125 , 1,127 and 1,148 m ) , collectively known as ` ` The Cannon Balls . '' eos
technical rock & amp ; ice climbing ( particularly on Cannon Cliff , pictured ) and Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire skiing ( Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is a state owned ski area ) , Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire was home to the Old Man of the Mountain until the formation collapsed on May 3 , 2003 . Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is the parent mountain of three mountains , with heights of 3,693 , 3,700 , and 3,769 feet ( 1,125 , 1,127 and 1,148 m ) , collectively known as ` ` The Cannon Balls . '' Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is a type of geological formation known as an exfoliating granite dome which is layered like an onion . eos
skiing ( Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is a state owned ski area ) , Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire was home to the Old Man of the Mountain until the formation collapsed on May 3 , 2003 . Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is the parent mountain of three mountains , with heights of 3,693 , 3,700 , and 3,769 feet ( 1,125 , 1,127 and 1,148 m ) , collectively known as ` ` The Cannon Balls . '' Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is a type of geological formation known as an exfoliating granite dome which is layered like an onion . eos
is a state owned ski area ) , Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire was home to the Old Man of the Mountain until the formation collapsed on May 3 , 2003 . Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is the parent mountain of three mountains , with heights of 3,693 , 3,700 , and 3,769 feet ( 1,125 , 1,127 and 1,148 m ) , collectively known as ` ` The Cannon Balls . '' Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is a type of geological formation known as an exfoliating granite dome which is layered like an onion . eos
was home to the Old Man of the Mountain until the formation collapsed on May 3 , 2003 . Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is the parent mountain of three mountains , with heights of 3,693 , 3,700 , and 3,769 feet ( 1,125 , 1,127 and 1,148 m ) , collectively known as ` ` The Cannon Balls . '' Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is a type of geological formation known as an exfoliating granite dome which is layered like an onion . eos
is the parent mountain of three mountains , with heights of 3,693 , 3,700 , and 3,769 feet ( 1,125 , 1,127 and 1,148 m ) , collectively known as ` ` The Cannon Balls . '' Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is a type of geological formation known as an exfoliating granite dome which is layered like an onion . Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is located within Franconia Notch State Park . eos
is a type of geological formation known as an exfoliating granite dome which is layered like an onion . Cannon_Mountain_New_Hampshire is located within Franconia Notch State Park . eos
is located within Franconia Notch State Park . eos
( also Carihuayrazo , in English ) is a volcanic caldera neighboured by Ecuador 's highest mountain Chimborazo . eos
is a mountain located in the Bow River Valley of Banff National Park , adjacent to the town of Banff . Cascade_Mountain_Alberta was named in 1858 by James Hector after the waterfall or cascade on the southern flanks of the peak . Cascade_Mountain_Alberta has also been called Stoney Chief , which is related to the name of the smaller neighbouring mountain Stoney Squaw , which is still in use . eos
was named in 1858 by James Hector after the waterfall or cascade on the southern flanks of the peak . Cascade_Mountain_Alberta has also been called Stoney Chief , which is related to the name of the smaller neighbouring mountain Stoney Squaw , which is still in use . Cascade_Mountain_Alberta is the highest mountain adjacent to the townsite . eos
has also been called Stoney Chief , which is related to the name of the smaller neighbouring mountain Stoney Squaw , which is still in use . Cascade_Mountain_Alberta is the highest mountain adjacent to the townsite . Cascade_Mountain_Alberta can be climbed starting from the Norquay Ski Area base . eos
is the highest mountain adjacent to the townsite . Cascade_Mountain_Alberta can be climbed starting from the Norquay Ski Area base . The first portion is a fairly moderate hike , up to the Cascade Amphitheatre . eos
can be climbed starting from the Norquay Ski Area base . The first portion is a fairly moderate hike , up to the Cascade Amphitheatre . Continuing upwards , the route ascends along the ridge edge until it reaches the crest where it dips before it rises to the false summit . eos
is located within Banff National Park in the Canadian Rockies , approximately half - way between Banff and Lake Louise . While looking nearly impenetrable from the Trans - Canada Highway , Castle_Mountain can be ascended from the backside on the northeastern slopes . The trail to Rockbound Lake leads hikers around the eastern side . eos
can be ascended from the backside on the northeastern slopes . The trail to Rockbound Lake leads hikers around the eastern side . Castle_Mountain was named in 1858 by James Hector for Castle_Mountain castle - like or fortress appearance . eos
was named in 1858 by James Hector for Castle_Mountain castle - like or fortress appearance . Following the post - war visit of US president Dwight D Eisenhower , the name was changed to Mount Eisenhower . Eventually , public pressure forced the name to be changed back in 1983 to its original but an isolated pinnacle at the southeastern end is now called Eisenhower Tower . eos
castle - like or fortress appearance . Following the post - war visit of US president Dwight D Eisenhower , the name was changed to Mount Eisenhower . Eventually , public pressure forced the name to be changed back in 1983 to its original but an isolated pinnacle at the southeastern end is now called Eisenhower Tower . eos
is the crowning summit of the Cathedral Range , a mountain range in the south - central portion of Yosemite National Park in Tuolumne County , California . The range is an offshoot of the Sierra Nevada Mountains . Cathedral_Peak_California , Cathedral_Peak_California lends Cathedral_Peak_California name to the range , derives Cathedral_Peak_California name from Cathedral_Peak_California cathedral - shaped peak , which was formed by glacial activity : the peak remained uneroded above the glaciers in the Pleistocene . eos
, Cathedral_Peak_California lends Cathedral_Peak_California name to the range , derives Cathedral_Peak_California name from Cathedral_Peak_California cathedral - shaped peak , which was formed by glacial activity : the peak remained uneroded above the glaciers in the Pleistocene . The west peak of Cathedral_Peak_California ( shown foreshortened in the photograph ) is called Eichorn Pinnacle , after Jules Eichorn , who first ascended a YDS 5.4 route in 1931 . In 1869 , John Muir wrote My first summer in the Sierra , where he described Cathedral_Peak_California as ` ` The body of the Cathedral is nearly square , and the roof slopes are wonderfully regular and symmetrical , the ridge trending northeast and southwest . eos
lends Cathedral_Peak_California name to the range , derives Cathedral_Peak_California name from Cathedral_Peak_California cathedral - shaped peak , which was formed by glacial activity : the peak remained uneroded above the glaciers in the Pleistocene . The west peak of Cathedral_Peak_California ( shown foreshortened in the photograph ) is called Eichorn Pinnacle , after Jules Eichorn , who first ascended a YDS 5.4 route in 1931 . In 1869 , John Muir wrote My first summer in the Sierra , where he described Cathedral_Peak_California as ` ` The body of the Cathedral is nearly square , and the roof slopes are wonderfully regular and symmetrical , the ridge trending northeast and southwest . eos
name to the range , derives Cathedral_Peak_California name from Cathedral_Peak_California cathedral - shaped peak , which was formed by glacial activity : the peak remained uneroded above the glaciers in the Pleistocene . The west peak of Cathedral_Peak_California ( shown foreshortened in the photograph ) is called Eichorn Pinnacle , after Jules Eichorn , who first ascended a YDS 5.4 route in 1931 . In 1869 , John Muir wrote My first summer in the Sierra , where he described Cathedral_Peak_California as ` ` The body of the Cathedral is nearly square , and the roof slopes are wonderfully regular and symmetrical , the ridge trending northeast and southwest . eos
name from Cathedral_Peak_California cathedral - shaped peak , which was formed by glacial activity : the peak remained uneroded above the glaciers in the Pleistocene . The west peak of Cathedral_Peak_California ( shown foreshortened in the photograph ) is called Eichorn Pinnacle , after Jules Eichorn , who first ascended a YDS 5.4 route in 1931 . In 1869 , John Muir wrote My first summer in the Sierra , where he described Cathedral_Peak_California as ` ` The body of the Cathedral is nearly square , and the roof slopes are wonderfully regular and symmetrical , the ridge trending northeast and southwest . eos
cathedral - shaped peak , which was formed by glacial activity : the peak remained uneroded above the glaciers in the Pleistocene . The west peak of Cathedral_Peak_California ( shown foreshortened in the photograph ) is called Eichorn Pinnacle , after Jules Eichorn , who first ascended a YDS 5.4 route in 1931 . In 1869 , John Muir wrote My first summer in the Sierra , where he described Cathedral_Peak_California as ` ` The body of the Cathedral is nearly square , and the roof slopes are wonderfully regular and symmetrical , the ridge trending northeast and southwest . eos
( shown foreshortened in the photograph ) is called Eichorn Pinnacle , after Jules Eichorn , who first ascended a YDS 5.4 route in 1931 . In 1869 , John Muir wrote My first summer in the Sierra , where he described Cathedral_Peak_California as ` ` The body of the Cathedral is nearly square , and the roof slopes are wonderfully regular and symmetrical , the ridge trending northeast and southwest . This direction has apparently been determined by structure joints in the granite . eos
as ` ` The body of the Cathedral is nearly square , and the roof slopes are wonderfully regular and symmetrical , the ridge trending northeast and southwest . This direction has apparently been determined by structure joints in the granite . The gable on the northeast end is magnificent in size and simplicity , and at its base there is a big snow - bank protected by the shadow of the building . eos
is located in Pichincha province some 70 km ( 43 mi ) northeast of Quito . Cayambe_volcano is the third highest mountain in Ecuador . Cayambe_volcano , Cayambe_volcano has a permanent snow cap , is a Holocene compound volcano Cayambe_volcano has not erupted in historical times . eos
is the third highest mountain in Ecuador . Cayambe_volcano , Cayambe_volcano has a permanent snow cap , is a Holocene compound volcano Cayambe_volcano has not erupted in historical times . At 4,690 m ( 15,387 ft ) on Cayambe_volcano south slope is the highest point in the world crossed by the Equator and the only point on the Equator with snow cover ( see , for example , Google Earth images ) . eos
, Cayambe_volcano has a permanent snow cap , is a Holocene compound volcano Cayambe_volcano has not erupted in historical times . At 4,690 m ( 15,387 ft ) on Cayambe_volcano south slope is the highest point in the world crossed by the Equator and the only point on the Equator with snow cover ( see , for example , Google Earth images ) . Cayambe_volcano is located within the Cayambe - Coca Ecological Reserve . eos
has a permanent snow cap , is a Holocene compound volcano Cayambe_volcano has not erupted in historical times . At 4,690 m ( 15,387 ft ) on Cayambe_volcano south slope is the highest point in the world crossed by the Equator and the only point on the Equator with snow cover ( see , for example , Google Earth images ) . Cayambe_volcano is located within the Cayambe - Coca Ecological Reserve . eos
has not erupted in historical times . At 4,690 m ( 15,387 ft ) on Cayambe_volcano south slope is the highest point in the world crossed by the Equator and the only point on the Equator with snow cover ( see , for example , Google Earth images ) . Cayambe_volcano is located within the Cayambe - Coca Ecological Reserve . eos
south slope is the highest point in the world crossed by the Equator and the only point on the Equator with snow cover ( see , for example , Google Earth images ) . Cayambe_volcano is located within the Cayambe - Coca Ecological Reserve . The town of Cayambe takes its name from Cayambe_volcano . eos
is located within the Cayambe - Coca Ecological Reserve . The town of Cayambe takes its name from Cayambe_volcano . Cayambe_volcano was first scaled by British climber Edward Whymper and his two Italian guides and companions Juan Antonio and Luis Carrel in 1880 , and Cayambe_volcano is a favourite of mountain climbers today . eos
. Cayambe_volcano was first scaled by British climber Edward Whymper and his two Italian guides and companions Juan Antonio and Luis Carrel in 1880 , and Cayambe_volcano is a favourite of mountain climbers today . eos
is a favourite of mountain climbers today . eos
was first scaled by British climber Edward Whymper and his two Italian guides and companions Juan Antonio and Luis Carrel in 1880 , and Cayambe_volcano is a favourite of mountain climbers today . eos
is a volcano located in Tolima Department , Colombia , north of Nevado del Ruiz volcano . eos
is the highest mountain in Costa Rica , with an altitude of 3,820 metres . Cerro_Chirripo is located in the Chirripó National Park and Cerro_Chirripo is noted for Cerro_Chirripo ecological wealth . The high peaks in this and La Amistad International Park host important areas of Talamancan montane forest and Costa Rican Páramo with high endemism and an extremely high biodiversity . eos
is located in the Chirripó National Park and Cerro_Chirripo is noted for Cerro_Chirripo ecological wealth . The high peaks in this and La Amistad International Park host important areas of Talamancan montane forest and Costa Rican Páramo with high endemism and an extremely high biodiversity . Due to the height of these mountains , its peaks are sky islands for many species of plants and animals . eos
is noted for Cerro_Chirripo ecological wealth . The high peaks in this and La Amistad International Park host important areas of Talamancan montane forest and Costa Rican Páramo with high endemism and an extremely high biodiversity . Due to the height of these mountains , its peaks are sky islands for many species of plants and animals . eos
ecological wealth . The high peaks in this and La Amistad International Park host important areas of Talamancan montane forest and Costa Rican Páramo with high endemism and an extremely high biodiversity . Due to the height of these mountains , its peaks are sky islands for many species of plants and animals . eos
relative to Cerro_Chirripo surroundings is also evidenced by Cerro_Chirripo particularly high topographic prominence of 3727 m , which makes Cerro_Chirripo the 38th most prominent peak in the world . Two forest fires have devastated the biodiversity of the region . eos
surroundings is also evidenced by Cerro_Chirripo particularly high topographic prominence of 3727 m , which makes Cerro_Chirripo the 38th most prominent peak in the world . Two forest fires have devastated the biodiversity of the region . eos
particularly high topographic prominence of 3727 m , which makes Cerro_Chirripo the 38th most prominent peak in the world . Two forest fires have devastated the biodiversity of the region . eos
the 38th most prominent peak in the world . Two forest fires have devastated the biodiversity of the region . eos
is a mountain in Bocas del Toro Province of western Panama . Cerro_Fabrega reaches a peak of 3,335 meters ( 10,942 feet ) . eos
reaches a peak of 3,335 meters ( 10,942 feet ) . eos
is a peak of the Mountain range called Ajusco , located at the outskirts of Mexico City specifically at the coordinates N19 12 27.2 W99 15 29.4 - Cerro_La_Cruz_del_Marques is the actual highpoint of the Ajusco . eos
is the actual highpoint of the Ajusco . eos
is the highest mountain in the Sierra Madre Oriental mountain range of northeast Mexico . Cerro_Potosi is located in the state of Nuevo León , about 80 km ( 50 mi ) south of Monterrey . Cerro_Potosi is composed of limestone , and Cerro_Potosi is noted for Cerro_Potosi very diverse flora including several endemic or near - endemic species , such as the Potosi Pinyon . eos
is located in the state of Nuevo León , about 80 km ( 50 mi ) south of Monterrey . Cerro_Potosi is composed of limestone , and Cerro_Potosi is noted for Cerro_Potosi very diverse flora including several endemic or near - endemic species , such as the Potosi Pinyon . Access was very difficult in the past , but in the 1960s a microwave relay station was built on the summit , with the road built for this providing easy access from the east . eos
is composed of limestone , and Cerro_Potosi is noted for Cerro_Potosi very diverse flora including several endemic or near - endemic species , such as the Potosi Pinyon . Access was very difficult in the past , but in the 1960s a microwave relay station was built on the summit , with the road built for this providing easy access from the east . eos
is noted for Cerro_Potosi very diverse flora including several endemic or near - endemic species , such as the Potosi Pinyon . Access was very difficult in the past , but in the 1960s a microwave relay station was built on the summit , with the road built for this providing easy access from the east . eos
very diverse flora including several endemic or near - endemic species , such as the Potosi Pinyon . Access was very difficult in the past , but in the 1960s a microwave relay station was built on the summit , with the road built for this providing easy access from the east . eos
is one of the most spectacular mountains of the Southern Patagonian Ice Field in South America . Cerro_Torre is located in a region which is disputed between Argentina and Chile , west of Cerro Chalten ( also known as Fitz Roy ) . Cerro_Torre is the highest in a four mountain chain : the other peaks are Torre Egger , Punta Herron , and Cerro Stanhardt . eos
is located in a region which is disputed between Argentina and Chile , west of Cerro Chalten ( also known as Fitz Roy ) . Cerro_Torre is the highest in a four mountain chain : the other peaks are Torre Egger , Punta Herron , and Cerro Stanhardt . eos
is the highest in a four mountain chain : the other peaks are Torre Egger , Punta Herron , and Cerro Stanhardt . eos
( from Spanish , meaning Hill of the Star ) is a small mountain associated with several pre - Columbian Mesoamerican archaeological sites , located in southeastern Central Mexico 's Valley of Mexico . The site is contained within the urban sprawl of present - day Mexico City , in the Iztapalapa delegación ( borough ) of the Mexican Federal District . One of the sites is a 1,500 year old pyramid structure associated with the Classic - era Teotihuacano culture , which is located underneath a Roman Catholic religious site from the Colonial period . eos
is the Aztec New Fire temple . Cerro_de_la_Estrella was known as ` ` Huixachtepetl '' ( ` ` hill of the huisache '' ) in Aztec times . In the Aztec calendrical renewal ceremony known as the ` ` New fire ceremony '' priests observed the heavens from this temple every 52 years to determine if the world would be destroyed by the gods or saved for another 52 years . eos
was known as ` ` Huixachtepetl '' ( ` ` hill of the huisache '' ) in Aztec times . In the Aztec calendrical renewal ceremony known as the ` ` New fire ceremony '' priests observed the heavens from this temple every 52 years to determine if the world would be destroyed by the gods or saved for another 52 years . If the world was not to be destroyed , priests carried out a sacrifice and lit a new fire which was then carried to all towns in the Aztec Empire . eos
is the second highest peak in Costa Rica . Cerro_de_la_Muerte name means ` ` Mountain of Death '' , since in the past crossing the mountains from the Valle Central meant a three or four day journey , on foot or on horseback , and many ill - prepared travelers succumbed to the cold and rain . However , Cerro_de_la_Muerte is now easily accessible since the Pan - American Highway runs close by . eos
name means ` ` Mountain of Death '' , since in the past crossing the mountains from the Valle Central meant a three or four day journey , on foot or on horseback , and many ill - prepared travelers succumbed to the cold and rain . However , Cerro_de_la_Muerte is now easily accessible since the Pan - American Highway runs close by . The drivable track from the highway leads to the summit , with its cluster of telecommunications aerials . eos
is now easily accessible since the Pan - American Highway runs close by . The drivable track from the highway leads to the summit , with its cluster of telecommunications aerials . At this altitude , overnight temperatures can dip close to freezing , but the sun soon raises the temperatures in the morning , with a high risk of sunburn in the thin clear air . eos
is in Talamanca range , which extends from eastern Costa Rica into neighbouring western Panama . This range was a volcanic island in the geological past , and its separation from other mountain ranges means that it has developed many endemic species of animals and plants , often with affinities to Andean forms . The higher areas are páramo habitat , with stunted shrubs , dwarf bamboo , and tree ferns , and smaller plants like blueberry , gooseberry and lady 's slipper . eos
are endemic to the Talamanca range . These include Fiery - throated Hummingbird , Timberline Wren , Sooty Robin , Black - billed Nightingale - Thrush , Peg - billed Finch and Volcano Junco . eos
( English : Saddle Hill ) , named for Cerro_de_la_Silla distinctive saddle - shaped profile when viewed from the west , is a famous symbol of the landscape of the state of Nuevo León , Mexico . Even though Cerro_de_la_Silla is located in the adjacent city of Guadalupe , Cerro_de_la_Silla is widely associated to the city of Monterrey , Mexico . eos
distinctive saddle - shaped profile when viewed from the west , is a famous symbol of the landscape of the state of Nuevo León , Mexico . Even though Cerro_de_la_Silla is located in the adjacent city of Guadalupe , Cerro_de_la_Silla is widely associated to the city of Monterrey , Mexico . Cerro_de_la_Silla covers an area of 60.5 square kilometres ( 23 mi ² ) . eos
is located in the adjacent city of Guadalupe , Cerro_de_la_Silla is widely associated to the city of Monterrey , Mexico . Cerro_de_la_Silla covers an area of 60.5 square kilometres ( 23 mi ² ) . Cerro_de_la_Silla has four peaks : Pico Antena , Pico Norte , Pico Sur and Pico la Virgen ; Pico Norte ( North Peak ) eos
is widely associated to the city of Monterrey , Mexico . Cerro_de_la_Silla covers an area of 60.5 square kilometres ( 23 mi ² ) . Cerro_de_la_Silla has four peaks : Pico Antena , Pico Norte , Pico Sur and Pico la Virgen ; Pico Norte ( North Peak ) eos
covers an area of 60.5 square kilometres ( 23 mi ² ) . Cerro_de_la_Silla has four peaks : Pico Antena , Pico Norte , Pico Sur and Pico la Virgen ; Pico Norte ( North Peak ) is the highest at 1820 m ( 5970 ft ) while Pico la Virgen ( Virgin 's Peak ) is the lowest at 1750 m ( 5740 ft ) . eos
has four peaks : Pico Antena , Pico Norte , Pico Sur and Pico la Virgen ; Pico Norte ( North Peak ) is the highest at 1820 m ( 5970 ft ) while Pico la Virgen ( Virgin 's Peak ) is the lowest at 1750 m ( 5740 ft ) . Set aside as a Natural Monument by the government of Mexico in 1991 , Cerro_de_la_Silla is a popular recreational area and Cerro_de_la_Silla is often climbed by hikers who take a 2.5 km ( 1.6 mi ) trail to reach the top . eos
is a popular recreational area and Cerro_de_la_Silla is often climbed by hikers who take a 2.5 km ( 1.6 mi ) trail to reach the top . The ascent is considered fairly difficult , requiring approximately 3 hours to complete . A panoramic view of the city of Monterrey can be seen from the top . eos
is often climbed by hikers who take a 2.5 km ( 1.6 mi ) trail to reach the top . The ascent is considered fairly difficult , requiring approximately 3 hours to complete . A panoramic view of the city of Monterrey can be seen from the top . eos
for the population . Sadly , the day of its inauguration was also the day of its closure , as a tragic accident took the lives of five people , including the engineer Jesús Fernández , its designer . Several plans have been announced to rebuild another tramway with no results . eos
( or Chagragil , Chakar Aghil , Kingata Tagh "" or Kingata Tagh II , see below "" ) is a major mountain in Xinjiang , China . Chakragil is located about southwest of Kashgar , about due north of Muztagh Ata , and northwest of Kongur . Chakragil is in the subrange known as the Kingata Shan , at the extreme northwest end of the Kunlun Mountains , near the Pamir Mountains , and Chakragil is sometimes considered part of the latter . eos
is located about southwest of Kashgar , about due north of Muztagh Ata , and northwest of Kongur . Chakragil is in the subrange known as the Kingata Shan , at the extreme northwest end of the Kunlun Mountains , near the Pamir Mountains , and Chakragil is sometimes considered part of the latter . The Gez River flows just south of Chakragil . eos
is in the subrange known as the Kingata Shan , at the extreme northwest end of the Kunlun Mountains , near the Pamir Mountains , and Chakragil is sometimes considered part of the latter . The Gez River flows just south of Chakragil . Due to Chakragil remote location , Chakragil is a little - visited peak . eos
is sometimes considered part of the latter . The Gez River flows just south of Chakragil . Due to Chakragil remote location , Chakragil is a little - visited peak . eos
. Due to Chakragil remote location , Chakragil is a little - visited peak . Chakragil was attempted by the famed mountaineering pair of Eric Shipton and Bill Tilman in september , 1948 . eos
remote location , Chakragil is a little - visited peak . Chakragil was attempted by the famed mountaineering pair of Eric Shipton and Bill Tilman in september , 1948 . However they only reached a height of about 5,200 m ( 17,000 ft ) . eos
is a little - visited peak . Chakragil was attempted by the famed mountaineering pair of Eric Shipton and Bill Tilman in september , 1948 . However they only reached a height of about 5,200 m ( 17,000 ft ) . eos
was attempted by the famed mountaineering pair of Eric Shipton and Bill Tilman in september , 1948 . However they only reached a height of about 5,200 m ( 17,000 ft ) . On september 1 , 1988 , Japanese leader Misao Hirano , together with Minoru Hachisu and Kenji Nakayama , made the first ascent of Chakragil . eos
. Chakragil was climbed again in 2000 by Mark Newcomb , alone , via the west ridge . The Himalayan Index lists no other ascents or attempts . eos
was climbed again in 2000 by Mark Newcomb , alone , via the west ridge . The Himalayan Index lists no other ascents or attempts . Names of peaks and ranges in this area are often uncertain . eos
, the highest peak of the Kingata Shan . If this identification is incorrect ( in particular , Chakragil may actually be Kingata Tagh II ) , it is unclear what peak ( s ) were climbed in 1988 and 2001 , and it is unclear whether Chakragil has been climbed . eos
has been climbed . eos
is a mountain in the Nepalese Himalaya , near Makalu . eos
is a mountain in the central Drakensberg range , and Champagne_Castle is the second highest peak in South Africa . Champagne_Castle contains a series of subsidiary peaks , amongst them , Cathkin Peak ( 3149 m ) , Sterkhorn , Mount Memory , Monk 's Cowl and Dragon 's Back . eos
is the second highest peak in South Africa . Champagne_Castle contains a series of subsidiary peaks , amongst them , Cathkin Peak ( 3149 m ) , Sterkhorn , Mount Memory , Monk 's Cowl and Dragon 's Back . eos
contains a series of subsidiary peaks , amongst them , Cathkin Peak ( 3149 m ) , Sterkhorn , Mount Memory , Monk 's Cowl and Dragon 's Back . eos
( Tibetan : ` ` north peak '' ) is a mountain situated between the Main Rongbuk and East Rongbuk Glaciers in Tibet immediately north of Mount Everest . Changtse is connected to Mount Everest via the North Col . The given elevation of 7,543 metres is from modern Chinese mapping . eos
is connected to Mount Everest via the North Col . The given elevation of 7,543 metres is from modern Chinese mapping . Some authorities give 7,583 metres . eos
, often called Mount Cheaha , is the highest point in the US state of Alabama . Cheaha_Mountain is located a few miles northeast of Talladega in scenic Cheaha State Park , which contains a lodge , restaurant , and other amenities . The highest point is marked with a USGS marker ( photo below ) in front of Bunker Tower , a stone Civilian Conservation Corps building with an observation deck on top . eos
is located a few miles northeast of Talladega in scenic Cheaha State Park , which contains a lodge , restaurant , and other amenities . The highest point is marked with a USGS marker ( photo below ) in front of Bunker Tower , a stone Civilian Conservation Corps building with an observation deck on top . Near the peak is Bald Rock , which was recently improved with a wheelchair - accessible wooden walkway that provides an impressive overlook of the surrounding region . eos
is part of the Talladega Mountains , a final southern segment of the Blue Ridge , unlike other elevations of the Appalachians in north Alabama , which are part of the Cumberland Plateau . Cheaha_Mountain is a host to several commercial and public service transmitters . These transmitters , along with sundry structures dating back to commercial schemes by the State of Alabama in the Seventies , stand in stark contrast to the surrounding natural environment . eos
is a host to several commercial and public service transmitters . These transmitters , along with sundry structures dating back to commercial schemes by the State of Alabama in the Seventies , stand in stark contrast to the surrounding natural environment . The Calhoun County Amateur Radio Association has a repeater near the peak and Alabama Public Television has its transmitter for WCIQ TV ( and digital DTV 52 ) . eos
. Cheaha_Mountain was opened to the public as a state park on june 7 , 1939 . eos
was opened to the public as a state park on june 7 , 1939 . eos
is located in the US state of Montana on the eastern border of Glacier National Park and the Blackfeet Indian Reservation . Chief_Mountain is one of the most prominent peaks along the Rocky Mountain Front , a 200 mile ( 321 km ) long overthrust fault , known as the Lewis Overthrust , which extends from central Montana into southern Alberta , Canada . Chief_Mountain is easily seen from Montana and Alberta due to the rapid 5,000 foot ( 1,524 m ) altitude gain over the Great Plains which are immediately east of Chief_Mountain . eos
is one of the most prominent peaks along the Rocky Mountain Front , a 200 mile ( 321 km ) long overthrust fault , known as the Lewis Overthrust , which extends from central Montana into southern Alberta , Canada . Chief_Mountain is easily seen from Montana and Alberta due to the rapid 5,000 foot ( 1,524 m ) altitude gain over the Great Plains which are immediately east of Chief_Mountain . Chief_Mountain has been a sacred mountain to Native American tribes for hundreds of years . eos
is easily seen from Montana and Alberta due to the rapid 5,000 foot ( 1,524 m ) altitude gain over the Great Plains which are immediately east of Chief_Mountain . Chief_Mountain has been a sacred mountain to Native American tribes for hundreds of years . Chief_Mountain was seen by white explorers in the late 1700s and Chief_Mountain was known as ` ` Kings Peak '' on maps produced in the United Kingdom in 1795 . eos
. Chief_Mountain has been a sacred mountain to Native American tribes for hundreds of years . Chief_Mountain was seen by white explorers in the late 1700s and Chief_Mountain was known as ` ` Kings Peak '' on maps produced in the United Kingdom in 1795 . eos
has been a sacred mountain to Native American tribes for hundreds of years . Chief_Mountain was seen by white explorers in the late 1700s and Chief_Mountain was known as ` ` Kings Peak '' on maps produced in the United Kingdom in 1795 . Meriwether Lewis , coleader of the Lewis and Clark Expedition , saw Chief_Mountain in 1805 and called Chief_Mountain ` ` Tower Mountain '' . eos
was seen by white explorers in the late 1700s and Chief_Mountain was known as ` ` Kings Peak '' on maps produced in the United Kingdom in 1795 . Meriwether Lewis , coleader of the Lewis and Clark Expedition , saw Chief_Mountain in 1805 and called Chief_Mountain ` ` Tower Mountain '' . The name was changed in the late 1800s in reflection of Blackfeet naming of Chief_Mountain which was ` ` Great Chief '' . eos
was known as ` ` Kings Peak '' on maps produced in the United Kingdom in 1795 . Meriwether Lewis , coleader of the Lewis and Clark Expedition , saw Chief_Mountain in 1805 and called Chief_Mountain ` ` Tower Mountain '' . The name was changed in the late 1800s in reflection of Blackfeet naming of Chief_Mountain which was ` ` Great Chief '' . eos
in 1805 and called Chief_Mountain ` ` Tower Mountain '' . The name was changed in the late 1800s in reflection of Blackfeet naming of Chief_Mountain which was ` ` Great Chief '' . When Glacier National Park was created in 1910 , the summit and most prominent eastern slopes of Chief_Mountain were located within the park , leaving only the lower slopes within Blackfeet jurisdiction . eos
` ` Tower Mountain '' . The name was changed in the late 1800s in reflection of Blackfeet naming of Chief_Mountain which was ` ` Great Chief '' . When Glacier National Park was created in 1910 , the summit and most prominent eastern slopes of Chief_Mountain were located within the park , leaving only the lower slopes within Blackfeet jurisdiction . eos
which was ` ` Great Chief '' . When Glacier National Park was created in 1910 , the summit and most prominent eastern slopes of Chief_Mountain were located within the park , leaving only the lower slopes within Blackfeet jurisdiction . The eastern face of Chief_Mountain rises over 1,500 vertical feet ( 457 m ) and the easiest route on this section is rated class 4 by mountaineers . eos
were located within the park , leaving only the lower slopes within Blackfeet jurisdiction . The eastern face of Chief_Mountain rises over 1,500 vertical feet ( 457 m ) and the easiest route on this section is rated class 4 by mountaineers . The rock is also primarily sedimentary and provides poor anchor points , which in turn is a contributing factor to the difficulty rating . eos
rises over 1,500 vertical feet ( 457 m ) and the easiest route on this section is rated class 4 by mountaineers . The rock is also primarily sedimentary and provides poor anchor points , which in turn is a contributing factor to the difficulty rating . Henry Stimson and two other explorers , including a Blackfeet Indian , climbed the difficult eastern face on september 8 , 1892 , and this is the first known ascent of Chief_Mountain by white explorers . eos
by white explorers . Upon the summit , Stimson 's party observed ceremonial remains including bison skulls that had been left behind by Native Americans . The eastern face of Chief_Mountain was n't successfully climbed again until 1951 . eos
was n't successfully climbed again until 1951 . Though the summit can be gained by approaching from the west , the easiest access is from the east , and the Blackfeet tribe issues camping and access permits to cross reservation lands . National Park Service visitor centers at St. Mary , Montana and at Many Glacier have additional information available . eos
is a volcano in the north of the Cordillera Occidental of Ecuador . eos
( ) is Ecuador 's highest summit . Chimborazo_volcano last eruption is thought to have occurred some time in the first millennium CE . eos
last eruption is thought to have occurred some time in the first millennium CE . Chimborazo_volcano summit is generally regarded as the spot on the surface farthest from the center of the Earth , measuring from the Earth 's core to the peak . eos
summit is generally regarded as the spot on the surface farthest from the center of the Earth , measuring from the Earth 's core to the peak . eos
is a mountain in the Khumbu region of eastern Nepal . Southern neighbors include Num Ri and Baruntse while Imja Tse ( a popular trekking peak ) lies immediately to the west . The first ascent was made by Olaf Rieck , Dieter Rülker , Markus Walter and Günter on november 12 , 1999 by the north face . eos
, sometimes known as ` ` the bride of Kangchenjunga '' , is a mountain in the Himalayas , straddling the border between Yadong County of Tibet and the Paro district of Bhutan . Chomolhari is sacred to Tibetan Buddhists who make an annual pilgrimage from Phari Dzong to the holy lake Chomo Lharang at c 5100 m just north of Chomolhari . The north face rises over 2700 metres ( 9,000 ft ) above the barren plains . eos
is sacred to Tibetan Buddhists who make an annual pilgrimage from Phari Dzong to the holy lake Chomo Lharang at c 5100 m just north of Chomolhari . The north face rises over 2700 metres ( 9,000 ft ) above the barren plains . Despite Chomolhari notability and spectacular visibility from the major trade route from India into Tibet 's Phari Valley , Chomolhari has seen very little climbing activity , probably because of access restrictions on the Bhutanese side and the difficulty of the routes from the Tibetan site . eos
. The north face rises over 2700 metres ( 9,000 ft ) above the barren plains . Despite Chomolhari notability and spectacular visibility from the major trade route from India into Tibet 's Phari Valley , Chomolhari has seen very little climbing activity , probably because of access restrictions on the Bhutanese side and the difficulty of the routes from the Tibetan site . eos
notability and spectacular visibility from the major trade route from India into Tibet 's Phari Valley , Chomolhari has seen very little climbing activity , probably because of access restrictions on the Bhutanese side and the difficulty of the routes from the Tibetan site . The first ascent was made in May 1937 by a five - man British expedition , with F Spencer Chapman and Sherpa Pasang Dawa Lama reaching the summit from Bhutan over the south - east spur . The second ascent was in 1970 over the same route by a joint Bhutanese - Indian military expedition led by Colonel Narendra Kumar . eos
has seen very little climbing activity , probably because of access restrictions on the Bhutanese side and the difficulty of the routes from the Tibetan site . The first ascent was made in May 1937 by a five - man British expedition , with F Spencer Chapman and Sherpa Pasang Dawa Lama reaching the summit from Bhutan over the south - east spur . The second ascent was in 1970 over the same route by a joint Bhutanese - Indian military expedition led by Colonel Narendra Kumar . eos
, Chomolhari official elevation is very close to a round 24,000 feet , has ever been accurately measured . Chomolhari true elevation may be nearer to 7,000 metres . eos
official elevation is very close to a round 24,000 feet , has ever been accurately measured . Chomolhari true elevation may be nearer to 7,000 metres . eos
true elevation may be nearer to 7,000 metres . eos
is a peak in the Himalaya range of the Northern Areas of Pakistan . Chongra_Peak is one of the many subsidiary summits of the Nanga Parbat massif . Chongra_Peak lies just south of the Indus River , in the Northern Areas of Pakistan . eos
is one of the many subsidiary summits of the Nanga Parbat massif . Chongra_Peak lies just south of the Indus River , in the Northern Areas of Pakistan . Not far to the north is the western end of the Karakoram range . eos
lies just south of the Indus River , in the Northern Areas of Pakistan . Not far to the north is the western end of the Karakoram range . eos
is one of the highest mountains in the Boundary Ranges , a group of subranges of the northern Pacific Coast Range of British Columbia and Alaska . Chutine_Peak lies just east of the Stikine Icecap , and west of the Stikine River . Chutine_Peak is notable for Chutine_Peak huge west face : the drop to Chutine Lake is 2,600 m ( 8,530 feet ) in 3.5 km ( 2.2 miles ) . eos
lies just east of the Stikine Icecap , and west of the Stikine River . Chutine_Peak is notable for Chutine_Peak huge west face : the drop to Chutine Lake is 2,600 m ( 8,530 feet ) in 3.5 km ( 2.2 miles ) . Due to Chutine_Peak remoteness , however , Chutine_Peak is rarely visited . eos
is notable for Chutine_Peak huge west face : the drop to Chutine Lake is 2,600 m ( 8,530 feet ) in 3.5 km ( 2.2 miles ) . Due to Chutine_Peak remoteness , however , Chutine_Peak is rarely visited . eos
huge west face : the drop to Chutine Lake is 2,600 m ( 8,530 feet ) in 3.5 km ( 2.2 miles ) . Due to Chutine_Peak remoteness , however , Chutine_Peak is rarely visited . eos
remoteness , however , Chutine_Peak is rarely visited . eos
is rarely visited . eos
is the highest peak within the Big Horn Mountains in the US state of Wyoming . Cloud_Peak rises to an elevation of 13,167 feet ( 4,013 m ) and Cloud_Peak provides onlookers with dramatic views and vistas . Cloud_Peak can be climbed most easily from the western side . eos
rises to an elevation of 13,167 feet ( 4,013 m ) and Cloud_Peak provides onlookers with dramatic views and vistas . Cloud_Peak can be climbed most easily from the western side . Cloud_Peak is located in the 189,000 acre ( 765 km ² ) Cloud Peak Wilderness within Bighorn National Forest . eos
provides onlookers with dramatic views and vistas . Cloud_Peak can be climbed most easily from the western side . Cloud_Peak is located in the 189,000 acre ( 765 km ² ) Cloud Peak Wilderness within Bighorn National Forest . eos
can be climbed most easily from the western side . Cloud_Peak is located in the 189,000 acre ( 765 km ² ) Cloud Peak Wilderness within Bighorn National Forest . The northeast slope of Cloud_Peak is a deep cirque which harbors Cloud Peak Glacier , the last active glacier in the Bighorn Mountains . eos
is located in the 189,000 acre ( 765 km ² ) Cloud Peak Wilderness within Bighorn National Forest . The northeast slope of Cloud_Peak is a deep cirque which harbors Cloud Peak Glacier , the last active glacier in the Bighorn Mountains . Cloud_Peak is on the border between Johnson County and Big Horn County in Wyoming and Cloud_Peak eos
is a deep cirque which harbors Cloud Peak Glacier , the last active glacier in the Bighorn Mountains . Cloud_Peak is on the border between Johnson County and Big Horn County in Wyoming and Cloud_Peak is the high point of both counties . eos
is on the border between Johnson County and Big Horn County in Wyoming and Cloud_Peak is the high point of both counties . As the high point of an isolated range , Cloud_Peak has a particularly high topographic prominence of 7,067 ft ( 2,154 m ) . eos
is the high point of both counties . As the high point of an isolated range , Cloud_Peak has a particularly high topographic prominence of 7,067 ft ( 2,154 m ) . eos
has a particularly high topographic prominence of 7,067 ft ( 2,154 m ) . In fact , Cloud_Peak has the second greatest topographic prominence in Wyoming , only barely beaten by Gannett Peak , and the sixteenth highest topographic prominence in the contiguous United States . eos
has the second greatest topographic prominence in Wyoming , only barely beaten by Gannett Peak , and the sixteenth highest topographic prominence in the contiguous United States . eos
is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , immediately southeast of Grand Teton . Cloudveil_Dome is in the central portions of the range , immediately east of South Teton and Cloudveil_Dome is sometimes considered to be part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group . Cloudveil_Dome rises to the south of Garnet Canyon . eos
is in the central portions of the range , immediately east of South Teton and Cloudveil_Dome is sometimes considered to be part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group . Cloudveil_Dome rises to the south of Garnet Canyon . Cloudveil_Dome has a variety of mountaineering routes and since Cloudveil_Dome is near to more popular climbing zones , Cloudveil_Dome is often overlooked . eos
is sometimes considered to be part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group . Cloudveil_Dome rises to the south of Garnet Canyon . Cloudveil_Dome has a variety of mountaineering routes and since Cloudveil_Dome is near to more popular climbing zones , Cloudveil_Dome is often overlooked . eos
rises to the south of Garnet Canyon . Cloudveil_Dome has a variety of mountaineering routes and since Cloudveil_Dome is near to more popular climbing zones , Cloudveil_Dome is often overlooked . eos
has a variety of mountaineering routes and since Cloudveil_Dome is near to more popular climbing zones , Cloudveil_Dome is often overlooked . eos
is near to more popular climbing zones , Cloudveil_Dome is often overlooked . eos
is often overlooked . eos
is the most active volcano in Mexico , and Colima_volcano has erupted more than 40 times since 1576 . Despite Colima_volcano name , only a fraction of Colima_volcano surface area is contained within the state of Colima ; the majority of Colima_volcano surface area lies just over the border in the neighboring state of Jalisco , toward the western end of the Eje Volcánico Transversal mountain range . Colima_volcano is about west of Mexico City and south of Guadalajara , Jalisco . eos
has erupted more than 40 times since 1576 . Despite Colima_volcano name , only a fraction of Colima_volcano surface area is contained within the state of Colima ; the majority of Colima_volcano surface area lies just over the border in the neighboring state of Jalisco , toward the western end of the Eje Volcánico Transversal mountain range . Colima_volcano is about west of Mexico City and south of Guadalajara , Jalisco . eos
name , only a fraction of Colima_volcano surface area is contained within the state of Colima ; the majority of Colima_volcano surface area lies just over the border in the neighboring state of Jalisco , toward the western end of the Eje Volcánico Transversal mountain range . Colima_volcano is about west of Mexico City and south of Guadalajara , Jalisco . There are actually two peaks in the volcano complex : eos
surface area is contained within the state of Colima ; the majority of Colima_volcano surface area lies just over the border in the neighboring state of Jalisco , toward the western end of the Eje Volcánico Transversal mountain range . Colima_volcano is about west of Mexico City and south of Guadalajara , Jalisco . There are actually two peaks in the volcano complex : eos
surface area lies just over the border in the neighboring state of Jalisco , toward the western end of the Eje Volcánico Transversal mountain range . Colima_volcano is about west of Mexico City and south of Guadalajara , Jalisco . There are actually two peaks in the volcano complex : eos
is about west of Mexico City and south of Guadalajara , Jalisco . There are actually two peaks in the volcano complex : Nevado de Colima ( 4330 metres ) , which is older and inactive , lies about 5 kilometres north of Colima_volcano ( also called Volcán de Fuego de Colima ) . eos
( also called Volcán de Fuego de Colima ) . Since 1869 - 1878 , a parasitic set of domes , collectively known as El Volcancito , have formed on the northeast flank of the main cone of Colima_volcano . eos
. eos
is a mountain in the western Pyrenees of Huesca , situated on the east side of the Aragon Valley near the towns of Villanúa ( to the south ) and Canfranc ( to the west ) . Collarada is 2,886 meters AMSL high . A great view of Collarada can be obtained from Larres , a village that gained life again after its castle dated XIV century got restaured by the ` ` Amigos del Serrablo '' . eos
is 2,886 meters AMSL high . A great view of Collarada can be obtained from Larres , a village that gained life again after its castle dated XIV century got restaured by the ` ` Amigos del Serrablo '' . eos
can be obtained from Larres , a village that gained life again after its castle dated XIV century got restaured by the ` ` Amigos del Serrablo '' . eos
is a mountain in Banff National Park , 20 km north of the town of Banff . Copper_Mountain_Alberta was named in 1884 by George M Dawson after he had climbed to a mining site setup by Joe Healy and JS Dennis in 1881 . Healy and Dennis claimed they had found a copper deposit at the site . eos
was named in 1884 by George M Dawson after he had climbed to a mining site setup by Joe Healy and JS Dennis in 1881 . Healy and Dennis claimed they had found a copper deposit at the site . It was also at this point that Dawson spotted and named Mount Assiniboine . eos
is located on the western side of the Trans - Canada Highway , just northeast of Redearth Creek . Copper_Mountain_Alberta is named ` ` copper '' Mountain because Copper_Mountain_Alberta is theorized to house a nearly infinite supply of copper . eos
is named ` ` copper '' Mountain because Copper_Mountain_Alberta is theorized to house a nearly infinite supply of copper . eos
is theorized to house a nearly infinite supply of copper . eos
( Spanish : heart ) , is a dormant , eroded volcano of Ecuador . Corazon is situated about 30 km southwest of Quito in the western slopes of the Andes . eos
is situated about 30 km southwest of Quito in the western slopes of the Andes . eos
is part of the Gran Sasso massif , and Corno_Grande is the highest peak in the Apennine Mountains and the highest on the Italian Peninsula , at 2,912 m above sea level . Corno_Grande northern corrie holds Europe 's southernmost glacier , Calderone glacier ( Ghiacciaio del Calderone ) . The first recorded ascent of Corno_Grande was made in 1573 by the Bolognese captain Francesco De eos
is the highest peak in the Apennine Mountains and the highest on the Italian Peninsula , at 2,912 m above sea level . Corno_Grande northern corrie holds Europe 's southernmost glacier , Calderone glacier ( Ghiacciaio del Calderone ) . The first recorded ascent of Corno_Grande was made in 1573 by the Bolognese captain Francesco De eos
northern corrie holds Europe 's southernmost glacier , Calderone glacier ( Ghiacciaio del Calderone ) . The first recorded ascent of Corno_Grande was made in 1573 by the Bolognese captain Francesco De marchi together with Francesco Di Domenico . eos
was made in 1573 by the Bolognese captain Francesco De marchi together with Francesco Di Domenico . The usual route of ascent is via the western ridge , although a number of other routes exist including one that ascends the southern face . eos
is the largest and highest volcano in Peru , attaining an impressive elevation of 6,377 metres ( 20,922 ft ) ( some maps show Coropuna as high as 6,425 metres ( 21,079 ft ) ) . Coropuna is located about 150 km northwest of Arequipa , the second largest city in Peru . eos
as high as 6,425 metres ( 21,079 ft ) ) . Coropuna is located about 150 km northwest of Arequipa , the second largest city in Peru . Coropuna has a summit plateau which extends over 12 x 20 km ( 8 x 13 mi ) , with six separate summit cones rising above it . eos
is located about 150 km northwest of Arequipa , the second largest city in Peru . Coropuna has a summit plateau which extends over 12 x 20 km ( 8 x 13 mi ) , with six separate summit cones rising above it . The true summit is at the northwest end of the plateau , although the southwest summit may be equal or greater in height depending on the depth of seasonal snow . eos
has a summit plateau which extends over 12 x 20 km ( 8 x 13 mi ) , with six separate summit cones rising above it . The true summit is at the northwest end of the plateau , although the southwest summit may be equal or greater in height depending on the depth of seasonal snow . A permanent ice cap of about 130 square kilometres ( 50 sq mi ) in area covers the summit region , extending down to roughly 5,300 metres ( 17,400 ft ) on the north side and 4,800 metres ( 15,700 ft ) on the south . eos
is a stratovolcano in the Andes , located about 75 kilometres ( 50 mi ) south of Quito , Ecuador . Cotopaxi is part of the chain of volcanoes around the Pacific plate known as the Pacific Ring of Fire . Cotopaxi is one of the highest active volcanoes in the world . eos
is part of the chain of volcanoes around the Pacific plate known as the Pacific Ring of Fire . Cotopaxi is one of the highest active volcanoes in the world . However , claims that Cotopaxi is the highest active volcano in the world are incorrect . eos
is one of the highest active volcanoes in the world . However , claims that Cotopaxi is the highest active volcano in the world are incorrect . Llullaillaco volcano is considerably higher and is definitely in an active phase , having erupted as recently as 1877 . eos
is the highest active volcano in the world are incorrect . Llullaillaco volcano is considerably higher and is definitely in an active phase , having erupted as recently as 1877 . Ojos del Salado is higher still , and there are indications near its summit of recent activity , although its remoteness precludes a definitive statement as to whether it is currently active . eos
since 1738 . Numerous valleys formed by powerful lahars ( mudflows ) surround the volcano . This poses a high risk to the local population , their settlements and fields . eos
erupted and Cotopaxi put an end to the fighting as both fled from the battlefield . Cotopaxi most violent eruptions in historical times occurred in the years 1744 , 1768 , and 1877 . In the 1877 eruption pyroclastic flows descended all sides of Cotopaxi , with lahars traveling more than 100 km into the Pacific Ocean and western Amazon basin draining the valley . eos
put an end to the fighting as both fled from the battlefield . Cotopaxi most violent eruptions in historical times occurred in the years 1744 , 1768 , and 1877 . In the 1877 eruption pyroclastic flows descended all sides of Cotopaxi , with lahars traveling more than 100 km into the Pacific Ocean and western Amazon basin draining the valley . eos
most violent eruptions in historical times occurred in the years 1744 , 1768 , and 1877 . In the 1877 eruption pyroclastic flows descended all sides of Cotopaxi , with lahars traveling more than 100 km into the Pacific Ocean and western Amazon basin draining the valley . There was a major eruption in 1903 through 1904 , and some minor activity in 1942 as well as 1975 eos
, with lahars traveling more than 100 km into the Pacific Ocean and western Amazon basin draining the valley . There was a major eruption in 1903 through 1904 , and some minor activity in 1942 as well as 1975 but it did not produce any major events . eos
started to melt . The main danger of a huge eruption of Cotopaxi would be the flow of ice from Cotopaxi glacier . If there were to be a very large explosion , it would destroy most of the settlements within the valley in the suburban area of Quito ( pop . more than 1,000,000 ) . eos
would be the flow of ice from Cotopaxi glacier . If there were to be a very large explosion , it would destroy most of the settlements within the valley in the suburban area of Quito ( pop . more than 1,000,000 ) . Another city which would be in great danger is Latacunga which is located in the south valley . eos
glacier . If there were to be a very large explosion , it would destroy most of the settlements within the valley in the suburban area of Quito ( pop . more than 1,000,000 ) . Another city which would be in great danger is Latacunga which is located in the south valley . eos
is the subject of 1855 and 1862 paintings by Frederic Edwin Church . eos
is a distinctive mountain in the Cradle Mountain - Lake St Clair National Park , Tasmania , Australia . Rising to 1,545 metres above sea level Cradle_Mountain is one of the principal tourist sites in Tasmania , owing to Cradle_Mountain natural beauty . Cradle_Mountain is composed of dolerite columns , similar to many of the other mountains in the area . eos
is one of the principal tourist sites in Tasmania , owing to Cradle_Mountain natural beauty . Cradle_Mountain is composed of dolerite columns , similar to many of the other mountains in the area . The area around Cradle_Mountain has a large number of day walks , as well as being one terminus of the Overland Track . eos
natural beauty . Cradle_Mountain is composed of dolerite columns , similar to many of the other mountains in the area . The area around Cradle_Mountain has a large number of day walks , as well as being one terminus of the Overland Track . eos
is composed of dolerite columns , similar to many of the other mountains in the area . The area around Cradle_Mountain has a large number of day walks , as well as being one terminus of the Overland Track . Cradle_Mountain is climbed very regularly by tourists , and Cradle_Mountain can be climbed virtually year round . eos
has a large number of day walks , as well as being one terminus of the Overland Track . Cradle_Mountain is climbed very regularly by tourists , and Cradle_Mountain can be climbed virtually year round . It is a strenuous 6.5 hour return climb from the Dove Lake car park . eos
is climbed very regularly by tourists , and Cradle_Mountain can be climbed virtually year round . It is a strenuous 6.5 hour return climb from the Dove Lake car park . The climb up the rocky part of Cradle_Mountain involves scrambling over large boulders for 2 hours . eos
can be climbed virtually year round . It is a strenuous 6.5 hour return climb from the Dove Lake car park . The climb up the rocky part of Cradle_Mountain involves scrambling over large boulders for 2 hours . eos
involves scrambling over large boulders for 2 hours . The entire climb is exposed to any bad weather which may arrive at any time . From the summit , ( where there was a trig point tower ) eos
rises above the glacial formed Lake Dove ( 934 m ) , Lake Wilks , and Crater Lake . Cradle_Mountain has a four named summits . In order of height they are Cradle Mountain ( 1,545 m ( 5,069 ft ) ) , Smithies Peak ( 1,545 m ( 5,069 ft ) ) , Weindorfers Tower ( 1,459 metres ( 4,787 ft ) ) and Little Horn ( 1,355 m ( 4,446 ft ) ) . eos
has a four named summits . In order of height they are Cradle Mountain ( 1,545 m ( 5,069 ft ) ) , Smithies Peak ( 1,545 m ( 5,069 ft ) ) , Weindorfers Tower ( 1,459 metres ( 4,787 ft ) ) and Little Horn ( 1,355 m ( 4,446 ft ) ) . eos
is one of the fourteeners of Colorado , in the heart of the Sangre de Cristo Range . Crestone_Needle is part of a group of four fourteeners known as ` ` the Crestones '' , headed by Crestone Peak ( 0.6 miles/1 km northwest of Crestone_Needle ) and also including Kit Carson Mountain and Humboldt Peak . While not as high as Crestone Peak , and connected to it by a high , jagged ridge , Crestone_Needle is regarded as a worthy climb in Crestone_Needle own right . eos
is part of a group of four fourteeners known as ` ` the Crestones '' , headed by Crestone Peak ( 0.6 miles/1 km northwest of Crestone_Needle ) and also including Kit Carson Mountain and Humboldt Peak . While not as high as Crestone Peak , and connected to it by a high , jagged ridge , Crestone_Needle is regarded as a worthy climb in Crestone_Needle own right . The easiest route is the South Face ( or South Couloir ) , usually accessed via Broken Hand Pass from South Colony Lakes . eos
) and also including Kit Carson Mountain and Humboldt Peak . While not as high as Crestone Peak , and connected to it by a high , jagged ridge , Crestone_Needle is regarded as a worthy climb in Crestone_Needle own right . The easiest route is the South Face ( or South Couloir ) , usually accessed via Broken Hand Pass from South Colony Lakes . eos
is regarded as a worthy climb in Crestone_Needle own right . The easiest route is the South Face ( or South Couloir ) , usually accessed via Broken Hand Pass from South Colony Lakes . This is an exposed scramble with a few tricky moves , and is one of the more difficult standard routes among the Colorado fourteeners . eos
own right . The easiest route is the South Face ( or South Couloir ) , usually accessed via Broken Hand Pass from South Colony Lakes . This is an exposed scramble with a few tricky moves , and is one of the more difficult standard routes among the Colorado fourteeners . eos
is the Ellingwood Arete , also known as the Ellingwood Ledges Route . This is a steep ridge on the northeast side of Crestone_Needle , leading directly up from the Upper South Colony Lake basin to the summit . It is a mildly technical rock climb ( 5.7 on the Yosemite Decimal Scale ) . eos
, leading directly up from the Upper South Colony Lake basin to the summit . It is a mildly technical rock climb ( 5.7 on the Yosemite Decimal Scale ) . It is particularly popular because of its inclusion in the well - known book Fifty Classic Climbs of North America by Steve Roper and Allen Steck . eos
is the seventh highest peak in the US state of Colorado . Crestone_Peak is the second highest peak in the Sangre de Cristo Range after Blanca Peak . Crestone_Peak rises in the Sangre de Cristo Wilderness above the east side of the San Luis Valley along the boundary between Saguache and Custer counties , approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) eos
is the second highest peak in the Sangre de Cristo Range after Blanca Peak . Crestone_Peak rises in the Sangre de Cristo Wilderness above the east side of the San Luis Valley along the boundary between Saguache and Custer counties , approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) east of the town of Crestone . eos
rises in the Sangre de Cristo Wilderness above the east side of the San Luis Valley along the boundary between Saguache and Custer counties , approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) east of the town of Crestone . Crestone_Peak shares Crestone_Peak name with the nearby Crestone Needle , another fourteener of the Sangre de Cristo Range . eos
shares Crestone_Peak name with the nearby Crestone Needle , another fourteener of the Sangre de Cristo Range . The high peaks of Crestone_Peak , Crestone Needle , Kit Carson Mountain , and Humboldt Peak are often referred to collectively as the Crestones . eos
name with the nearby Crestone Needle , another fourteener of the Sangre de Cristo Range . The high peaks of Crestone_Peak , Crestone Needle , Kit Carson Mountain , and Humboldt Peak are often referred to collectively as the Crestones . eos
, Crestone Needle , Kit Carson Mountain , and Humboldt Peak are often referred to collectively as the Crestones . eos
is the highest point in the Pennine hills of Northern England . Cross_Fell is also the highest point in England outside of the Lake District . The summit is a stony plateau being part of a 20 km long ridge running North West to South East , which also incorporates Little Dun Fell ( 842 m ) and Great Dun Fell ( 849 m ) . eos
is also the highest point in England outside of the Lake District . The summit is a stony plateau being part of a 20 km long ridge running North West to South East , which also incorporates Little Dun Fell ( 842 m ) and Great Dun Fell ( 849 m ) . The three adjoining fells form an escarpment that rises steeply above the Eden Valley on its south western side and drops off more gently on its north eastern side towards the South Tyne and Tees Valleys . eos
. On a clear day there are excellent views from the summit across the Eden Valley to the mountains of the Lake District . On the northern side of Cross_Fell there are also fine views across the Solway Firth to the Southern Uplands of Scotland . eos
there are also fine views across the Solway Firth to the Southern Uplands of Scotland . Cross_Fell is prone to dense hill fog and fierce winds . A shrieking noise induced by the Helm Wind ( see below ) is a characteristic of the locality . eos
is prone to dense hill fog and fierce winds . A shrieking noise induced by the Helm Wind ( see below ) is a characteristic of the locality . Cross_Fell can be an inhospitable place for much of the year . eos
can be an inhospitable place for much of the year . In ancient times Cross_Fell was known as ` ` Fiends Fell '' and believed to be the haunt of evil spirits . It has been speculated that this last feature may be why Cross_Fell became known as Cross Fell ( ` cross ' meaning ` angry ' ) . eos
was known as ` ` Fiends Fell '' and believed to be the haunt of evil spirits . It has been speculated that this last feature may be why Cross_Fell became known as Cross Fell ( ` cross ' meaning ` angry ' ) . Another theory is that at some time a cross was placed at the summit in order to ward off the spirits . eos
became known as Cross Fell ( ` cross ' meaning ` angry ' ) . Another theory is that at some time a cross was placed at the summit in order to ward off the spirits . But the origin of the name is not known for sure . eos
, sometimes called Ellison Peak , is a mountain located in Strathcona Provincial Park on Vancouver Island in British Columbia . eos
is the highest peak of the Culebra Range , a subrange of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains in the United States . Culebra_Peak is the southernmost fourteener in Colorado . Culebra_Peak is also the only fourteener on private land . eos
is the southernmost fourteener in Colorado . Culebra_Peak is also the only fourteener on private land . Access is limited , and a fee ( currently $ 100 per person ) is charged to climb Culebra_Peak . eos
is also the only fourteener on private land . Access is limited , and a fee ( currently $ 100 per person ) is charged to climb Culebra_Peak . Ownership of and access to the land , both for recreational and other activities , have been controversial issues for many years , involving multiple lawsuits and even occasional violence . eos
. Ownership of and access to the land , both for recreational and other activities , have been controversial issues for many years , involving multiple lawsuits and even occasional violence . While Culebra_Peak is one of the lower fourteeners , Culebra_Peak is actually the fourth most topographically prominent peak in the state , due to Culebra_Peak separation from the other fourteeners by the relatively low La Veta Pass . eos
is one of the lower fourteeners , Culebra_Peak is actually the fourth most topographically prominent peak in the state , due to Culebra_Peak separation from the other fourteeners by the relatively low La Veta Pass . eos
is actually the fourth most topographically prominent peak in the state , due to Culebra_Peak separation from the other fourteeners by the relatively low La Veta Pass . eos
separation from the other fourteeners by the relatively low La Veta Pass . eos
is mountain in the Dinarides of Bosnia and Herzegovina , located in northern Herzegovina , most of Cvrsnica is located in the Herzegovina - Neretva Canton municipalities of East Mostar and Jablanica while the smaller part of Cvrsnica , around 10 % is located in the municipality to Posušje . The highest peak is 2228 metres . Cvrsnica is surrounded by the river Neretva from the east ( 20 km ) , its tributaries Doljanka ( 18 km ) from the north and Drežanka ( 19.8 km ) from the south , the Dugo Polje field ( 12 km ) and Vran mountain from west . eos
is located in the Herzegovina - Neretva Canton municipalities of East Mostar and Jablanica while the smaller part of Cvrsnica , around 10 % is located in the municipality to Posušje . The highest peak is 2228 metres . Cvrsnica is surrounded by the river Neretva from the east ( 20 km ) , its tributaries Doljanka ( 18 km ) from the north and Drežanka ( 19.8 km ) from the south , the Dugo Polje field ( 12 km ) and Vran mountain from west . eos
, around 10 % is located in the municipality to Posušje . The highest peak is 2228 metres . Cvrsnica is surrounded by the river Neretva from the east ( 20 km ) , its tributaries Doljanka ( 18 km ) from the north and Drežanka ( 19.8 km ) from the south , the Dugo Polje field ( 12 km ) and Vran mountain from west . eos
is surrounded by the river Neretva from the east ( 20 km ) , its tributaries Doljanka ( 18 km ) from the north and Drežanka ( 19.8 km ) from the south , the Dugo Polje field ( 12 km ) and Vran mountain from west . Cvrsnica consists of several plateaus - Plas and Muharnica on north , Mala Čvrsnica on south . There are more than ten summits above 2000 m ( Plocno 2228 m , Veliki Jelinak 2179 m , Veliki Vilinac 2118 m , etc . ) , vertical cliffs ( Pesti brdo , Mezica stijene , Strmenica ... ) . eos
consists of several plateaus - Plas and Muharnica on north , Mala Čvrsnica on south . There are more than ten summits above 2000 m ( Plocno 2228 m , Veliki Jelinak 2179 m , Veliki Vilinac 2118 m , etc . ) , vertical cliffs ( Pesti brdo , Mezica stijene , Strmenica ... ) . Cvrsnica also includes lakes of Blidinje , Crepulja and Crvenjak . eos
also includes lakes of Blidinje , Crepulja and Crvenjak . The Diva Grabovica canyon ( 6.2 km ) goes into Cvrsnica . Bio - life is characteristic of Cvrsnica three climate areas : eos
. Bio - life is characteristic of Cvrsnica three climate areas : conifers above 1200 m , plateau with grass and junipers ; numerous endemic species ( like Munika Pine ) . eos
three climate areas : conifers above 1200 m , plateau with grass and junipers ; numerous endemic species ( like Munika Pine ) . Cvrsnica is well known as a home of chamois . eos
is well known as a home of chamois . eos
( 3,630 m ) is the highest mountain in the Urner Alps in Switzerland . Dammastock summit ridge forms the border between the cantons of Uri and the Valais . Dammastock was first climbed by Albert Hoffmann - Burkhardt with guides Johann Fischer and Andreas von Weissenfluh on 28 july 1864 . eos
summit ridge forms the border between the cantons of Uri and the Valais . Dammastock was first climbed by Albert Hoffmann - Burkhardt with guides Johann Fischer and Andreas von Weissenfluh on 28 july 1864 . eos
was first climbed by Albert Hoffmann - Burkhardt with guides Johann Fischer and Andreas von Weissenfluh on 28 july 1864 . eos
is the highest point in the Tushar Mountains of south - central Utah . The Tushars are the third - highest range in the state , after the Uinta Mountains and the La Sal Range , though Delano_Peak is surpassed in height by at least thirty - one other Utah peaks . Delano_Peak is 12,169 feet ( 3,709 meters ) high , and Delano_Peak is snow - capped for much of the year . eos
is surpassed in height by at least thirty - one other Utah peaks . Delano_Peak is 12,169 feet ( 3,709 meters ) high , and Delano_Peak is snow - capped for much of the year . Located in the Fishlake National Forest , Delano_Peak is the highest point of both Beaver and Piute counties . eos
is 12,169 feet ( 3,709 meters ) high , and Delano_Peak is snow - capped for much of the year . Located in the Fishlake National Forest , Delano_Peak is the highest point of both Beaver and Piute counties . Delano_Peak is named for Columbus Delano ( 1809 - 1896 ) , Secretary of the Interior during the Grant administration . eos
is snow - capped for much of the year . Located in the Fishlake National Forest , Delano_Peak is the highest point of both Beaver and Piute counties . Delano_Peak is named for Columbus Delano ( 1809 - 1896 ) , Secretary of the Interior during the Grant administration . eos
is the highest point of both Beaver and Piute counties . Delano_Peak is named for Columbus Delano ( 1809 - 1896 ) , Secretary of the Interior during the Grant administration . eos
is named for Columbus Delano ( 1809 - 1896 ) , Secretary of the Interior during the Grant administration . eos
is one of the mountains in the Valley of the Ten Peaks , located on the Continental Divide on the border of Banff and Kootenay national parks in Canada . Deltaform_Mountain was originally named Saknowa by Samuel Allen but Walter Wilcox named Deltaform_Mountain to Deltaform_Mountain official title in 1897 as Deltaform_Mountain resembles the Greek letter delta . Deltaform_Mountain was first climbed in 1903 by A Eggers and HC Parker who were guided by Christian and Hans Kaufmann . eos
was originally named Saknowa by Samuel Allen but Walter Wilcox named Deltaform_Mountain to Deltaform_Mountain official title in 1897 as Deltaform_Mountain resembles the Greek letter delta . Deltaform_Mountain was first climbed in 1903 by A Eggers and HC Parker who were guided by Christian and Hans Kaufmann . eos
to Deltaform_Mountain official title in 1897 as Deltaform_Mountain resembles the Greek letter delta . Deltaform_Mountain was first climbed in 1903 by A Eggers and HC Parker who were guided by Christian and Hans Kaufmann . eos
official title in 1897 as Deltaform_Mountain resembles the Greek letter delta . Deltaform_Mountain was first climbed in 1903 by A Eggers and HC Parker who were guided by Christian and Hans Kaufmann . eos
resembles the Greek letter delta . Deltaform_Mountain was first climbed in 1903 by A Eggers and HC Parker who were guided by Christian and Hans Kaufmann . eos
was first climbed in 1903 by A Eggers and HC Parker who were guided by Christian and Hans Kaufmann . eos
is a mountain in the Swiss Alps , west of Zermatt and north of the Matterhorn . Dent_Blanche is at the head of the Val d'Hérens . Dent_Blanche was first climbed on july 18 1862 by T. S. Kennedy , W. Wigram , J. Croz and J. Konig via the south ridge ( Wandfluegrat ) . eos
is at the head of the Val d'Hérens . Dent_Blanche was first climbed on july 18 1862 by T. S. Kennedy , W. Wigram , J. Croz and J. Konig via the south ridge ( Wandfluegrat ) . The first winter ascent by the north ridge was completed by P. Crettaz and J. Gaudin on march 2 , 1963 . eos
was first climbed on july 18 1862 by T. S. Kennedy , W. Wigram , J. Croz and J. Konig via the south ridge ( Wandfluegrat ) . The first winter ascent by the north ridge was completed by P. Crettaz and J. Gaudin on march 2 , 1963 . Dent_Blanche should not be confused with Dents Blanches ( 2,728 m ) located on the France - Switzerland border . eos
should not be confused with Dents Blanches ( 2,728 m ) located on the France - Switzerland border . eos
( 4,171 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps of Italy and Switzerland . The first ascent of Dent_dHerens was by Florence Crawford Grove , William Edward Hall , Reginald Somerled Macdonald , Montagu Woodmass , Melchior Anderegg , Jean - Pierre Cachat and Peter Perren on 12 august 1863 . Dent_dHerens had been attempted a few days before by Edward Whymper , Jean Antoine Carrel and Luc Meynet but Whymper insisted that they retreat from their planned route up the west ridge because of loose rock . eos
was by Florence Crawford Grove , William Edward Hall , Reginald Somerled Macdonald , Montagu Woodmass , Melchior Anderegg , Jean - Pierre Cachat and Peter Perren on 12 august 1863 . Dent_dHerens had been attempted a few days before by Edward Whymper , Jean Antoine Carrel and Luc Meynet but Whymper insisted that they retreat from their planned route up the west ridge because of loose rock . Whymper was annoyed that he had not chosen the line taken up the Grandes Murailles glacier and the south - west flank by Melchior Anderegg on the first ascent and later wrote : This was the only mountain in the Alps that I have essayed to ascend , that has not , sooner or later , fallen to me . eos
had been attempted a few days before by Edward Whymper , Jean Antoine Carrel and Luc Meynet but Whymper insisted that they retreat from their planned route up the west ridge because of loose rock . Whymper was annoyed that he had not chosen the line taken up the Grandes Murailles glacier and the south - west flank by Melchior Anderegg on the first ascent and later wrote : This was the only mountain in the Alps that I have essayed to ascend , that has not , sooner or later , fallen to me . Our failure was mortifying ... eos
for four days before rescue , with Berbeka later dying in hospital and Herncarek and Naef requiring amputations . The Aosta hut ( 2,781 m ) is used for the normal route . eos
( It . : Dente del Gigante ) eos
has two distinct summits , eighty - eight feet apart and separated by a small col ( an ` extremely awkward notch ' according to W W. Graham ) : * Pointe Graham ( 4,013 m ) , first ascent by W W. Graham with guides Auguste Cupelin and Alphonse Payot on 20 august 1882 . * Pointe Sella ( 4,009 m ) , first ascent by Jean Joseph Maquignaz with son Baptiste Maquignaz and nephew , Daniel Maquignaz on 28 july 1882 . eos
had remained unclimbed during the so - called Golden age of alpinism , and Dent_du_Geant was a much - coveted peak in the 1870s , repelling many parties who attempted Dent_du_Geant mostly from the Rochefort ridge . In 1880 the strong team of Albert F Mummery and Alexander Burgener tried to force a passage via the south - west face but were repelled by a band of slabs , causing Mummery to exclaim ` Absolutely inaccessible by fair means ! ' The following huts serve Dent_du_Geant : eos
was a much - coveted peak in the 1870s , repelling many parties who attempted Dent_du_Geant mostly from the Rochefort ridge . In 1880 the strong team of Albert F Mummery and Alexander Burgener tried to force a passage via the south - west face but were repelled by a band of slabs , causing Mummery to exclaim ` Absolutely inaccessible by fair means ! ' The following huts serve Dent_du_Geant : eos
mostly from the Rochefort ridge . In 1880 the strong team of Albert F Mummery and Alexander Burgener tried to force a passage via the south - west face but were repelled by a band of slabs , causing Mummery to exclaim ` Absolutely inaccessible by fair means ! ' The following huts serve Dent_du_Geant : eos
: * Rifugio Torino ( 3,372 m , CAI , staffed mid May - end september ) * eos
is a stratovolcano located in the Maule Region of central Chile . Descabezado_Grande is capped by a 1.4 kilometres ( 0.9 mi ) wide ice - filled caldera and named for Descabezado_Grande flat - topped form , as descabezado means ` ` headless '' in Spanish . A smaller crater eos
is capped by a 1.4 kilometres ( 0.9 mi ) wide ice - filled caldera and named for Descabezado_Grande flat - topped form , as descabezado means ` ` headless '' in Spanish . A smaller crater about 0.5 kilometres ( 0.3 mi ) wide is found in the northeast part of the caldera , and it has active fumaroles . eos
flat - topped form , as descabezado means ` ` headless '' in Spanish . A smaller crater about 0.5 kilometres ( 0.3 mi ) wide is found in the northeast part of the caldera , and it has active fumaroles . eos
is composed of andesite and rhyodacite lava flows along with pyroclastic flow deposits . Descabezado_Grande has a basal diameter of about 10 x 12 km ( 6 x 8 mi ) and a total volume of about 30 cu km ( 7 cu mi ) . Along with Cerro Azul , only 7 km to the south , Descabezado_Grande lies at the center of a 20 x 30 km ( 12 x 20 mi ) volcanic field . eos
has a basal diameter of about 10 x 12 km ( 6 x 8 mi ) and a total volume of about 30 cu km ( 7 cu mi ) . Along with Cerro Azul , only 7 km to the south , Descabezado_Grande lies at the center of a 20 x 30 km ( 12 x 20 mi ) volcanic field . eos
lies at the center of a 20 x 30 km ( 12 x 20 mi ) volcanic field . eos
is a mountain in the Stikine Icecap region of the Alaska - British Columbia border , near Petersburg . Devils_Thumb is named for Devils_Thumb projected thumb - like appearance . Devils_Thumb is one of the peaks that marks the border , and Devils_Thumb is also listed on maps as Boundary Peak 71 . eos
is named for Devils_Thumb projected thumb - like appearance . Devils_Thumb is one of the peaks that marks the border , and Devils_Thumb is also listed on maps as Boundary Peak 71 . Devils_Thumb is a very challenging climb even for advanced mountain climbers . eos
projected thumb - like appearance . Devils_Thumb is one of the peaks that marks the border , and Devils_Thumb is also listed on maps as Boundary Peak 71 . Devils_Thumb is a very challenging climb even for advanced mountain climbers . eos
is one of the peaks that marks the border , and Devils_Thumb is also listed on maps as Boundary Peak 71 . Devils_Thumb is a very challenging climb even for advanced mountain climbers . A description of Devils_Thumb can be found in Eiger Dreams , a collection of articles by Jon Krakauer , who successfully climbed Devils_Thumb early in his career . eos
is also listed on maps as Boundary Peak 71 . Devils_Thumb is a very challenging climb even for advanced mountain climbers . A description of Devils_Thumb can be found in Eiger Dreams , a collection of articles by Jon Krakauer , who successfully climbed Devils_Thumb early in his career . eos
is a very challenging climb even for advanced mountain climbers . A description of Devils_Thumb can be found in Eiger Dreams , a collection of articles by Jon Krakauer , who successfully climbed Devils_Thumb early in his career . Jon Krakauer also chronicles his climb of Devils_Thumb in his book Into the Wild in Chapters 14 and 15 . eos
can be found in Eiger Dreams , a collection of articles by Jon Krakauer , who successfully climbed Devils_Thumb early in his career . Jon Krakauer also chronicles his climb of Devils_Thumb in his book Into the Wild in Chapters 14 and 15 . eos
early in his career . Jon Krakauer also chronicles his climb of Devils_Thumb in his book Into the Wild in Chapters 14 and 15 . eos
in his book Into the Wild in Chapters 14 and 15 . eos
( धौलागिरी ) is the seventh highest mountain in the world . Dhaulagiri forms the eastern anchor of the Dhaulagiri Himal , a subrange of the Himalaya in the Dhawalagiri Zone of north central Nepal . Dhaulagiri lies northwest of Pokhara , an important regional town and tourist center . eos
forms the eastern anchor of the Dhaulagiri Himal , a subrange of the Himalaya in the Dhawalagiri Zone of north central Nepal . Dhaulagiri lies northwest of Pokhara , an important regional town and tourist center . Across the deep gorge of the Kali Gandaki to the east lies the Annapurna Himal , home to Annapurna I , one of the other eight - thousanders . eos
lies northwest of Pokhara , an important regional town and tourist center . Across the deep gorge of the Kali Gandaki to the east lies the Annapurna Himal , home to Annapurna I , one of the other eight - thousanders . Dhaulagiri means ` ` White Mountain '' . eos
is a mountain in the Swiss Alps , best known for the nearby ski resort of Les Diablerets . Diablerets is situated in the French - speaking part of Switzerland , in the easternmost area of the Canton of Vaud . There is a glacier on Diablerets , officially titled Glacier de Tsanfleuron but known as Glacier 3000 due to its elevation of 3000 metres . eos
is situated in the French - speaking part of Switzerland , in the easternmost area of the Canton of Vaud . There is a glacier on Diablerets , officially titled Glacier de Tsanfleuron but known as Glacier 3000 due to its elevation of 3000 metres . eos
, officially titled Glacier de Tsanfleuron but known as Glacier 3000 due to its elevation of 3000 metres . eos
English name was given by British sailors in the 19th century , who mistook calcite crystals embedded in the rock for diamonds . Diamond_Head_Hawaii is located on the coast east of Waikīkī , Honolulu . eos
is located on the coast east of Waikīkī , Honolulu . eos
is the highest peak of the Lesser Caucasus Mountains in the nation of Georgia . Didi_Abuli is located in the Abul - Samsari Range at an elevation of 3301 m above sea level . eos
is located in the Abul - Samsari Range at an elevation of 3301 m above sea level . eos
is one of the more prominent mountains located on the border of Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina . Dinara Latin name is Adrian oros while the current name is suspected to be derived from the name of an ancient Illyrian tribe that lived on the eastern slopes of Dinara . Dinara is best known for the fact that Dinara name is the base for the name of a large mountain chain called the Dinaric Alps or Dinarides . eos
Latin name is Adrian oros while the current name is suspected to be derived from the name of an ancient Illyrian tribe that lived on the eastern slopes of Dinara . Dinara is best known for the fact that Dinara name is the base for the name of a large mountain chain called the Dinaric Alps or Dinarides . The Dinarides are known for being composed of karst - limestone rocks - as is Dinara . eos
. Dinara is best known for the fact that Dinara name is the base for the name of a large mountain chain called the Dinaric Alps or Dinarides . The Dinarides are known for being composed of karst - limestone rocks - as is Dinara . eos
is best known for the fact that Dinara name is the base for the name of a large mountain chain called the Dinaric Alps or Dinarides . The Dinarides are known for being composed of karst - limestone rocks - as is Dinara . Dinara spans from the Derala mountain pass ( 965 m ) in the northwest to the Privija pass ( 1230 m ) which is 20 km to the southeast , where the Kamešnica Mountain begins . eos
name is the base for the name of a large mountain chain called the Dinaric Alps or Dinarides . The Dinarides are known for being composed of karst - limestone rocks - as is Dinara . Dinara spans from the Derala mountain pass ( 965 m ) in the northwest to the Privija pass ( 1230 m ) which is 20 km to the southeast , where the Kamešnica Mountain begins . eos
. Dinara spans from the Derala mountain pass ( 965 m ) in the northwest to the Privija pass ( 1230 m ) which is 20 km to the southeast , where the Kamešnica Mountain begins . Dinara is up to 10 km wide . eos
spans from the Derala mountain pass ( 965 m ) in the northwest to the Privija pass ( 1230 m ) which is 20 km to the southeast , where the Kamešnica Mountain begins . Dinara is up to 10 km wide . The highest peaks are Troglav ( 1913 m ) ( ` ` Threehead '' ) and Dinara ( 1831 m ) . eos
is up to 10 km wide . The highest peaks are Troglav ( 1913 m ) ( ` ` Threehead '' ) and Dinara ( 1831 m ) . The peak called Dinara is shaped like a human head made of stone , and it happens to be the highest peak of Croatia . eos
is hardly Mediterranean . In fact , Dinara marks the border of the area with a much colder , mountain climate . There are no inhabited areas on Dinara itself and human presence consists mostly of small shacks that belong to the herdsmen from the nearby valleys such as that of the Cetina river . eos
is only a few dozen kilometers away from the Adriatic Sea , the climate on Dinara is hardly Mediterranean . In fact , Dinara marks the border of the area with a much colder , mountain climate . There are no inhabited areas on Dinara itself and human presence consists mostly of small shacks that belong to the herdsmen from the nearby valleys such as that of the Cetina river . eos
marks the border of the area with a much colder , mountain climate . There are no inhabited areas on Dinara itself and human presence consists mostly of small shacks that belong to the herdsmen from the nearby valleys such as that of the Cetina river . One of the most fascinating massifs is on the southwestern slope . eos
itself and human presence consists mostly of small shacks that belong to the herdsmen from the nearby valleys such as that of the Cetina river . One of the most fascinating massifs is on the southwestern slope . It is six kilometers long and up to 1700 meters high , providing an interesting landscape for the travelers on the roads in the valley below to view . eos
is host to an endemic species of rodents , a vole called ` ` Dinarski miš '' ( ` ` Dinaric mouse '' ) , Dolomys bogdanovi longipedis , which is declared an endangered species . eos
is a mountain in the Karakoram range of the Northern Areas of Pakistan . Diran lies in the East of Rakaposhi ( 7,788 m ) . Diran was first climbed in 1968 by three Austrians Rainer Goeschl , Rudolph Pischinger and Hanns Schell . eos
lies in the East of Rakaposhi ( 7,788 m ) . Diran was first climbed in 1968 by three Austrians Rainer Goeschl , Rudolph Pischinger and Hanns Schell . Earlier attempts by a German expedition in 1959 and an Australian expedition in 1964 were unsuccessful . eos
was first climbed in 1968 by three Austrians Rainer Goeschl , Rudolph Pischinger and Hanns Schell . Earlier attempts by a German expedition in 1959 and an Australian expedition in 1964 were unsuccessful . eos
is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , immediately southeast of Grand Teton . Disappointment_Peak_Wyoming is part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group , a region of the Tetons noted for particularly rugged mountains . Disappointment_Peak_Wyoming rises to the north of Garnet Canyon and to the west of Amphitheater and Surprise lakes . eos
is part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group , a region of the Tetons noted for particularly rugged mountains . Disappointment_Peak_Wyoming rises to the north of Garnet Canyon and to the west of Amphitheater and Surprise lakes . Disappointment_Peak_Wyoming has a variety of mountaineering routes , including the most difficult in the range . eos
rises to the north of Garnet Canyon and to the west of Amphitheater and Surprise lakes . Disappointment_Peak_Wyoming has a variety of mountaineering routes , including the most difficult in the range . eos
has a variety of mountaineering routes , including the most difficult in the range . eos
is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Doane_Peak is located west of and across Jackson Lake from Colter Bay Village . The scenic Waterfalls Canyon is immediately northeast of Doane_Peak , but there are no maintained trails in the area . eos
is located west of and across Jackson Lake from Colter Bay Village . The scenic Waterfalls Canyon is immediately northeast of Doane_Peak , but there are no maintained trails in the area . Access to the summit involves off trail hiking and scrambling as the top of Doane_Peak is more than 4,500 feet ( 1,371 m ) above Jackson Lake . eos
, but there are no maintained trails in the area . Access to the summit involves off trail hiking and scrambling as the top of Doane_Peak is more than 4,500 feet ( 1,371 m ) above Jackson Lake . eos
is more than 4,500 feet ( 1,371 m ) above Jackson Lake . eos
( "" Thai : ดอยอินทนนท์ "" ) is the highest mountain in Thailand . Doi_Inthanon was also known in the past as Doi Luang ( meaning big mountain ) or Doi Ang Ka , meaning the crow 's pond top . eos
was also known in the past as Doi Luang ( meaning big mountain ) or Doi Ang Ka , meaning the crow 's pond top . Near Doi_Inthanon base was a pond where many crows gathered . eos
base was a pond where many crows gathered . The name Doi Inthanon was given in honour of the king Inthawichayanon , one of the last kings of Chiang Mai , who was concerned about the forests in the north and tried to preserve them . He ordered that after his death his remains shall be placed at Doi_Inthanon , Doi_Inthanon was then renamed . eos
, Doi_Inthanon was then renamed . eos
was then renamed . eos
( or Drusberg ) is a mountain located north of Pragel Pass in the Canton of Schwyz in Switzerland . Druesberg forms the boundary between the skiing and hiking area Hoch - Ybrig and the Canton of Glarus . eos
forms the boundary between the skiing and hiking area Hoch - Ybrig and the Canton of Glarus . eos
or Dykhtau , is a mountain located in Kabardino - Balkaria , Russia ; Dykh-Tau peak stands about 5 km ( 3 mi . ) north of the border with Georgia . Dykh-Tau is the second highest of the Caucasus Mountains , after Mount Elbrus . eos
peak stands about 5 km ( 3 mi . ) north of the border with Georgia . Dykh-Tau is the second highest of the Caucasus Mountains , after Mount Elbrus . eos
is the second highest of the Caucasus Mountains , after Mount Elbrus . eos
( 11,358 ft / 3,462 m ) is situated in the Absaroka Range in the US state of Wyoming , and Eagle_Peak_Wyoming is the tallest mountain in Yellowstone National Park . Located on the park boundary with Shoshone National Forest , Eagle_Peak_Wyoming rises to the east of the southeast arm of Yellowstone Lake . Eagle_Peak_Wyoming is also one of the highest points in the Washakie Wilderness area of Shoshone National Forest . eos
is the tallest mountain in Yellowstone National Park . Located on the park boundary with Shoshone National Forest , Eagle_Peak_Wyoming rises to the east of the southeast arm of Yellowstone Lake . Eagle_Peak_Wyoming is also one of the highest points in the Washakie Wilderness area of Shoshone National Forest . eos
rises to the east of the southeast arm of Yellowstone Lake . Eagle_Peak_Wyoming is also one of the highest points in the Washakie Wilderness area of Shoshone National Forest . eos
is also one of the highest points in the Washakie Wilderness area of Shoshone National Forest . eos
is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Eagles_Rest_Peak is located west of and across Jackson Lake from Colter Bay Village . Eagles_Rest_Peak rises dramatically almost 4,500 feet ( 1,371 m ) above Jackson Lake in less than 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) . eos
is located west of and across Jackson Lake from Colter Bay Village . Eagles_Rest_Peak rises dramatically almost 4,500 feet ( 1,371 m ) above Jackson Lake in less than 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) . eos
rises dramatically almost 4,500 feet ( 1,371 m ) above Jackson Lake in less than 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) . eos
( Greek "" "" Aigaleo , Latin Aegaleus ) , also Aigaleo and Egaleo , is a mountain in Greece . eos
is situated west of Athens , southeast of Eleusis , east of the island of Salamis and northwest of Piraeus . Most of Egaleo is rocky . Egaleo is shorter than Hymettus . eos
is rocky . Egaleo is shorter than Hymettus . Most of the forest is to Egaleo north where the monastery Daphni ( Daphnion ) is located . eos
is shorter than Hymettus . Most of the forest is to Egaleo north where the monastery Daphni ( Daphnion ) is located . There is also a park in Egaleo northern reaches . eos
north where the monastery Daphni ( Daphnion ) is located . There is also a park in Egaleo northern reaches . This is a range which surrounds the tiny coast southwest of Chaidari . eos
northern reaches . This is a range which surrounds the tiny coast southwest of Chaidari . With Egaleo grand view of the Straits of Salamis , Egaleo was the site of Xerxes ' throne from which he observed the Battle of Salamis . eos
grand view of the Straits of Salamis , Egaleo was the site of Xerxes ' throne from which he observed the Battle of Salamis . Towns and places surround Egaleo are Perama , Piraeus , Drapetsona , Nikaia , Korydallos ( Corydallos ) , the highway , and Chaidari . The subway now connects the area after opening its first station after reducing Iera Odos ( Sacred Way ) into two lanes in 2002 - 2003 . eos
was the site of Xerxes ' throne from which he observed the Battle of Salamis . Towns and places surround Egaleo are Perama , Piraeus , Drapetsona , Nikaia , Korydallos ( Corydallos ) , the highway , and Chaidari . The subway now connects the area after opening its first station after reducing Iera Odos ( Sacred Way ) into two lanes in 2002 - 2003 . eos
are Perama , Piraeus , Drapetsona , Nikaia , Korydallos ( Corydallos ) , the highway , and Chaidari . The subway now connects the area after opening its first station after reducing Iera Odos ( Sacred Way ) into two lanes in 2002 - 2003 . A highway linking eos
again and it reminded some like snow . It skidded some cars and caused troubles in traffic . eos
is a peak in Texas , USA . El_Capitan_Texas lies within the Guadalupe Mountains National Park . El_Capitan_Texas is the eighth - highest peak in Texas , and El_Capitan_Texas is considered the ` ` signature peak '' of West Texas . eos
lies within the Guadalupe Mountains National Park . El_Capitan_Texas is the eighth - highest peak in Texas , and El_Capitan_Texas is considered the ` ` signature peak '' of West Texas . El_Capitan_Texas is the southern terminus of the Guadalupe escarpment , an ancient limestone reef that forms the present - day Guadalupe Mountains . eos
is the eighth - highest peak in Texas , and El_Capitan_Texas is considered the ` ` signature peak '' of West Texas . El_Capitan_Texas is the southern terminus of the Guadalupe escarpment , an ancient limestone reef that forms the present - day Guadalupe Mountains . El_Capitan_Texas is guarded by cliffs on three sides , and those faces are rarely climbed due to the unstable condition of the rock and the sheer nature of the peak . eos
is considered the ` ` signature peak '' of West Texas . El_Capitan_Texas is the southern terminus of the Guadalupe escarpment , an ancient limestone reef that forms the present - day Guadalupe Mountains . El_Capitan_Texas is guarded by cliffs on three sides , and those faces are rarely climbed due to the unstable condition of the rock and the sheer nature of the peak . eos
is the southern terminus of the Guadalupe escarpment , an ancient limestone reef that forms the present - day Guadalupe Mountains . El_Capitan_Texas is guarded by cliffs on three sides , and those faces are rarely climbed due to the unstable condition of the rock and the sheer nature of the peak . Hikers can scramble up to the summit by first climbing to near the summit of Guadalupe Peak and scrambling down to the south to the Guadalupe Peak - El Capitan saddle , then up the backside of El_Capitan_Texas . eos
is guarded by cliffs on three sides , and those faces are rarely climbed due to the unstable condition of the rock and the sheer nature of the peak . Hikers can scramble up to the summit by first climbing to near the summit of Guadalupe Peak and scrambling down to the south to the Guadalupe Peak - El Capitan saddle , then up the backside of El_Capitan_Texas . A permit is required as there is no trail from Guadalupe Peak to El_Capitan_Texas . eos
. A permit is required as there is no trail from Guadalupe Peak to El_Capitan_Texas . El_Capitan_Texas , used as a signal peak for hundreds of years by travellers in the area , is a stunning peak rising quite abruptly out of the Chihuahuan Desert floor in West Texas . eos
. El_Capitan_Texas , used as a signal peak for hundreds of years by travellers in the area , is a stunning peak rising quite abruptly out of the Chihuahuan Desert floor in West Texas . El_Capitan_Texas sheer face greets visitors approaching the Headquarters Visitor Center at Guadalupe Mountains National Park from both the south and the northeast . eos
, used as a signal peak for hundreds of years by travellers in the area , is a stunning peak rising quite abruptly out of the Chihuahuan Desert floor in West Texas . El_Capitan_Texas sheer face greets visitors approaching the Headquarters Visitor Center at Guadalupe Mountains National Park from both the south and the northeast . El_Capitan_Texas is not to be confused with El_Capitan_Texas El Capitan cousin in Yosemite - El_Capitan_Texas is comparable in stature and sheerness . eos
sheer face greets visitors approaching the Headquarters Visitor Center at Guadalupe Mountains National Park from both the south and the northeast . El_Capitan_Texas is not to be confused with El_Capitan_Texas El Capitan cousin in Yosemite - El_Capitan_Texas is comparable in stature and sheerness . eos
is not to be confused with El_Capitan_Texas El Capitan cousin in Yosemite - El_Capitan_Texas is comparable in stature and sheerness . eos
El Capitan cousin in Yosemite - El_Capitan_Texas is comparable in stature and sheerness . eos
is comparable in stature and sheerness . eos
is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the US state of Colorado . El_Diente_Peak is located in the Lizard Head Wilderness in the San Miguel Range of the San Juan Mountains , in Dolores County approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Rico . eos
is located in the Lizard Head Wilderness in the San Miguel Range of the San Juan Mountains , in Dolores County approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Rico . The topographic prominence of El_Diente_Peak is only 239 ft ( 73 m ) , so by a strict 300 foot cutoff rule , El_Diente_Peak would not be counted as a separate peak from El_Diente_Peak higher neighbor Mount Wilson . eos
is only 239 ft ( 73 m ) , so by a strict 300 foot cutoff rule , El_Diente_Peak would not be counted as a separate peak from El_Diente_Peak higher neighbor Mount Wilson . However the 3/4 mile ( 1.2 km ) connecting ridge is a significant climbing challenge ( Class 4/5 ) , making El_Diente_Peak more independent than El_Diente_Peak prominence would indicate . Hence El_Diente_Peak is often regarded as a fully - fledged fourteener . eos
would not be counted as a separate peak from El_Diente_Peak higher neighbor Mount Wilson . However the 3/4 mile ( 1.2 km ) connecting ridge is a significant climbing challenge ( Class 4/5 ) , making El_Diente_Peak more independent than El_Diente_Peak prominence would indicate . Hence El_Diente_Peak is often regarded as a fully - fledged fourteener . eos
higher neighbor Mount Wilson . However the 3/4 mile ( 1.2 km ) connecting ridge is a significant climbing challenge ( Class 4/5 ) , making El_Diente_Peak more independent than El_Diente_Peak prominence would indicate . Hence El_Diente_Peak is often regarded as a fully - fledged fourteener . eos
more independent than El_Diente_Peak prominence would indicate . Hence El_Diente_Peak is often regarded as a fully - fledged fourteener . El_Diente_Peak is one of the more dramatic peaks in Colorado in terms of local relief and steepness . eos
prominence would indicate . Hence El_Diente_Peak is often regarded as a fully - fledged fourteener . El_Diente_Peak is one of the more dramatic peaks in Colorado in terms of local relief and steepness . eos
is often regarded as a fully - fledged fourteener . El_Diente_Peak is one of the more dramatic peaks in Colorado in terms of local relief and steepness . As a result , El_Diente_Peak is one of the most challenging climbs among Colorado 's fourteeners . eos
is one of the more dramatic peaks in Colorado in terms of local relief and steepness . As a result , El_Diente_Peak is one of the most challenging climbs among Colorado 's fourteeners . All routes involve at least class 3 scrambling on loose talus , and poor route - finding can expose the climber to more difficult and dangerous terrain . eos
is one of the most challenging climbs among Colorado 's fourteeners . All routes involve at least class 3 scrambling on loose talus , and poor route - finding can expose the climber to more difficult and dangerous terrain . eos
is a cinder cone volcano in Michoacán , central Mexico , on the SW slope of the central plateau , 33 mi/53 km SE of Uruapan ( also know to be located in an area known as the Michoacan - Guanajuato volcanic field ) . El_Jorullo has four smaller cinder cones which have grown from El_Jorullo . The vents of El_Jorullo are aligned in a northeast to southwest direction . eos
has four smaller cinder cones which have grown from El_Jorullo . The vents of El_Jorullo are aligned in a northeast to southwest direction . Lava from these vents cover nine square km around El_Jorullo . eos
. The vents of El_Jorullo are aligned in a northeast to southwest direction . Lava from these vents cover nine square km around El_Jorullo . eos
are aligned in a northeast to southwest direction . Lava from these vents cover nine square km around El_Jorullo . Later eruptions produced lavas that had higher silica contents making them thicker than the earlier basalts and basaltic andesites lavas . eos
. Later eruptions produced lavas that had higher silica contents making them thicker than the earlier basalts and basaltic andesites lavas . El_Jorullo crater is about 1,300 by 1,640 ft ( 400 by 500 m ) wide and 490 ft ( 150 m ) deep . eos
crater is about 1,300 by 1,640 ft ( 400 by 500 m ) wide and 490 ft ( 150 m ) deep . El_Jorullo is one of two known volcanos to have developed in Mexico in recent history . The second , born about 183 years later , was named Parícutin after a nearby village that it eventually destroyed . eos
is one of two known volcanos to have developed in Mexico in recent history . The second , born about 183 years later , was named Parícutin after a nearby village that it eventually destroyed . Paricutin is about 50 miles ( 80 km ) northwest of El_Jorullo . eos
. El_Jorullo was born on september 29 , 1759 . Earthquakes occurred prior to this first day of eruption . eos
was born on september 29 , 1759 . Earthquakes occurred prior to this first day of eruption . Once El_Jorullo began erupting , El_Jorullo did n't quit for 15 years . eos
began erupting , El_Jorullo did n't quit for 15 years . El_Jorullo did n't develop on a corn field like Paricutin did , but El_Jorullo did destroy what had been a rich agricultural area . El_Jorullo grew 820 eos
did n't quit for 15 years . El_Jorullo did n't develop on a corn field like Paricutin did , but El_Jorullo did destroy what had been a rich agricultural area . El_Jorullo grew 820 eos
did n't develop on a corn field like Paricutin did , but El_Jorullo did destroy what had been a rich agricultural area . El_Jorullo grew 820 ft ( 250 m ) from the ground in the first six weeks . eos
did destroy what had been a rich agricultural area . El_Jorullo grew 820 ft ( 250 m ) from the ground in the first six weeks . eos
grew 820 ft ( 250 m ) from the ground in the first six weeks . The eruptions were phreatic and phreatomagmatic . eos
ever had , and was the longest cinder cone eruption known . El_Jorullo last erupted in 1958 , nearly 200 years after El_Jorullo began to develop . Paricutin and El Jorullo both rose in an area known for its volcanoes . eos
last erupted in 1958 , nearly 200 years after El_Jorullo began to develop . Paricutin and El Jorullo both rose in an area known for its volcanoes . Called the Mexican Volcanic Belt , the region stretches about 700 miles from east to west across southern Mexico . eos
began to develop . Paricutin and El Jorullo both rose in an area known for its volcanoes . Called the Mexican Volcanic Belt , the region stretches about 700 miles from east to west across southern Mexico . eos
. eos
( 5,822 m ) is a stratovolcano located in southern Peru near the city of Arequipa . This city , second largest in the country , lies at the foot of El_Misti in a fertile valley located 2,400 m above sea level . El_Misti has become the city 's enduring symbol . eos
in a fertile valley located 2,400 m above sea level . El_Misti has become the city 's enduring symbol . Most of the city 's colonial buildings were constructed from El_Misti white volcanic stone ( sillar ) . eos
has become the city 's enduring symbol . Most of the city 's colonial buildings were constructed from El_Misti white volcanic stone ( sillar ) . El_Misti last eruption was in 1784 . eos
white volcanic stone ( sillar ) . El_Misti last eruption was in 1784 . With El_Misti snow - capped , perfect cone , El_Misti stands at 5,822 m and El_Misti lies between the mountain Chachani ( 6,075 m ) and the volcano Pichu - Pichu ( 5,669 m ) . eos
last eruption was in 1784 . With El_Misti snow - capped , perfect cone , El_Misti stands at 5,822 m and El_Misti lies between the mountain Chachani ( 6,075 m ) and the volcano Pichu - Pichu ( 5,669 m ) . These impressive mountains , located northeast of Arequipa , are visible almost year - round , but especially during winter ( May - september ) . eos
snow - capped , perfect cone , El_Misti stands at 5,822 m and El_Misti lies between the mountain Chachani ( 6,075 m ) and the volcano Pichu - Pichu ( 5,669 m ) . These impressive mountains , located northeast of Arequipa , are visible almost year - round , but especially during winter ( May - september ) . El_Misti has three concentric craters . eos
stands at 5,822 m and El_Misti lies between the mountain Chachani ( 6,075 m ) and the volcano Pichu - Pichu ( 5,669 m ) . These impressive mountains , located northeast of Arequipa , are visible almost year - round , but especially during winter ( May - september ) . El_Misti has three concentric craters . eos
lies between the mountain Chachani ( 6,075 m ) and the volcano Pichu - Pichu ( 5,669 m ) . These impressive mountains , located northeast of Arequipa , are visible almost year - round , but especially during winter ( May - september ) . El_Misti has three concentric craters . eos
has three concentric craters . In the inner crater fumarole activity can be seen . Near the inner crater six Inca mummies and rare Inca artifacts were found in 1998 during a month - long excavation directed by the archaeologists Johan Reinhard and Jose Antonio Chavez . eos
. The Pastores route , which is more used , as its starting point is nearer to the city of Arequipa , starts in 3,300 m. Usually a camp is made in 4,500 m at Nido de Aguilas . eos
( 936 m ) is the second highest peak in Trinidad 's northern range and El_Tucuche is noted for El_Tucuche interesting plateau shape . El_Tucuche summit is home to the Trinidad endemic El Tucuche Golden Tree Frog ( Phyllodytes auratus ) , found only on El_Tucuche and on Trinidad 's highest peak El Cerro del Aripo . eos
is noted for El_Tucuche interesting plateau shape . El_Tucuche summit is home to the Trinidad endemic El Tucuche Golden Tree Frog ( Phyllodytes auratus ) , found only on El_Tucuche and on Trinidad 's highest peak El Cerro del Aripo . eos
interesting plateau shape . El_Tucuche summit is home to the Trinidad endemic El Tucuche Golden Tree Frog ( Phyllodytes auratus ) , found only on El_Tucuche and on Trinidad 's highest peak El Cerro del Aripo . eos
summit is home to the Trinidad endemic El Tucuche Golden Tree Frog ( Phyllodytes auratus ) , found only on El_Tucuche and on Trinidad 's highest peak El Cerro del Aripo . eos
and on Trinidad 's highest peak El Cerro del Aripo . eos
is the tallest mountain in the Gallatin Range of southern Montana , close to the Wyoming border and Electric_Peak rises to an altitude of 10,969 feet ( 3,343 m ) . Electric_Peak has some of the greatest physical relief in Yellowstone National Park , rising 3,389 feet ( 1,033 m ) above Electric_Peak base . Electric_Peak was named during the first ascent in 1872 by the United States Geological Survey . eos
rises to an altitude of 10,969 feet ( 3,343 m ) . Electric_Peak has some of the greatest physical relief in Yellowstone National Park , rising 3,389 feet ( 1,033 m ) above Electric_Peak base . Electric_Peak was named during the first ascent in 1872 by the United States Geological Survey . eos
has some of the greatest physical relief in Yellowstone National Park , rising 3,389 feet ( 1,033 m ) above Electric_Peak base . Electric_Peak was named during the first ascent in 1872 by the United States Geological Survey . Members of the Hayden Survey led by Henry Gannett experienced electrical discharges from their hands and hair after a lightning event on the summit . eos
base . Electric_Peak was named during the first ascent in 1872 by the United States Geological Survey . Members of the Hayden Survey led by Henry Gannett experienced electrical discharges from their hands and hair after a lightning event on the summit . eos
was named during the first ascent in 1872 by the United States Geological Survey . Members of the Hayden Survey led by Henry Gannett experienced electrical discharges from their hands and hair after a lightning event on the summit . eos
is located in the Elk River Range of the Vancouver Island Ranges of British Columbia . At 2195 m , Elkhorn_Mountain is the second highest peak on the Vancouver Island , second only to the nearby Golden Hinde which lies 15 km to the south . Elkhorn_Mountain is located in the 2,500 km ² Strathcona Provincial Park , 24 km NE of Gold River . eos
is the second highest peak on the Vancouver Island , second only to the nearby Golden Hinde which lies 15 km to the south . Elkhorn_Mountain is located in the 2,500 km ² Strathcona Provincial Park , 24 km NE of Gold River . eos
is located in the 2,500 km ² Strathcona Provincial Park , 24 km NE of Gold River . eos
, or Ellingwood Peak , is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado . Ellingwood_Point is located at the southern end of the Sangre de Cristo Range , approximately 1/2 mile ( 1 km ) northwest of Blanca Peak . Ellingwood_Point lies on the border between Alamosa County and Huerfano County . eos
is located at the southern end of the Sangre de Cristo Range , approximately 1/2 mile ( 1 km ) northwest of Blanca Peak . Ellingwood_Point lies on the border between Alamosa County and Huerfano County . Ellingwood_Point is named for Albert Russell Ellingwood , an early pioneer of climbing in the Western United States and in Colorado in particular . eos
lies on the border between Alamosa County and Huerfano County . Ellingwood_Point is named for Albert Russell Ellingwood , an early pioneer of climbing in the Western United States and in Colorado in particular . Ellingwood_Point only barely qualifies as an independent peak under the 300 foot topographic prominence cutoff which is standard in Colorado . eos
is named for Albert Russell Ellingwood , an early pioneer of climbing in the Western United States and in Colorado in particular . Ellingwood_Point only barely qualifies as an independent peak under the 300 foot topographic prominence cutoff which is standard in Colorado . Ellingwood_Point is also quite close to Ellingwood_Point parent peak , Blanca Peak . eos
only barely qualifies as an independent peak under the 300 foot topographic prominence cutoff which is standard in Colorado . Ellingwood_Point is also quite close to Ellingwood_Point parent peak , Blanca Peak . Hence Ellingwood_Point inclusion in fourteener lists has been somewhat controversial . eos
is also quite close to Ellingwood_Point parent peak , Blanca Peak . Hence Ellingwood_Point inclusion in fourteener lists has been somewhat controversial . However most authorities do consider Ellingwood_Point a true fourteener . eos
parent peak , Blanca Peak . Hence Ellingwood_Point inclusion in fourteener lists has been somewhat controversial . However most authorities do consider Ellingwood_Point a true fourteener . eos
inclusion in fourteener lists has been somewhat controversial . However most authorities do consider Ellingwood_Point a true fourteener . Because of Ellingwood_Point proximity to Blanca Peak , Ellingwood_Point is often climbed together with that peak in a single day . eos
a true fourteener . Because of Ellingwood_Point proximity to Blanca Peak , Ellingwood_Point is often climbed together with that peak in a single day . eos
proximity to Blanca Peak , Ellingwood_Point is often climbed together with that peak in a single day . eos
is often climbed together with that peak in a single day . eos
is one of the highest mountains in the northern portions of the US state of Virginia . At 4,463 feet ( 1,360 m ) , Elliott_Knob is located on the northern point of the ridge known as Great North Mountain . A small , naturally growing stand of spruce trees are on the summit , indicating that the altitude is just high enough to support tree species normally found hundreds of miles to the north . eos
is located on the northern point of the ridge known as Great North Mountain . A small , naturally growing stand of spruce trees are on the summit , indicating that the altitude is just high enough to support tree species normally found hundreds of miles to the north . Otherwise oak and hickory trees are the most common types found on Elliott_Knob . eos
. Elliott_Knob is entirely within George Washington and Jefferson National Forests . The area around Elliott_Knob is inhabited by a wide array of fauna including Black Bears , White - tailed Deer and the elusive Bobcat . eos
is entirely within George Washington and Jefferson National Forests . The area around Elliott_Knob is inhabited by a wide array of fauna including Black Bears , White - tailed Deer and the elusive Bobcat . There is a Forest Service lookout tower , which is closed to the public , on top of Elliott_Knob . eos
is inhabited by a wide array of fauna including Black Bears , White - tailed Deer and the elusive Bobcat . There is a Forest Service lookout tower , which is closed to the public , on top of Elliott_Knob . A primitive jeep trail ascends Elliott_Knob from the east but it is also closed to public vehicles . eos
. A primitive jeep trail ascends Elliott_Knob from the east but it is also closed to public vehicles . The jeep trail is used by the USFS to gain access to a fire lookout on the summit , and rises over 2,000 feet ( 610 m ) in less than 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) . eos
from the east but it is also closed to public vehicles . The jeep trail is used by the USFS to gain access to a fire lookout on the summit , and rises over 2,000 feet ( 610 m ) in less than 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) . The only access for the public is on foot and along with the jeep trail , several other trails can be used to ascend to the top , each averaging 5 miles ( 8 km ) in length and climbing up to 2,300 feet ( 700 m ) from the trailheads . eos
is a high shield volcano Emi_Koussi lies at the south end of the Tibesti Mountains in the central Sahara of northern Chad . Emi_Koussi is the highest mountain in Chad , and the highest in the Sahara . Emi_Koussi is one of several in the Tibesti massif , and Emi_Koussi reaches 3445 m in altitude , rising 2.3 km above the surrounding sandstone plains . eos
lies at the south end of the Tibesti Mountains in the central Sahara of northern Chad . Emi_Koussi is the highest mountain in Chad , and the highest in the Sahara . Emi_Koussi is one of several in the Tibesti massif , and Emi_Koussi reaches 3445 m in altitude , rising 2.3 km above the surrounding sandstone plains . eos
is the highest mountain in Chad , and the highest in the Sahara . Emi_Koussi is one of several in the Tibesti massif , and Emi_Koussi reaches 3445 m in altitude , rising 2.3 km above the surrounding sandstone plains . Emi_Koussi is 60 by 80 km wide . eos
is one of several in the Tibesti massif , and Emi_Koussi reaches 3445 m in altitude , rising 2.3 km above the surrounding sandstone plains . Emi_Koussi is 60 by 80 km wide . Two nested calderas cap Emi_Koussi , eos
reaches 3445 m in altitude , rising 2.3 km above the surrounding sandstone plains . Emi_Koussi is 60 by 80 km wide . Two nested calderas cap Emi_Koussi , eos
is 60 by 80 km wide . Two nested calderas cap Emi_Koussi , the outer one being about 12 by 15 km in size . eos
, the outer one being about 12 by 15 km in size . Within it on the southeast side is a smaller caldera , about 2 - 3 km wide and 350 m deep . eos
. Emi_Koussi has been used as a close analog to the famous Martian volcano Elysium Mons . One of the most important morphological differences between volcanoes on Mars and Earth is the widespread furrowing of the surface due to flowing water on terrestrial volcanoes . eos
has been used as a close analog to the famous Martian volcano Elysium Mons . One of the most important morphological differences between volcanoes on Mars and Earth is the widespread furrowing of the surface due to flowing water on terrestrial volcanoes . The furrows are shallow valleys . eos
or Fan Si Pan eos
is located in the Lào Cai province in Northwest Vietnam , 9 km southwest of Sa Pa Township in the Hoang Lien Son Mountain Range . Fansipan is dubbed ` ` the Roof of Indochina '' ; Fansipan is to be approved as one of the very few ecotourist spots of Vietnam , with about 2,024 floral varieties and 327 faunal species . The topography of Fansipan is varied . eos
is dubbed ` ` the Roof of Indochina '' ; Fansipan is to be approved as one of the very few ecotourist spots of Vietnam , with about 2,024 floral varieties and 327 faunal species . The topography of Fansipan is varied . Muong Hoa Valley , at the lowest altitude ( 950 to 1 000 m ) , is created by a narrow strip of land at the base on the east side of Fansipan . eos
is to be approved as one of the very few ecotourist spots of Vietnam , with about 2,024 floral varieties and 327 faunal species . The topography of Fansipan is varied . Muong Hoa Valley , at the lowest altitude ( 950 to 1 000 m ) , is created by a narrow strip of land at the base on the east side of Fansipan . eos
is varied . Muong Hoa Valley , at the lowest altitude ( 950 to 1 000 m ) , is created by a narrow strip of land at the base on the east side of Fansipan . Fansipan can be climbed in a steep and fairly strenuous hike . eos
. Fansipan can be climbed in a steep and fairly strenuous hike . eos
can be climbed in a steep and fairly strenuous hike . eos
is a mountain range in north - eastern Papua New Guinea , at 5.8 S 146.1 E The unnamed highest point of Finisterre_Range 5 ° 57 ' 15S , 146 ° 22 ' 30E , which is ranked 45th in the world by prominence , is usually quoted at 4,175 m , but SRTM data suggests that it is nearer to 4,120 m. Finisterre_Range runs into the Saruwaged Range to the east and together they form a natural barrier between the Ramu and Markham valleys to the south and Vitiaz Strait to the north . Many rivers originate in Finisterre_Range , including the Ramu . The Finisterre Range campaign ( 1943 - 44 ) of World War II , including a series of actions known as Battle of Shaggy Ridge , saw fierce fighting between Australian and Japanese forces . eos
5 ° 57 ' 15S , 146 ° 22 ' 30E , which is ranked 45th in the world by prominence , is usually quoted at 4,175 m , but SRTM data suggests that it is nearer to 4,120 m. Finisterre_Range runs into the Saruwaged Range to the east and together they form a natural barrier between the Ramu and Markham valleys to the south and Vitiaz Strait to the north . Many rivers originate in Finisterre_Range , including the Ramu . The Finisterre Range campaign ( 1943 - 44 ) of World War II , including a series of actions known as Battle of Shaggy Ridge , saw fierce fighting between Australian and Japanese forces . eos
runs into the Saruwaged Range to the east and together they form a natural barrier between the Ramu and Markham valleys to the south and Vitiaz Strait to the north . Many rivers originate in Finisterre_Range , including the Ramu . The Finisterre Range campaign ( 1943 - 44 ) of World War II , including a series of actions known as Battle of Shaggy Ridge , saw fierce fighting between Australian and Japanese forces . eos
, including the Ramu . The Finisterre Range campaign ( 1943 - 44 ) of World War II , including a series of actions known as Battle of Shaggy Ridge , saw fierce fighting between Australian and Japanese forces . eos
is a 3,510-foot ( 1,070 m ) mountain in the US state of Alaska , located in Chugach State Park just east of Anchorage . Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is the most climbed mountain in the state . Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is usually reached by driving to the Glen Alps trailhead and following a well - maintained 1.5-mile ( 2.4-km ) trail , with an elevation gain of 1280 feet ( 390 m ) from the parking lot to the summit . eos
is the most climbed mountain in the state . Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is usually reached by driving to the Glen Alps trailhead and following a well - maintained 1.5-mile ( 2.4-km ) trail , with an elevation gain of 1280 feet ( 390 m ) from the parking lot to the summit . Since Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is the most accessible mountain to Anchorage , Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is a very popular location for hiking , climbing , berry picking , parasailing , and backcountry skiing . eos
is usually reached by driving to the Glen Alps trailhead and following a well - maintained 1.5-mile ( 2.4-km ) trail , with an elevation gain of 1280 feet ( 390 m ) from the parking lot to the summit . Since Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is the most accessible mountain to Anchorage , Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is a very popular location for hiking , climbing , berry picking , parasailing , and backcountry skiing . Campouts are held on the summit at the summer and winter solstices . eos
is the most accessible mountain to Anchorage , Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is a very popular location for hiking , climbing , berry picking , parasailing , and backcountry skiing . Campouts are held on the summit at the summer and winter solstices . Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is known for Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska panoramic views of Anchorage and the surrounding area , including Denali , Mount Foraker , and Mount Spurr . eos
is a very popular location for hiking , climbing , berry picking , parasailing , and backcountry skiing . Campouts are held on the summit at the summer and winter solstices . Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska is known for Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska panoramic views of Anchorage and the surrounding area , including Denali , Mount Foraker , and Mount Spurr . eos
is known for Flattop_Mountain_Anchorage_Alaska panoramic views of Anchorage and the surrounding area , including Denali , Mount Foraker , and Mount Spurr . eos
panoramic views of Anchorage and the surrounding area , including Denali , Mount Foraker , and Mount Spurr . eos
( 3,993 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . Fletschhorn was first climbed by J D. James with guide Ambros Supersaxo in july 1889 . The imposing north face was first ascended by E R. Blanchet with guides Oskar Supersaxo and Kaspar Mooser on 25 july 1927 . eos
was first climbed by J D. James with guide Ambros Supersaxo in july 1889 . The imposing north face was first ascended by E R. Blanchet with guides Oskar Supersaxo and Kaspar Mooser on 25 july 1927 . eos
is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , in the US state of Wyoming . Forellen_Peak is in the northern section of the range , and Forellen_Peak rises abruptly more than 2,500 feet ( 762 m ) above Owl Creek . Unlike the more impressive sections of the Teton Range to the south , Forellen_Peak is subdued and the hike to the summit from the north is nontechnical , yet requires many miles of off - trail hiking . eos
is in the northern section of the range , and Forellen_Peak rises abruptly more than 2,500 feet ( 762 m ) above Owl Creek . Unlike the more impressive sections of the Teton Range to the south , Forellen_Peak is subdued and the hike to the summit from the north is nontechnical , yet requires many miles of off - trail hiking . Access is best via the Berry Creek trail which can be reached by hiking south from the John D Rockefeller , Jr. . Memorial Parkway or by boat across the northern end of Jackson Lake . eos
rises abruptly more than 2,500 feet ( 762 m ) above Owl Creek . Unlike the more impressive sections of the Teton Range to the south , Forellen_Peak is subdued and the hike to the summit from the north is nontechnical , yet requires many miles of off - trail hiking . Access is best via the Berry Creek trail which can be reached by hiking south from the John D Rockefeller , Jr. . Memorial Parkway or by boat across the northern end of Jackson Lake . eos
is subdued and the hike to the summit from the north is nontechnical , yet requires many miles of off - trail hiking . Access is best via the Berry Creek trail which can be reached by hiking south from the John D Rockefeller , Jr. . Memorial Parkway or by boat across the northern end of Jackson Lake . eos
is the highest mountain in Norway , at 2,469 m above sea level . Galdhopiggen is located within the municipality of Lom , ( in Oppland ) in the Jotunheimen mountain area . eos
is located within the municipality of Lom , ( in Oppland ) in the Jotunheimen mountain area . eos
is the highest mountain in Bhutan and the highest unclimbed mountain in the world with an elevation of 7570 metres and a prominence of over 2990 metres . After Bhutan was opened for mountaineering in 1983 there were four expeditions that made failed summit attempts in 1985 and 1986 . However , in 1998 , a team successfully climbed a subsidiary peak of Gangkhar_Puensum from Tibet . eos
from Tibet . Gangkhar_Puensum , alternative transliteration Gangkar Punsum or Gankar Punzum ( meaning 3 mountain siblings '' ) , had Gangkhar_Puensum altitude first measured in 1922 but maps of the region are not at all accurate and Gangkhar_Puensum is shown in different locations and with markedly different heights . eos
, alternative transliteration Gangkar Punsum or Gankar Punzum ( meaning 3 mountain siblings '' ) , had Gangkhar_Puensum altitude first measured in 1922 but maps of the region are not at all accurate and Gangkhar_Puensum is shown in different locations and with markedly different heights . Indeed , because of inadequate mapping , the first team to attempt the summit was unable to find Gangkhar_Puensum at all . eos
altitude first measured in 1922 but maps of the region are not at all accurate and Gangkhar_Puensum is shown in different locations and with markedly different heights . Indeed , because of inadequate mapping , the first team to attempt the summit was unable to find Gangkhar_Puensum at all . The book of the 1986 British expedition gives Gangkhar_Puensum height as 24,770 feet and states that Gangkhar_Puensum is completely inside Bhutan , whereas the nearby Kula Kangri is completely inside Tibet . eos
is shown in different locations and with markedly different heights . Indeed , because of inadequate mapping , the first team to attempt the summit was unable to find Gangkhar_Puensum at all . The book of the 1986 British expedition gives Gangkhar_Puensum height as 24,770 feet and states that Gangkhar_Puensum is completely inside Bhutan , whereas the nearby Kula Kangri is completely inside Tibet . eos
at all . The book of the 1986 British expedition gives Gangkhar_Puensum height as 24,770 feet and states that Gangkhar_Puensum is completely inside Bhutan , whereas the nearby Kula Kangri is completely inside Tibet . Kula Kangri , 7554 metres , is a separate mountain 30 km to the northeast which was first climbed in 1986 . eos
height as 24,770 feet and states that Gangkhar_Puensum is completely inside Bhutan , whereas the nearby Kula Kangri is completely inside Tibet . Kula Kangri , 7554 metres , is a separate mountain 30 km to the northeast which was first climbed in 1986 . It is variously mapped and described as being in Tibet or Bhutan . eos
is completely inside Bhutan , whereas the nearby Kula Kangri is completely inside Tibet . Kula Kangri , 7554 metres , is a separate mountain 30 km to the northeast which was first climbed in 1986 . It is variously mapped and described as being in Tibet or Bhutan . eos
unique status for some time : Any higher unclimbed peaks in the world are likely to be subsidiary tops , not separate mountains . In 1998 a Japanese expedition secured permission from the Chinese Mountaineering Association to climb Gangkhar_Puensum , but permission was withdrawn because of a political issue with Bhutan . Instead , in 1999 , the team set off from Tibet and successfully climbed the 7535 metre subsidiary peak , Liankang Kangri ( also known as Gangkhar Puensum North ) . eos
may keep Gangkhar_Puensum unique status for some time : Any higher unclimbed peaks in the world are likely to be subsidiary tops , not separate mountains . In 1998 a Japanese expedition secured permission from the Chinese Mountaineering Association to climb Gangkhar_Puensum , but permission was withdrawn because of a political issue with Bhutan . Instead , in 1999 , the team set off from Tibet and successfully climbed the 7535 metre subsidiary peak , Liankang Kangri ( also known as Gangkhar Puensum North ) . eos
, but permission was withdrawn because of a political issue with Bhutan . Instead , in 1999 , the team set off from Tibet and successfully climbed the 7535 metre subsidiary peak , Liankang Kangri ( also known as Gangkhar Puensum North ) . Unlike most maps , the expedition 's report shows this summit as being in Tibet and the Tibet - Bhutan border is shown crossing the summit of Gangkhar_Puensum , described as ` ` the highest peak in Bhutan , '' at 7570 metres . eos
, described as ` ` the highest peak in Bhutan , '' at 7570 metres . This elevation is supported by Japanese sources , in turn based on Chinese sources . Gangkhar_Puensum has not been surveyed by Bhutan . eos
has not been surveyed by Bhutan . eos
is the highest peak in the US state of Wyoming and Gannett_Peak straddles the boundary between Fremont and Sublette Counties along the Continental Divide . Geographically , Gannett_Peak is the apex of the entire Central Rockies ; the largely continuous group of the chain occupying the states of Wyoming , Idaho and Montana . Named in 1906 for American geographer Henry Gannett , Gannett_Peak is also the highpoint of the Wind River Range . The mountain slopes are located in both Bridger - Teton National Forest and Shoshone National Forest . eos
straddles the boundary between Fremont and Sublette Counties along the Continental Divide . Geographically , Gannett_Peak is the apex of the entire Central Rockies ; the largely continuous group of the chain occupying the states of Wyoming , Idaho and Montana . Named in 1906 for American geographer Henry Gannett , Gannett_Peak is also the highpoint of the Wind River Range . The mountain slopes are located in both Bridger - Teton National Forest and Shoshone National Forest . eos
is the apex of the entire Central Rockies ; the largely continuous group of the chain occupying the states of Wyoming , Idaho and Montana . Named in 1906 for American geographer Henry Gannett , Gannett_Peak is also the highpoint of the Wind River Range . The mountain slopes are located in both Bridger - Teton National Forest and Shoshone National Forest . Gannett_Peak is the highest peak within what is better known as the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem . eos
is also the highpoint of the Wind River Range . The mountain slopes are located in both Bridger - Teton National Forest and Shoshone National Forest . Gannett_Peak is the highest peak within what is better known as the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem . eos
is the highest peak within what is better known as the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem . The 896 acre ( 3.63 km ² ) Gannett Glacier , which is likely the largest single glacier in the Rocky Mountains of the US , flows down from the northern slopes of Gannett_Peak . Minor Glacier is situated in the western cirque of Gannett_Peak while Dinwoody and Gooseneck Glaciers can be found on the southeast side of Gannett_Peak . eos
. Minor Glacier is situated in the western cirque of Gannett_Peak while Dinwoody and Gooseneck Glaciers can be found on the southeast side of Gannett_Peak . Gannett_Peak is commonly climbed on a four to six day round - trip , and Gannett_Peak is considered amongst mountaineers as second only to Alaska 's Denali in difficulty of state high points . eos
while Dinwoody and Gooseneck Glaciers can be found on the southeast side of Gannett_Peak . Gannett_Peak is commonly climbed on a four to six day round - trip , and Gannett_Peak is considered amongst mountaineers as second only to Alaska 's Denali in difficulty of state high points . However , many climbers rank Gannett_Peak behind both Denali and Montana 's Granite Peak , which , in 1923 , was the last state high point climbed . eos
. Gannett_Peak is commonly climbed on a four to six day round - trip , and Gannett_Peak is considered amongst mountaineers as second only to Alaska 's Denali in difficulty of state high points . However , many climbers rank Gannett_Peak behind both Denali and Montana 's Granite Peak , which , in 1923 , was the last state high point climbed . eos
is considered amongst mountaineers as second only to Alaska 's Denali in difficulty of state high points . However , many climbers rank Gannett_Peak behind both Denali and Montana 's Granite Peak , which , in 1923 , was the last state high point climbed . eos
is commonly climbed on a four to six day round - trip , and Gannett_Peak is considered amongst mountaineers as second only to Alaska 's Denali in difficulty of state high points . However , many climbers rank Gannett_Peak behind both Denali and Montana 's Granite Peak , which , in 1923 , was the last state high point climbed . eos
behind both Denali and Montana 's Granite Peak , which , in 1923 , was the last state high point climbed . eos
( also known as Hidden Peak or K5 ) is the 11th highest peak on Earth , located on the border of China - Kashmir . Gasherbrum_I is part of the Gasherbrum massif , located in the Karakoram region of the Himalaya . Gasherbrum is often claimed to mean ` ` Shining Wall '' , presumably a reference to the highly visible face of the neighboring peak Gasherbrum IV ; but in fact it comes from ` ` rgasha '' ( beautiful ) + ` ` brum '' ( mountain ) in Balti , hence it actually means ` ` beautiful mountain . '' eos
is part of the Gasherbrum massif , located in the Karakoram region of the Himalaya . Gasherbrum is often claimed to mean ` ` Shining Wall '' , presumably a reference to the highly visible face of the neighboring peak Gasherbrum IV ; but in fact it comes from ` ` rgasha '' ( beautiful ) + ` ` brum '' ( mountain ) in Balti , hence it actually means ` ` beautiful mountain . '' Gasherbrum_I was designated K5 ( meaning the 5th peak of the Karakoram ) by TG Montgomery in 1856 when he first spotted the peaks of the Karakoram from more than 200 km away during the Great Trigonometric Survey of India . eos
was designated K5 ( meaning the 5th peak of the Karakoram ) by TG Montgomery in 1856 when he first spotted the peaks of the Karakoram from more than 200 km away during the Great Trigonometric Survey of India . In 1892 , William Martin Conway provided the alternate name , Hidden Peak , in reference to Gasherbrum_I extreme remoteness . Gasherbrum_I was first climbed on july 5 1958 by Pete Schoening and Andy Kauffman of an eight - man American expedition led by Nicholas B Clinch . eos
extreme remoteness . Gasherbrum_I was first climbed on july 5 1958 by Pete Schoening and Andy Kauffman of an eight - man American expedition led by Nicholas B Clinch . Richard K Irvin , Tom Nevison , Tom McCormack , Bob Swift and Gil Roberts were also members of the team . eos
was first climbed on july 5 1958 by Pete Schoening and Andy Kauffman of an eight - man American expedition led by Nicholas B Clinch . Richard K Irvin , Tom Nevison , Tom McCormack , Bob Swift and Gil Roberts were also members of the team . eos
is a summit in the Gasherbrum massif of the Baltoro Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram on the border between Pakistan and China , in the region of Baltistan . Gasherbrum_III is situated between Gasherbrum II and IV . Gasherbrum_III fails to meet a 500 metre topographic prominence cutoff to be an independent mountain ; hence Gasherbrum_III can be considered a subpeak of Gasherbrum II . eos
is situated between Gasherbrum II and IV . Gasherbrum_III fails to meet a 500 metre topographic prominence cutoff to be an independent mountain ; hence Gasherbrum_III can be considered a subpeak of Gasherbrum II . Gasherbrum_III was one of the highest unclimbed summits in the world up to Gasherbrum_III first ascent in 1975 , by Wanda Rutkiewicz , Alison Chadwick - Onyszkiewicz , Janusz Onyszkiewicz and Krystof Zdzitowiecki , members of a Polish expedition . eos
fails to meet a 500 metre topographic prominence cutoff to be an independent mountain ; hence Gasherbrum_III can be considered a subpeak of Gasherbrum II . Gasherbrum_III was one of the highest unclimbed summits in the world up to Gasherbrum_III first ascent in 1975 , by Wanda Rutkiewicz , Alison Chadwick - Onyszkiewicz , Janusz Onyszkiewicz and Krystof Zdzitowiecki , members of a Polish expedition . eos
can be considered a subpeak of Gasherbrum II . Gasherbrum_III was one of the highest unclimbed summits in the world up to Gasherbrum_III first ascent in 1975 , by Wanda Rutkiewicz , Alison Chadwick - Onyszkiewicz , Janusz Onyszkiewicz and Krystof Zdzitowiecki , members of a Polish expedition . eos
was one of the highest unclimbed summits in the world up to Gasherbrum_III first ascent in 1975 , by Wanda Rutkiewicz , Alison Chadwick - Onyszkiewicz , Janusz Onyszkiewicz and Krystof Zdzitowiecki , members of a Polish expedition . eos
first ascent in 1975 , by Wanda Rutkiewicz , Alison Chadwick - Onyszkiewicz , Janusz Onyszkiewicz and Krystof Zdzitowiecki , members of a Polish expedition . eos
is the 17th highest mountain on Earth and the 6th highest in Pakistan . Gasherbrum_IV is one of the peaks in the Gasherbrum massif . The Gasherbrums are a remote group of peaks located at the northeastern end of the Baltoro Glacier in the Karakoram range of the Himalaya . eos
is one of the peaks in the Gasherbrum massif . The Gasherbrums are a remote group of peaks located at the northeastern end of the Baltoro Glacier in the Karakoram range of the Himalaya . The massif contains three of the world 's 8,000 metre peaks ( if one includes Broad Peak ) . eos
; but in fact it comes from ` ` rgasha '' ( beautiful ) + ` ` brum '' ( mountain ) in Balti , hence it actually means ` ` beautiful mountain . '' eos
is a mountain in the Gasherbrum massif , located in the Karakoram range of the Himalaya . Gasherbrum is a remote group of peaks located at the northeastern end of the Baltoro Glacier in the Karakoram range of the Himalaya . The massif contains three of the world 's 8,000 metre peaks ( if one includes Broad Peak ) . eos
is more likely to be around 7,150 m high . The Russian military 1:100,000 topographical map shows a height of 7,120 m . The currently most accurate map of the region probably is that in the series of ` ` Maps of Snow Mountains in China '' , which gives a height of 7,147 m. eos
is the highest peak in the High Tatras , in Slovakia , and in the whole 1,500 km ( 900 mi . ) long Carpathian mountain chain , as well as in northern and eastern Central Europe . Usually listed at 2,655 m AMSL ( 8,711 ft . ) , Gerlachovsky_stit exact elevation is actually 0.6 m ( 2 ft . ) lower . eos
exact elevation is actually 0.6 m ( 2 ft . ) lower . The pyramidal shape of the massif is marked by a huge cirque . Despite Gerlachovsky_stit relatively low elevation , the about 2,000 m vertical rise from the valley floor makes Gerlachovsky_stit soar . eos
relatively low elevation , the about 2,000 m vertical rise from the valley floor makes Gerlachovsky_stit soar . Mistaken for an average mountain in the rugged High Tatras range in the more distant past , Gerlachovsky_stit has since played a symbolic role in the eyes of the rulers and populations of several Central European nations , to the point that between the 19th and mid-20thcentury , Gerlachovsky_stit had four different names with six name reversals . Gerlachovsky_stit managed to be the highest mountain of the Kingdom of Hungary , and of the countries of Czechoslovakia and Slovakia within the span of only about two decades of the 20th century . eos
soar . Mistaken for an average mountain in the rugged High Tatras range in the more distant past , Gerlachovsky_stit has since played a symbolic role in the eyes of the rulers and populations of several Central European nations , to the point that between the 19th and mid-20thcentury , Gerlachovsky_stit had four different names with six name reversals . Gerlachovsky_stit managed to be the highest mountain of the Kingdom of Hungary , and of the countries of Czechoslovakia and Slovakia within the span of only about two decades of the 20th century . eos
has since played a symbolic role in the eyes of the rulers and populations of several Central European nations , to the point that between the 19th and mid-20thcentury , Gerlachovsky_stit had four different names with six name reversals . Gerlachovsky_stit managed to be the highest mountain of the Kingdom of Hungary , and of the countries of Czechoslovakia and Slovakia within the span of only about two decades of the 20th century . Gerlachovsky_stit shares Gerlachovsky_stit geology and ecology with the rest of the High Tatras , but Gerlachovsky_stit provides a worthwhile environment for biologists as the highest ground anywhere in Europe north of the parallel linking approximately Munich , Salzburg , and Vienna . eos
had four different names with six name reversals . Gerlachovsky_stit managed to be the highest mountain of the Kingdom of Hungary , and of the countries of Czechoslovakia and Slovakia within the span of only about two decades of the 20th century . Gerlachovsky_stit shares Gerlachovsky_stit geology and ecology with the rest of the High Tatras , but Gerlachovsky_stit provides a worthwhile environment for biologists as the highest ground anywhere in Europe north of the parallel linking approximately Munich , Salzburg , and Vienna . eos
managed to be the highest mountain of the Kingdom of Hungary , and of the countries of Czechoslovakia and Slovakia within the span of only about two decades of the 20th century . Gerlachovsky_stit shares Gerlachovsky_stit geology and ecology with the rest of the High Tatras , but Gerlachovsky_stit provides a worthwhile environment for biologists as the highest ground anywhere in Europe north of the parallel linking approximately Munich , Salzburg , and Vienna . Gerlachovsky_stit used to be particularly treasured as the loftiest point to climb to by Czechs , eastern Germans , Hungarians , Poles , and Slovaks during the period of restricted travel in the 20th century . eos
provides a worthwhile environment for biologists as the highest ground anywhere in Europe north of the parallel linking approximately Munich , Salzburg , and Vienna . Gerlachovsky_stit used to be particularly treasured as the loftiest point to climb to by Czechs , eastern Germans , Hungarians , Poles , and Slovaks during the period of restricted travel in the 20th century . Gerlachovsky_stit continues to attract Gerlachovsky_stit share of visitors although the local authorities have been continually adding new restrictions on access . eos
shares Gerlachovsky_stit geology and ecology with the rest of the High Tatras , but Gerlachovsky_stit provides a worthwhile environment for biologists as the highest ground anywhere in Europe north of the parallel linking approximately Munich , Salzburg , and Vienna . Gerlachovsky_stit used to be particularly treasured as the loftiest point to climb to by Czechs , eastern Germans , Hungarians , Poles , and Slovaks during the period of restricted travel in the 20th century . Gerlachovsky_stit continues to attract Gerlachovsky_stit share of visitors although the local authorities have been continually adding new restrictions on access . eos
geology and ecology with the rest of the High Tatras , but Gerlachovsky_stit provides a worthwhile environment for biologists as the highest ground anywhere in Europe north of the parallel linking approximately Munich , Salzburg , and Vienna . Gerlachovsky_stit used to be particularly treasured as the loftiest point to climb to by Czechs , eastern Germans , Hungarians , Poles , and Slovaks during the period of restricted travel in the 20th century . Gerlachovsky_stit continues to attract Gerlachovsky_stit share of visitors although the local authorities have been continually adding new restrictions on access . eos
used to be particularly treasured as the loftiest point to climb to by Czechs , eastern Germans , Hungarians , Poles , and Slovaks during the period of restricted travel in the 20th century . Gerlachovsky_stit continues to attract Gerlachovsky_stit share of visitors although the local authorities have been continually adding new restrictions on access . The view from the top is readily enhanced by the hikers ' hard - to - beet feeling that in about a 200-degree arc , no one is standing taller than they are , except thousands of miles away , far beyond the curvature of the earth . eos
continues to attract Gerlachovsky_stit share of visitors although the local authorities have been continually adding new restrictions on access . The view from the top is readily enhanced by the hikers ' hard - to - beet feeling that in about a 200-degree arc , no one is standing taller than they are , except thousands of miles away , far beyond the curvature of the earth . eos
share of visitors although the local authorities have been continually adding new restrictions on access . The view from the top is readily enhanced by the hikers ' hard - to - beet feeling that in about a 200-degree arc , no one is standing taller than they are , except thousands of miles away , far beyond the curvature of the earth . eos
( or Mount Ghent , Ghaint I ) is a high peak at the north end of the Saltoro Mountains , a subrange of the Karakoram range . Ghent_Kangri is located in Ladakh district of India , near the Line of Control . Ghent_Kangri was first climbed on 4 june 1961 , by Wolfgang Axt , a member of an Austrian expedition lead by Erich Waschak , via the West Ridge . eos
is located in Ladakh district of India , near the Line of Control . Ghent_Kangri was first climbed on 4 june 1961 , by Wolfgang Axt , a member of an Austrian expedition lead by Erich Waschak , via the West Ridge . He climbed solo above the high camp . eos
was first climbed on 4 june 1961 , by Wolfgang Axt , a member of an Austrian expedition lead by Erich Waschak , via the West Ridge . He climbed solo above the high camp . According to the Index , there have been three subsequent ascents of Ghent_Kangri , in 1977 , 1980 , and 1984 . eos
, in 1977 , 1980 , and 1984 . eos
( known in the Sauk Indian dialect of Lushootseed as ` ` Tda - ko - buh - ba '' or ` ` Takobia '' ) is the most remote of the five major volcanoes in the Cascade Volcanic Belt in Washington . Glacier_Peak is not prominently visible from any major population center , and so Glacier_Peak attractions , as well as Glacier_Peak hazards , tend to be overlooked . eos
is not prominently visible from any major population center , and so Glacier_Peak attractions , as well as Glacier_Peak hazards , tend to be overlooked . Yet since the end of the last ice age , Glacier_Peak has produced some of the largest and most explosive eruptions in the state . During this time period , Glacier_Peak has erupted multiple times during at least six separate episodes , most recently about 200 - 300 years ago . eos
attractions , as well as Glacier_Peak hazards , tend to be overlooked . Yet since the end of the last ice age , Glacier_Peak has produced some of the largest and most explosive eruptions in the state . During this time period , Glacier_Peak has erupted multiple times during at least six separate episodes , most recently about 200 - 300 years ago . eos
hazards , tend to be overlooked . Yet since the end of the last ice age , Glacier_Peak has produced some of the largest and most explosive eruptions in the state . During this time period , Glacier_Peak has erupted multiple times during at least six separate episodes , most recently about 200 - 300 years ago . eos
has produced some of the largest and most explosive eruptions in the state . During this time period , Glacier_Peak has erupted multiple times during at least six separate episodes , most recently about 200 - 300 years ago . The stunning snow - capped volcanoes of Washington have long been recognized by Native Americans in their language and legends , and they immediately caught the eyes of US and European explorers in the late 18th and early 19th centuries . eos
has erupted multiple times during at least six separate episodes , most recently about 200 - 300 years ago . The stunning snow - capped volcanoes of Washington have long been recognized by Native Americans in their language and legends , and they immediately caught the eyes of US and European explorers in the late 18th and early 19th centuries . By the 1790s , Mounts Baker , Rainier , and St. Helens were noted and named in the first written descriptions of the Columbia River and Puget Sound regions . eos
was n't known by settlers to be a volcano until the 1850s , when Native Americans mentioned to naturalist George Gibbs that ` ` another smaller peak to the north of Mount Rainier once smoked . '' Not until 1898 did Glacier_Peak appear on a published map under Glacier_Peak current name . Glacier_Peak is situated in Snohomish County , only 70 miles ( 112 km ) northeast of Seattle - closer to that city than any volcano except Mount Rainier . eos
appear on a published map under Glacier_Peak current name . Glacier_Peak is situated in Snohomish County , only 70 miles ( 112 km ) northeast of Seattle - closer to that city than any volcano except Mount Rainier . But unlike Mount Rainier , Glacier_Peak rises only a few thousand feet above neighboring peaks , and from coastal communities Glacier_Peak appears merely as a high point along a snowy saw - toothed skyline . eos
current name . Glacier_Peak is situated in Snohomish County , only 70 miles ( 112 km ) northeast of Seattle - closer to that city than any volcano except Mount Rainier . But unlike Mount Rainier , Glacier_Peak rises only a few thousand feet above neighboring peaks , and from coastal communities Glacier_Peak appears merely as a high point along a snowy saw - toothed skyline . eos
is situated in Snohomish County , only 70 miles ( 112 km ) northeast of Seattle - closer to that city than any volcano except Mount Rainier . But unlike Mount Rainier , Glacier_Peak rises only a few thousand feet above neighboring peaks , and from coastal communities Glacier_Peak appears merely as a high point along a snowy saw - toothed skyline . Yet Glacier_Peak has been one of the most active of Washington 's volcanoes . eos
rises only a few thousand feet above neighboring peaks , and from coastal communities Glacier_Peak appears merely as a high point along a snowy saw - toothed skyline . Yet Glacier_Peak has been one of the most active of Washington 's volcanoes . Since the continental ice sheets receded from the region , Glacier_Peak has erupted repeatedly during at least six episodes . eos
appears merely as a high point along a snowy saw - toothed skyline . Yet Glacier_Peak has been one of the most active of Washington 's volcanoes . Since the continental ice sheets receded from the region , Glacier_Peak has erupted repeatedly during at least six episodes . eos
has been one of the most active of Washington 's volcanoes . Since the continental ice sheets receded from the region , Glacier_Peak has erupted repeatedly during at least six episodes . Two of these eruptions were among the largest in Washington during the past 15,000 years . eos
has erupted repeatedly during at least six episodes . Two of these eruptions were among the largest in Washington during the past 15,000 years . eos
is located in Glacier National Park ( US ) and Going_to_the_Sun_Mountain rises dramatically above St. Mary valley just north of the Going - to - the - Sun Road . Numerous Blackfeet Indian legends are credited with the origins of Going_to_the_Sun_Mountain name . Used by the Blackfeet as a location for vision quests , Going_to_the_Sun_Mountain is one of the most accessible major mountain peaks in Glacier National Park . eos
rises dramatically above St. Mary valley just north of the Going - to - the - Sun Road . Numerous Blackfeet Indian legends are credited with the origins of Going_to_the_Sun_Mountain name . Used by the Blackfeet as a location for vision quests , Going_to_the_Sun_Mountain is one of the most accessible major mountain peaks in Glacier National Park . eos
name . Used by the Blackfeet as a location for vision quests , Going_to_the_Sun_Mountain is one of the most accessible major mountain peaks in Glacier National Park . According to several sources , the actual Blackfeet name for Going_to_the_Sun_Mountain is The - Face - of - Sour - Spirit - Who - Went - Back - to - eos
is one of the most accessible major mountain peaks in Glacier National Park . According to several sources , the actual Blackfeet name for Going_to_the_Sun_Mountain is The - Face - of - Sour - Spirit - Who - Went - Back - to - The - Sun - After - His - Work eos
is The - Face - of - Sour - Spirit - Who - Went - Back - to - The - Sun - After - His - Work - Was - Done Mountain , in explanation of the snowfields on the mountainside which , as viewed from the west , make the outline of a face . eos
is a mountain located in the Vancouver Island Ranges on Vancouver Island , British Columbia . At 2,198 m ( 7,211 ft ) , Golden_Hinde_mountain is the highest peak on the island . Golden_Hinde_mountain is located near the centre of the 2,450 km ² ( 605,000 acre ) Strathcona Provincial Park , at the head of Wolf River and to the west of Buttle Lake , about east of the community of Gold River . eos
is the highest peak on the island . Golden_Hinde_mountain is located near the centre of the 2,450 km ² ( 605,000 acre ) Strathcona Provincial Park , at the head of Wolf River and to the west of Buttle Lake , about east of the community of Gold River . Golden_Hinde_mountain is popular with experienced backcountry climbers , having been first ascended in 1913 . eos
is located near the centre of the 2,450 km ² ( 605,000 acre ) Strathcona Provincial Park , at the head of Wolf River and to the west of Buttle Lake , about east of the community of Gold River . Golden_Hinde_mountain is popular with experienced backcountry climbers , having been first ascended in 1913 . Golden_Hinde_mountain is made of basalt which is part of the Karmutsen Formation . eos
is popular with experienced backcountry climbers , having been first ascended in 1913 . Golden_Hinde_mountain is made of basalt which is part of the Karmutsen Formation . Golden_Hinde_mountain was named for Sir Francis Drake 's ship , the Golden Hinde , by an early fur - trading captain , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as sunset hit Golden_Hinde_mountain , Golden_Hinde_mountain is visible from the west coast of the Island . eos
is made of basalt which is part of the Karmutsen Formation . Golden_Hinde_mountain was named for Sir Francis Drake 's ship , the Golden Hinde , by an early fur - trading captain , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as sunset hit Golden_Hinde_mountain , Golden_Hinde_mountain is visible from the west coast of the Island . The present name was n't officially conferred until 1938 , but this was done after a reference to Golden_Hinde_mountain in one of logs of the early fur - trading captains , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as the golden light of sunset hit Golden_Hinde_mountain , Golden_Hinde_mountain is visible from the west coast of the Island . eos
was named for Sir Francis Drake 's ship , the Golden Hinde , by an early fur - trading captain , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as sunset hit Golden_Hinde_mountain , Golden_Hinde_mountain is visible from the west coast of the Island . The present name was n't officially conferred until 1938 , but this was done after a reference to Golden_Hinde_mountain in one of logs of the early fur - trading captains , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as the golden light of sunset hit Golden_Hinde_mountain , Golden_Hinde_mountain is visible from the west coast of the Island . The alternative name ` ` The Rooster 's Comb '' was used by early alpinists because of Golden_Hinde_mountain appearance . eos
, Golden_Hinde_mountain is visible from the west coast of the Island . The present name was n't officially conferred until 1938 , but this was done after a reference to Golden_Hinde_mountain in one of logs of the early fur - trading captains , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as the golden light of sunset hit Golden_Hinde_mountain , Golden_Hinde_mountain is visible from the west coast of the Island . The alternative name ` ` The Rooster 's Comb '' was used by early alpinists because of Golden_Hinde_mountain appearance . eos
is visible from the west coast of the Island . The present name was n't officially conferred until 1938 , but this was done after a reference to Golden_Hinde_mountain in one of logs of the early fur - trading captains , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as the golden light of sunset hit Golden_Hinde_mountain , Golden_Hinde_mountain is visible from the west coast of the Island . The alternative name ` ` The Rooster 's Comb '' was used by early alpinists because of Golden_Hinde_mountain appearance . eos
, Golden_Hinde_mountain is visible from the west coast of the Island . The alternative name ` ` The Rooster 's Comb '' was used by early alpinists because of Golden_Hinde_mountain appearance . eos
is visible from the west coast of the Island . The alternative name ` ` The Rooster 's Comb '' was used by early alpinists because of Golden_Hinde_mountain appearance . eos
in one of logs of the early fur - trading captains , who was reminded of Drake 's ship as the golden light of sunset hit Golden_Hinde_mountain , Golden_Hinde_mountain is visible from the west coast of the Island . The alternative name ` ` The Rooster 's Comb '' was used by early alpinists because of Golden_Hinde_mountain appearance . eos
appearance . eos
( 3,962 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . The first ascent of Grand_Cornier was made via the east ridge by Edward Whymper , Christian Almer , Michel Croz and F Biner on 16 june 1865 . The Mountet hut ( 2,886 m ) and Moiry hut ( 2,825 m ) are used for the normal routes . eos
was made via the east ridge by Edward Whymper , Christian Almer , Michel Croz and F Biner on 16 june 1865 . The Mountet hut ( 2,886 m ) and Moiry hut ( 2,825 m ) are used for the normal routes . eos
is the highest mountain within Grand Teton National Park , and the second highest in the US state of Wyoming . The origin of the name is controversial . The most common explanation is that ` ` Grand Teton '' means ` ` large teat '' in French , named by either French - Canadian or Iroquois members of an expedition led by Donald McKenzie of the Northwest Company . eos
was named after the Teton Sioux tribe of Native Americans . There is a controversy over who made the first ascent of Grand_Teton . Nathaniel Langford and James Stevenson claimed to reach the summit on july 29 , 1872 . eos
. Nathaniel Langford and James Stevenson claimed to reach the summit on july 29 , 1872 . However , their description and sketches match the summit of The Enclosure : side peak of Grand_Teton . eos
. The Enclosure is named after a man - made palisade of rocks on its summit , probably constructed by Native Americans . When William O Owen climbed the true summit in 1898 , he found no trace of prior human passage . eos
( 4,208 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc range . The first ascent of the highest peak of Grandes_Jorasses ( Pointe Walker ) was by Horace Walker with guides Melchior Anderegg , Johann Jaun and Julien Grange on 30 june 1868 . The second - highest peak on Grandes_Jorasses ( Pointe Whymper , 4,184 m ) was first climbed by Edward Whymper , Christian Almer , Michel Croz and Franz Biner on june 24 1865 , using what has become the normal route of ascent and the one followed by Walker 's party in 1868 . eos
( Pointe Walker ) was by Horace Walker with guides Melchior Anderegg , Johann Jaun and Julien Grange on 30 june 1868 . The second - highest peak on Grandes_Jorasses ( Pointe Whymper , 4,184 m ) was first climbed by Edward Whymper , Christian Almer , Michel Croz and Franz Biner on june 24 1865 , using what has become the normal route of ascent and the one followed by Walker 's party in 1868 . The other summits on Grandes_Jorasses are Pointe Croz ( 4,110 m ) , Pointe Margherita ( 4,065 m ) , Pointe Elena ( 4,045 m ) and Pointe Young ( 3,996 m ) . eos
( Pointe Whymper , 4,184 m ) was first climbed by Edward Whymper , Christian Almer , Michel Croz and Franz Biner on june 24 1865 , using what has become the normal route of ascent and the one followed by Walker 's party in 1868 . The other summits on Grandes_Jorasses are Pointe Croz ( 4,110 m ) , Pointe Margherita ( 4,065 m ) , Pointe Elena ( 4,045 m ) and Pointe Young ( 3,996 m ) . eos
are Pointe Croz ( 4,110 m ) , Pointe Margherita ( 4,065 m ) , Pointe Elena ( 4,045 m ) and Pointe Young ( 3,996 m ) . eos
is the highest point in the state of Montana , USA . Granite_Peak_Montana lies within the Absaroka - Beartooth Wilderness , in Park County very near the borders of Stillwater County and Carbon County . Granite_Peak_Montana is 10 mi north of the Wyoming border , southwest of Columbus , Montana . eos
lies within the Absaroka - Beartooth Wilderness , in Park County very near the borders of Stillwater County and Carbon County . Granite_Peak_Montana is 10 mi north of the Wyoming border , southwest of Columbus , Montana . Granite_Peak_Montana is one of the most difficult US state highpoint ascents , due to technical climbing , poor weather , and route finding . eos
is 10 mi north of the Wyoming border , southwest of Columbus , Montana . Granite_Peak_Montana is one of the most difficult US state highpoint ascents , due to technical climbing , poor weather , and route finding . Granite_Peak_Montana first ascent was made by Elers Koch on august 29 , 1923 after several failed attempts by others . eos
is one of the most difficult US state highpoint ascents , due to technical climbing , poor weather , and route finding . Granite_Peak_Montana first ascent was made by Elers Koch on august 29 , 1923 after several failed attempts by others . Granite_Peak_Montana was the last of the state highpoints to be climbed . eos
first ascent was made by Elers Koch on august 29 , 1923 after several failed attempts by others . Granite_Peak_Montana was the last of the state highpoints to be climbed . Today , climbers typically spend two or three days ascending Granite_Peak_Montana , stopping over on the Froze - to - Death Plateau . eos
was the last of the state highpoints to be climbed . Today , climbers typically spend two or three days ascending Granite_Peak_Montana , stopping over on the Froze - to - Death Plateau . However , other climbers choose to ascend Granite_Peak_Montana in a single day . eos
, stopping over on the Froze - to - Death Plateau . However , other climbers choose to ascend Granite_Peak_Montana in a single day . Please be cautious at the snow bridge . eos
in a single day . Please be cautious at the snow bridge . a few unroped climbers have perished here . eos
is located in Yellowstone National Park , in the US state of Wyoming . eos
is the highest mountain in the Front Range of the Southern Rocky Mountains in the US State of Colorado . Grays_Peak is one of 54 fourteeners ( mountains of over 14,000 feet ( 4,268 m ) in elevation ) in Colorado . Grays_Peak nearest major city is Denver . eos
is one of 54 fourteeners ( mountains of over 14,000 feet ( 4,268 m ) in elevation ) in Colorado . Grays_Peak nearest major city is Denver . The first man to ascend Grays_Peak , botanist Charles C Parry , named Grays_Peak for his botanist colleague Asa Gray . eos
nearest major city is Denver . The first man to ascend Grays_Peak , botanist Charles C Parry , named Grays_Peak for his botanist colleague Asa Gray . Gray actually did not see Grays_Peak until 1872 , 11 years later . eos
, botanist Charles C Parry , named Grays_Peak for his botanist colleague Asa Gray . Gray actually did not see Grays_Peak until 1872 , 11 years later . Grays_Peak is nearly always mentioned in conjunction with nearby Torreys Peak . eos
for his botanist colleague Asa Gray . Gray actually did not see Grays_Peak until 1872 , 11 years later . Grays_Peak is nearly always mentioned in conjunction with nearby Torreys Peak . eos
until 1872 , 11 years later . Grays_Peak is nearly always mentioned in conjunction with nearby Torreys Peak . Grays_Peak is located on the Continental Divide , as well as the boundary between Clear Creek County and Summit County . eos
is nearly always mentioned in conjunction with nearby Torreys Peak . Grays_Peak is located on the Continental Divide , as well as the boundary between Clear Creek County and Summit County . Grays_Peak summit is the highest point exactly on the Continental Divide . eos
is located on the Continental Divide , as well as the boundary between Clear Creek County and Summit County . Grays_Peak summit is the highest point exactly on the Continental Divide . ( There are higher summits , such as Mount Elbert , which are near the Divide . ) eos
summit is the highest point exactly on the Continental Divide . ( There are higher summits , such as Mount Elbert , which are near the Divide . ) Like the other fourteeners nearby , Grays_Peak is considered to be an easy hike by fourteener standards , and Grays_Peak is very popular among weekend climbers . eos
is considered to be an easy hike by fourteener standards , and Grays_Peak is very popular among weekend climbers . Usually a climb to the summit of Grays_Peak is accompanied by continuing on to Torreys Peak , less than a mile away . The main trail departs from Stevens Gulch , to the northeast . eos
is very popular among weekend climbers . Usually a climb to the summit of Grays_Peak is accompanied by continuing on to Torreys Peak , less than a mile away . The main trail departs from Stevens Gulch , to the northeast . eos
is accompanied by continuing on to Torreys Peak , less than a mile away . The main trail departs from Stevens Gulch , to the northeast . To get to the Stevens Gulch Trailhead , take I-70 west from Denver about 50 miles ( 80 km ) to Bakerville . eos
is a hill in the Eastern Fells of the English Lake District . Great_Mell_Fell is a north - eastern outlier of the Helvellyn range , but , like Great_Mell_Fell twin Little Mell Fell , Great_Mell_Fell is isolated from Great_Mell_Fell fellows , standing in the middle of a flat plain . Presenting a symmetrical domed profile from almost all aspects , Great_Mell_Fell conspires to appear almost artificial , akin to jelly turned out of a giant mould . eos
is a north - eastern outlier of the Helvellyn range , but , like Great_Mell_Fell twin Little Mell Fell , Great_Mell_Fell is isolated from Great_Mell_Fell fellows , standing in the middle of a flat plain . Presenting a symmetrical domed profile from almost all aspects , Great_Mell_Fell conspires to appear almost artificial , akin to jelly turned out of a giant mould . eos
twin Little Mell Fell , Great_Mell_Fell is isolated from Great_Mell_Fell fellows , standing in the middle of a flat plain . Presenting a symmetrical domed profile from almost all aspects , Great_Mell_Fell conspires to appear almost artificial , akin to jelly turned out of a giant mould . eos
is isolated from Great_Mell_Fell fellows , standing in the middle of a flat plain . Presenting a symmetrical domed profile from almost all aspects , Great_Mell_Fell conspires to appear almost artificial , akin to jelly turned out of a giant mould . eos
fellows , standing in the middle of a flat plain . Presenting a symmetrical domed profile from almost all aspects , Great_Mell_Fell conspires to appear almost artificial , akin to jelly turned out of a giant mould . eos
conspires to appear almost artificial , akin to jelly turned out of a giant mould . eos
is a mountain located in the Bow River valley , across from Canmore , Alberta , Canada . There are two main scrambling routes : * Northwest Variation - from the ACC clubhouse , ascends the northwest side of Grotto_Mountain on a good hiking trail . eos
on a good hiking trail . At tree line , the trail narrows to the false summit . From there , it is a gradual ascent to the summit with brief stints of scrambling but mostly hiking . eos
is a ski area and tourist attraction located in the District of North Vancouver , British Columbia . Grouse_Mountain is home to the Tyee Ski Club , an organization for training children and youth to become competitive alpine ski racers in slalom skiing , GS , Super - G , and downhill competitions . The club also has a newer program for snowboarding racers . eos
is home to the Tyee Ski Club , an organization for training children and youth to become competitive alpine ski racers in slalom skiing , GS , Super - G , and downhill competitions . The club also has a newer program for snowboarding racers . eos
is a mountain in the Bernese Alps range of the Swiss Alps with a height exceeding 4,000 metres . The starting point for the usual ascent by the Grünegghorn and the Southwestern Ridge is the Konkordiahütte alpine hut at 2850 m , which can be reached from Fiesch ( 1049 m ) . The first ascent was undertaken on august 7 , 1865 by Peter Michel , Edmund von Fellenberg , Peter Egger and Peter Inäbnit . eos
( also called only Gunnbjørn or Hvitserk ) is Greenland 's highest mountain and also the highest mountain north of the Arctic circle . Gunnbjorn_Fjeld is located in the Watkins Range on the east coast . Gunnbjorn_Fjeld is a nunatak , a rocky peak protruding through glacial ice . eos
is located in the Watkins Range on the east coast . Gunnbjorn_Fjeld is a nunatak , a rocky peak protruding through glacial ice . Gunnbjorn_Fjeld height is often given as 3,700 metres , although figures vary slightly . eos
is a nunatak , a rocky peak protruding through glacial ice . Gunnbjorn_Fjeld height is often given as 3,700 metres , although figures vary slightly . Gunnbjorn_Fjeld was first climbed on 16 august 1935 by Augustine Cortauld , Jack Longland , Ebbe Munck , HG Wager , and Laurence Wager . eos
height is often given as 3,700 metres , although figures vary slightly . Gunnbjorn_Fjeld was first climbed on 16 august 1935 by Augustine Cortauld , Jack Longland , Ebbe Munck , HG Wager , and Laurence Wager . eos
was first climbed on 16 august 1935 by Augustine Cortauld , Jack Longland , Ebbe Munck , HG Wager , and Laurence Wager . eos
is a peak of Mount Lawrence Grassi - a mountain located immediately south of the town of Canmore just east of the Spray Lakes road in Alberta 's Canadian Rockies . Ha_Ling_Peak was previously named Chinaman 's Peak but the name was changed to be more politically correct . eos
was previously named Chinaman 's Peak but the name was changed to be more politically correct . eos
is a mountain in the Stubai Alps of Austria . For a long time , the locals believed Habicht to be the highest mountain in Tyrol , due to Habicht prominence above the surrounding mountains . Despite what they thought , the highest peak in the Stubai Alps is Zuckerhütl which is 230 metres higher than Habicht . eos
to be the highest mountain in Tyrol , due to Habicht prominence above the surrounding mountains . Despite what they thought , the highest peak in the Stubai Alps is Zuckerhütl which is 230 metres higher than Habicht . eos
prominence above the surrounding mountains . Despite what they thought , the highest peak in the Stubai Alps is Zuckerhütl which is 230 metres higher than Habicht . eos
. eos
or East Maui Volcano is a massive shield volcano Haleakala forms more than 75 % of the Hawaiian Island of Maui . eos
forms more than 75 % of the Hawaiian Island of Maui . eos
is a granite dome in Yosemite National Park , located at the eastern end of Yosemite Valley - possibly Yosemite 's most familiar sight . Half_Dome rises more than 4737 ft above the valley floor . eos
rises more than 4737 ft above the valley floor . eos
is the highest point in Finland , at 1,324 m above sea level . Halti ( also known as Haltitunturi , Haltia or Haltiatunturi - tunturi meaning fell - and Háldi in Sámi ) is located in the municipality of Enontekiö in the province of Lapland at the border between Finland and Norway . The summit of Halti at 1,365 m is actually in Norway and it is known as Ráisduattarháldi . eos
( also known as Haltitunturi , Haltia or Haltiatunturi - tunturi meaning fell - and Háldi in Sámi ) is located in the municipality of Enontekiö in the province of Lapland at the border between Finland and Norway . The summit of Halti at 1,365 m is actually in Norway and it is known as Ráisduattarháldi . The highest point in Finland is a spur of Ráisduattarháldi at 1,324 m known as Hálditšohkka at the border of Norway . eos
at 1,365 m is actually in Norway and it is known as Ráisduattarháldi . The highest point in Finland is a spur of Ráisduattarháldi at 1,324 m known as Hálditšohkka at the border of Norway . The highest mountain , its peak being in Finland , is Ridnitšohkka , at 1,316 m. eos
is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the US state of Colorado . Handies_Peak is located in the San Juan Mountains in Hinsdale County approximately 13 miles ( 21 km ) south west of Lake City . eos
is located in the San Juan Mountains in Hinsdale County approximately 13 miles ( 21 km ) south west of Lake City . eos
( also known as Haramosh or Peak 58 ) is a mountain located in the Karakoram range of Pakistan . Haramosh_Peak height is also often given as 7,409 m. eos
height is also often given as 7,409 m. eos
is the highest mountain in South Dakota , located in Black Hills National Forest . Harney_Peak elevation is 7,242 ft ( 2,207 m ) . Harney_Peak is the highest point east of the Rocky Mountains in mainland North America . eos
elevation is 7,242 ft ( 2,207 m ) . Harney_Peak is the highest point east of the Rocky Mountains in mainland North America . An abandoned fire lookout tower is situated on the summit . eos
is the highest point east of the Rocky Mountains in mainland North America . An abandoned fire lookout tower is situated on the summit . A plaque at the base of the tower which reads ` ` Valentine McGillycuddy , Wasicu Wacan '' marks the final resting place for Dr. Valentine McGillycuddy . eos
was named in the late 1850s by Lieutenant Gouverneur K Warren in honor of General William S Harney , who was commander of the military in the Black Hills area in the late 1850s . The top can be reached by following the trails either from Sylvan Lake or Horse Thief Lake . The hike from Sylvan Lake to the summit and back is about 6 miles ( 10 km ) . eos
is located within the Black Elk Wilderness area . No permit is required for use of the trail , although the National Forest Service asks ( at a self - service kiosk ) that hikers register to obtain a free permit upon entering the Black Elk Wilderness area , en route to the summit . The entire area around Harney_Peak is one of the most popular hiking locations in the Black Hills . eos
is one of the most popular hiking locations in the Black Hills . The trails which course through the Black Elk Wilderness and nearby Custer State Park are walked on at all seasons of the year . There has been great interest in expanding this wilderness area in recent years . eos
is a little - known volcano 135 km northwest of Anchorage Hayes_Volcano was not discovered until 1975 . Hayes_Volcano is responsible for a series of six major tephra layers in the Cook Inlet region of Alaska . Hayes_Volcano was mostly destroyed by at least six catastrophic eruptions between 3,400 and 3,800 years ago , and the average volume of these eruptions was 2.4 cubic km . eos
was not discovered until 1975 . Hayes_Volcano is responsible for a series of six major tephra layers in the Cook Inlet region of Alaska . Hayes_Volcano was mostly destroyed by at least six catastrophic eruptions between 3,400 and 3,800 years ago , and the average volume of these eruptions was 2.4 cubic km . eos
is responsible for a series of six major tephra layers in the Cook Inlet region of Alaska . Hayes_Volcano was mostly destroyed by at least six catastrophic eruptions between 3,400 and 3,800 years ago , and the average volume of these eruptions was 2.4 cubic km . In comparison , the volume of the May 18 , 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens was about 1 cubic km . eos
was mostly destroyed by at least six catastrophic eruptions between 3,400 and 3,800 years ago , and the average volume of these eruptions was 2.4 cubic km . In comparison , the volume of the May 18 , 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens was about 1 cubic km . The eruptions of Hayes_Volcano during that time were the most voluminous Holocene eruptions to have occurred in the Cook Inlet region . eos
during that time were the most voluminous Holocene eruptions to have occurred in the Cook Inlet region . There is currently no fumarolic activity present . The last eruption of Hayes_Volcano occurred roughly 1,200 years ago . eos
occurred roughly 1,200 years ago . eos
is a mountain peak located in Glacier National Park , Montana . Heavens_Peak is located near the western terminus of the Going - to - the - Sun Road , and Heavens_Peak towers above Lake McDonald , the largest lake in the park . Heavens_Peak is 8,987 feet ( 2,739 m ) high and Heavens_Peak rises over 5,000 feet ( 1,500 m ) above Heavens_Peak base . eos
is located near the western terminus of the Going - to - the - Sun Road , and Heavens_Peak towers above Lake McDonald , the largest lake in the park . Heavens_Peak is 8,987 feet ( 2,739 m ) high and Heavens_Peak rises over 5,000 feet ( 1,500 m ) above Heavens_Peak base . eos
towers above Lake McDonald , the largest lake in the park . Heavens_Peak is 8,987 feet ( 2,739 m ) high and Heavens_Peak rises over 5,000 feet ( 1,500 m ) above Heavens_Peak base . eos
is 8,987 feet ( 2,739 m ) high and Heavens_Peak rises over 5,000 feet ( 1,500 m ) above Heavens_Peak base . eos
rises over 5,000 feet ( 1,500 m ) above Heavens_Peak base . eos
base . eos
( "" Traditional Chinese : 合歡山 , Pinyin : hé huān shān , also called : Joy Mountain "" ) is a 3,416-meter ( 11,207-foot ) high mountain in Central Taiwan . Hehuanshan lies on the boundaries of Nantou and Hualien counties and Hehuanshan is within the Taroko Gorge National Park . eos
lies on the boundaries of Nantou and Hualien counties and Hehuanshan is within the Taroko Gorge National Park . Hehuanshan is a popular destination for the local people of central Taiwan . The 3,421-meter East Peak and 3,422-meter North Peak of Hehuanshan are actually both higher than the main peak . eos
is within the Taroko Gorge National Park . Hehuanshan is a popular destination for the local people of central Taiwan . The 3,421-meter East Peak and 3,422-meter North Peak of Hehuanshan are actually both higher than the main peak . eos
is a popular destination for the local people of central Taiwan . The 3,421-meter East Peak and 3,422-meter North Peak of Hehuanshan are actually both higher than the main peak . eos
are actually both higher than the main peak . eos
is a stratovolcano located in the south of Iceland at 63.98 deg N 19.70 deg W , with a height of 1488 m. Hekla is Iceland 's most active volcano ; over 20 outbreaks have occurred in and around Hekla since 874 . During the Middle Ages , Icelanders called Hekla the ` ` Gateway to Hell . '' eos
is Iceland 's most active volcano ; over 20 outbreaks have occurred in and around Hekla since 874 . During the Middle Ages , Icelanders called Hekla the ` ` Gateway to Hell . '' Hekla is part of a volcanic ridge , 40 km ( 25 mi ) long . eos
since 874 . During the Middle Ages , Icelanders called Hekla the ` ` Gateway to Hell . '' Hekla is part of a volcanic ridge , 40 km ( 25 mi ) long . eos
the ` ` Gateway to Hell . '' Hekla is part of a volcanic ridge , 40 km ( 25 mi ) long . However , the most active part of this ridge , about 5.5 km ( 3.4 mi ) long , is considered to be Hekla . eos
is part of a volcanic ridge , 40 km ( 25 mi ) long . However , the most active part of this ridge , about 5.5 km ( 3.4 mi ) long , is considered to be Hekla . Hekla looks rather like an overturned boat , with Hekla keel being in fact a series of craters , two of which are generally the most active . eos
. Hekla looks rather like an overturned boat , with Hekla keel being in fact a series of craters , two of which are generally the most active . eos
looks rather like an overturned boat , with Hekla keel being in fact a series of craters , two of which are generally the most active . eos
keel being in fact a series of craters , two of which are generally the most active . eos
is the second highest mountain in the Mansiri Himal , part of the Nepalese Himalaya . Himalchuli lies south of Manaslu , one of the Eight thousanders . Himalchuli has three main peaks : East ( 7893 m ) , West ( 7540 m ) and North ( 7371 m ) . eos
lies south of Manaslu , one of the Eight thousanders . Himalchuli has three main peaks : East ( 7893 m ) , West ( 7540 m ) and North ( 7371 m ) . Himalchuli is also often written as two words , ` ` Himal Chuli '' . eos
has three main peaks : East ( 7893 m ) , West ( 7540 m ) and North ( 7371 m ) . Himalchuli is also often written as two words , ` ` Himal Chuli '' . eos
is also often written as two words , ` ` Himal Chuli '' . eos
is a peak in the Himalaya of central Nepal . Hiunchuli is an extension of Annapurna South . Hiunchuli is classified as a trekking peak by the NMA , but Hiunchuli is considered one of the more difficult to climb due to route finding difficulties and dangers from rock fall and seracs . eos
is an extension of Annapurna South . Hiunchuli is classified as a trekking peak by the NMA , but Hiunchuli is considered one of the more difficult to climb due to route finding difficulties and dangers from rock fall and seracs . A climbing permit from the NMA costs $ 350 USD for a team of up to four members . eos
is classified as a trekking peak by the NMA , but Hiunchuli is considered one of the more difficult to climb due to route finding difficulties and dangers from rock fall and seracs . A climbing permit from the NMA costs $ 350 USD for a team of up to four members . eos
is considered one of the more difficult to climb due to route finding difficulties and dangers from rock fall and seracs . A climbing permit from the NMA costs $ 350 USD for a team of up to four members . eos
( 4,219 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . Hohberghorn lies towards the northern end of the Nadelgrat , a high - level ridge running roughly north - south above the resort of Saas - Fee to the east , and the Mattertal to the west . Hohberghorn was first climbed by R B. Heathcote , with guides Franz Biner , Peter Perren and Peter Taugwalderon , in august 1869 via the west gully above the Hohberg Glacier to the Stecknadeljoch . eos
lies towards the northern end of the Nadelgrat , a high - level ridge running roughly north - south above the resort of Saas - Fee to the east , and the Mattertal to the west . Hohberghorn was first climbed by R B. Heathcote , with guides Franz Biner , Peter Perren and Peter Taugwalderon , in august 1869 via the west gully above the Hohberg Glacier to the Stecknadeljoch . Hohberghorn north - east face , not as long or as steep as that on the neighbouring Lenzspitze , is 320 m and at an average angle of 50 degrees , and might be considered as excellent training for the latter . eos
was first climbed by R B. Heathcote , with guides Franz Biner , Peter Perren and Peter Taugwalderon , in august 1869 via the west gully above the Hohberg Glacier to the Stecknadeljoch . Hohberghorn north - east face , not as long or as steep as that on the neighbouring Lenzspitze , is 320 m and at an average angle of 50 degrees , and might be considered as excellent training for the latter . eos
north - east face , not as long or as steep as that on the neighbouring Lenzspitze , is 320 m and at an average angle of 50 degrees , and might be considered as excellent training for the latter . eos
is a strongly karstic Austrian mountain , and the second highest mountain in the Northern Limestone Alps . Hoher_Dachstein is situated at the border of Upper Austria and Styria in central Austria , and Hoher_Dachstein is the highest point in each of those states . Parts of the massif also lie in the state of Salzburg , leading to Hoher_Dachstein being referred to as the Drei - Länder - Berg ( ` ` three state mountain '' ) . eos
is situated at the border of Upper Austria and Styria in central Austria , and Hoher_Dachstein is the highest point in each of those states . Parts of the massif also lie in the state of Salzburg , leading to Hoher_Dachstein being referred to as the Drei - Länder - Berg ( ` ` three state mountain '' ) . The Dachstein massif covers an area of around 20 × 30 km with dozens of peaks above 2,500 m , the highset of which are in the southern and south - western areas . eos
is the highest point in each of those states . Parts of the massif also lie in the state of Salzburg , leading to Hoher_Dachstein being referred to as the Drei - Länder - Berg ( ` ` three state mountain '' ) . The Dachstein massif covers an area of around 20 × 30 km with dozens of peaks above 2,500 m , the highset of which are in the southern and south - western areas . eos
being referred to as the Drei - Länder - Berg ( ` ` three state mountain '' ) . The Dachstein massif covers an area of around 20 × 30 km with dozens of peaks above 2,500 m , the highset of which are in the southern and south - western areas . Seen from the north , the Dachstein massif is dominated by the glaciers with the rocky summits rising beyond them . eos
drops almost vertically to the valley floor . The geology of the Dachstein massif is dominated by the so - called Dachstein - Kalk ( ` ` Dachstein limestone '' ) , dating from Triassic times . In common with other karstic areas , Hoher_Dachstein is permeated by a rich cave system , including some of the largest caves in Austria , such as the Mammuthhöhle and the Hirlatzhöhle . eos
is permeated by a rich cave system , including some of the largest caves in Austria , such as the Mammuthhöhle and the Hirlatzhöhle . Another significant tourist destination is the Eisriesenhöhle . Hoher_Dachstein is famous for Hoher_Dachstein fossils , including megalodonts ; the Linzer Weg leads over many such fossils , which are referred to as Kuhtritte ( ` ` cattle footprints '' ) . eos
is famous for Hoher_Dachstein fossils , including megalodonts ; the Linzer Weg leads over many such fossils , which are referred to as Kuhtritte ( ` ` cattle footprints '' ) . Glaciers are uncommon in the Northern Limestone Alps , and those on Hoher_Dachstein - the Hallstätter Gletscher ( ` ` Hallstatt glacier '' ) , the Großer Gosaugletscher ( ` ` great Gosau glacier '' ) and the Schladminger Gletscher ( ` ` Schladming glacier '' ) - are the largest , as well as being the northernmost and the easternmost in the whole of the Alps . Several smaller ice - fields also exist , such as the Kleine Gosaugletscher ( ` ` lesser Gosau glacier '' ) and the Schneelochgletscher ( ` ` snow - hole glacier '' ) . eos
fossils , including megalodonts ; the Linzer Weg leads over many such fossils , which are referred to as Kuhtritte ( ` ` cattle footprints '' ) . Glaciers are uncommon in the Northern Limestone Alps , and those on Hoher_Dachstein - the Hallstätter Gletscher ( ` ` Hallstatt glacier '' ) , the Großer Gosaugletscher ( ` ` great Gosau glacier '' ) and the Schladminger Gletscher ( ` ` Schladming glacier '' ) - are the largest , as well as being the northernmost and the easternmost in the whole of the Alps . Several smaller ice - fields also exist , such as the Kleine Gosaugletscher ( ` ` lesser Gosau glacier '' ) and the Schneelochgletscher ( ` ` snow - hole glacier '' ) . eos
- the Hallstätter Gletscher ( ` ` Hallstatt glacier '' ) , the Großer Gosaugletscher ( ` ` great Gosau glacier '' ) and the Schladminger Gletscher ( ` ` Schladming glacier '' ) - are the largest , as well as being the northernmost and the easternmost in the whole of the Alps . Several smaller ice - fields also exist , such as the Kleine Gosaugletscher ( ` ` lesser Gosau glacier '' ) and the Schneelochgletscher ( ` ` snow - hole glacier '' ) . The glaciers are retreating rapidly , and may disappear entirely within 80 years . eos
( "" Ukrainian : Говерла "" , Hoverla ; "" Hungarian : Hóvár "" ; "" Romanian : Hovârla "" ; "" Russian : eos
is located in the Eastern Beskides , in the so - called Chornohora region . The slopes are covered with beech and spruce forests , above which there is a belt of sub - alpine meadows called polonyna in Ukrainian . At the eastern slope there is the main spring of the Prut river . eos
became a notable tourist attraction , especially among tourists from nearby cities of Galicia . In 1880 the first tourist route between the peak of Hoverla and Krasny Luh was marked by Leopold Wajgel of the Galician Tatra Society . The following year the first tourist shelter was founded there . eos
and Krasny Luh was marked by Leopold Wajgel of the Galician Tatra Society . The following year the first tourist shelter was founded there . In the 20th century and especially after Ukraine gained independence , losing the cheap access to the many mountain region of the former USSR , Hoverla is increasingly gaining popularity as an extreme sport site . eos
is increasingly gaining popularity as an extreme sport site . Some routes are classified as 1A in winter period ( from late autumn to May ) , according to the USSR grading system . Nowadays because of Hoverla prominence too many unskilled extreme - lovers are taking attempts to climb Hoverla in winter , resulting in regular frostbites or even deaths . eos
prominence too many unskilled extreme - lovers are taking attempts to climb Hoverla in winter , resulting in regular frostbites or even deaths . In october 2007 the radical pro - Russian Eurasia Party - affiliated ` ` Eurasian Youth Union '' vandalized the official Ukrainian state symbols put on Hoverla . According to the group , they ` ` renamed '' Hoverla as ` ` Stalin 's peak '' . eos
in winter , resulting in regular frostbites or even deaths . In october 2007 the radical pro - Russian Eurasia Party - affiliated ` ` Eurasian Youth Union '' vandalized the official Ukrainian state symbols put on Hoverla . According to the group , they ` ` renamed '' Hoverla as ` ` Stalin 's peak '' . eos
. According to the group , they ` ` renamed '' Hoverla as ` ` Stalin 's peak '' . eos
as ` ` Stalin 's peak '' . eos
is the third - most historically active shield volcano on the Island of Hawaii in the Hawaiian Islands . Hualalai peak is at 8,271 ft ( 2,521 m ) above sea level . Hualalai lies more or less due west of the saddle between the much taller Mauna Kea and Mauna Loa mountains , and Hualalai forms the backdrop to the town of Kailua - Kona . eos
peak is at 8,271 ft ( 2,521 m ) above sea level . Hualalai lies more or less due west of the saddle between the much taller Mauna Kea and Mauna Loa mountains , and Hualalai forms the backdrop to the town of Kailua - Kona . In fact , the town is built on the southwestern slope of Hualalai , where most of the world famous Kona coffee is grown . eos
lies more or less due west of the saddle between the much taller Mauna Kea and Mauna Loa mountains , and Hualalai forms the backdrop to the town of Kailua - Kona . In fact , the town is built on the southwestern slope of Hualalai , where most of the world famous Kona coffee is grown . eos
forms the backdrop to the town of Kailua - Kona . In fact , the town is built on the southwestern slope of Hualalai , where most of the world famous Kona coffee is grown . eos
, where most of the world famous Kona coffee is grown . eos
is a high peak in the Sangre de Cristo Range in southern Colorado . Humboldt_Peak_Colorado is the least challenging climb of the Crestone group of fourteeners , which include Crestone Peak , Crestone Needle , and Kit Carson Peak . ( Challenger Point , a subpeak of Kit Carson Peak , is sometimes included in this list . ) eos
is the least challenging climb of the Crestone group of fourteeners , which include Crestone Peak , Crestone Needle , and Kit Carson Peak . ( Challenger Point , a subpeak of Kit Carson Peak , is sometimes included in this list . ) Despite the rather impressive north face of Humboldt_Peak_Colorado , the standard route on Humboldt_Peak_Colorado is not much more than a hike along a decent trail with some minor rock scrambling ( Class 2 ) near the summit . eos
, the standard route on Humboldt_Peak_Colorado is not much more than a hike along a decent trail with some minor rock scrambling ( Class 2 ) near the summit . Humboldt_Peak_Colorado is considered an easy climb and Humboldt_Peak_Colorado is recommended for those just beginning to climb the fourteeners . The trail climbs Humboldt_Peak_Colorado from the South Colony Lakes basin , accessed from the east side of the range . eos
is not much more than a hike along a decent trail with some minor rock scrambling ( Class 2 ) near the summit . Humboldt_Peak_Colorado is considered an easy climb and Humboldt_Peak_Colorado is recommended for those just beginning to climb the fourteeners . The trail climbs Humboldt_Peak_Colorado from the South Colony Lakes basin , accessed from the east side of the range . eos
is considered an easy climb and Humboldt_Peak_Colorado is recommended for those just beginning to climb the fourteeners . The trail climbs Humboldt_Peak_Colorado from the South Colony Lakes basin , accessed from the east side of the range . This basin is a popular site that is also the base for most climbs of Crestone Peak and Crestone Needle . eos
is recommended for those just beginning to climb the fourteeners . The trail climbs Humboldt_Peak_Colorado from the South Colony Lakes basin , accessed from the east side of the range . This basin is a popular site that is also the base for most climbs of Crestone Peak and Crestone Needle . eos
from the South Colony Lakes basin , accessed from the east side of the range . This basin is a popular site that is also the base for most climbs of Crestone Peak and Crestone Needle . A very rugged four - wheel drive road follows the South Colony drainage to near the Lakes ; however this road is subject to possible closure in the near future . eos
is the highest point in the US state of Arizona and Humphreys_Peak is located in Coconino County , about north of Flagstaff , Arizona . Humphreys_Peak is the highest of a group of ancient volcanic peaks known as the San Francisco Peaks . The summit can be most easily reached by hiking the long Humphreys Trail that begins at the Arizona Snowbowl ski resort in the Coconino National Forest . eos
is located in Coconino County , about north of Flagstaff , Arizona . Humphreys_Peak is the highest of a group of ancient volcanic peaks known as the San Francisco Peaks . The summit can be most easily reached by hiking the long Humphreys Trail that begins at the Arizona Snowbowl ski resort in the Coconino National Forest . eos
is the highest of a group of ancient volcanic peaks known as the San Francisco Peaks . The summit can be most easily reached by hiking the long Humphreys Trail that begins at the Arizona Snowbowl ski resort in the Coconino National Forest . The last of the trail traverses the only region of tundra in Arizona , at an elevation of more than 11,500 feet ( 3,505 m ) . eos
was named in about 1870 for General Andrew A Humphreys , a US Army officer who was a Union general during the American Civil War , and who later became Chief of Engineers of the United States Army Corps of Engineers . However , a General Land Office map from 1903 showed the name San Francisco Peak applied to Humphreys_Peak ( apparently borrowed from San Francisco Mountain on which Humphreys_Peak stands ) . Thus the United States Board on Geographic Names approved the variant name in 1911 . eos
( apparently borrowed from San Francisco Mountain on which Humphreys_Peak stands ) . Thus the United States Board on Geographic Names approved the variant name in 1911 . In 1933 , the application of the names was rectified . eos
stands ) . Thus the United States Board on Geographic Names approved the variant name in 1911 . In 1933 , the application of the names was rectified . eos
should not be confused with Mount Humphreys , a higher peak in the Sierra Nevada . eos
is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado . Huron_Peak is located in the central Sawatch Range , west of the Mount Belford group , in the Collegiate Peaks Wilderness . Huron_Peak lies in Chaffee County , approximately 18 miles ( 29 km ) northwest of the town of Buena Vista . eos
is located in the central Sawatch Range , west of the Mount Belford group , in the Collegiate Peaks Wilderness . Huron_Peak lies in Chaffee County , approximately 18 miles ( 29 km ) northwest of the town of Buena Vista . While relatively close to Huron_Peak neighbor peaks , Huron_Peak is separated from them by deep cols , resulting in a moderately high topographic prominence . eos
lies in Chaffee County , approximately 18 miles ( 29 km ) northwest of the town of Buena Vista . While relatively close to Huron_Peak neighbor peaks , Huron_Peak is separated from them by deep cols , resulting in a moderately high topographic prominence . Nearby to the south are the Three Apostles , a striking group of three thirteen thousand foot peaks . eos
neighbor peaks , Huron_Peak is separated from them by deep cols , resulting in a moderately high topographic prominence . Nearby to the south are the Three Apostles , a striking group of three thirteen thousand foot peaks . eos
is separated from them by deep cols , resulting in a moderately high topographic prominence . Nearby to the south are the Three Apostles , a striking group of three thirteen thousand foot peaks . eos
is a mountain located on Vancouver Island , British Columbia . Within the boundaries of Strathcona Provincial Park , Iceberg_Peak lies at the south end of Rees Ridge . Mount Celeste lies at the north end of this ridge . eos
lies at the south end of Rees Ridge . Mount Celeste lies at the north end of this ridge . eos
( from Aimara , meaning ` ` golden eagle '' ) is the highest peak in the Cordillera Real ( part of the Cordillera Oriental , a subrange of the Andes ) of western Bolivia . Illimani lies just south of La Paz at the eastern edge of the Altiplano . eos
lies just south of La Paz at the eastern edge of the Altiplano . Illimani is the second highest peak in Bolivia , after Nevado Sajama , and the eighteenth highest peak in South America . The snow line lies at about 4,570 metres ( 15,000 ft ) above sea level , and glaciers are found on the northern face at 4,983 m ( 16,350 ft ) . eos
is the second highest peak in Bolivia , after Nevado Sajama , and the eighteenth highest peak in South America . The snow line lies at about 4,570 metres ( 15,000 ft ) above sea level , and glaciers are found on the northern face at 4,983 m ( 16,350 ft ) . Illimani has four main peaks ; the highest is the south summit , Nevado Illimani , which is a popular ascent for mountain climbers . eos
has four main peaks ; the highest is the south summit , Nevado Illimani , which is a popular ascent for mountain climbers . Geologically , Illimani is composed primarily of granodiorite , intruded during the Cenozoic era into the sedimentary rock which forms the bulk of the Cordillera Real . Illimani is quite visible from the city of La Paz and Illimani is its major landmark . eos
is composed primarily of granodiorite , intruded during the Cenozoic era into the sedimentary rock which forms the bulk of the Cordillera Real . Illimani is quite visible from the city of La Paz and Illimani is its major landmark . Illimani has been the subject of many local songs , eos
is quite visible from the city of La Paz and Illimani is its major landmark . Illimani has been the subject of many local songs , most importantly ` ` Illimani '' , with the following refrain : ` ` Illimani , Illimani , sentinela de La Paz ! eos
is its major landmark . Illimani has been the subject of many local songs , most importantly ` ` Illimani '' , with the following refrain : ` ` Illimani , Illimani , sentinela de La Paz ! eos
has been the subject of many local songs , most importantly ` ` Illimani '' , with the following refrain : ` ` Illimani , Illimani , sentinela de La Paz ! Illimani , Illimani , patrimonio de Bolivia ! '' eos
was first attempted in 1877 by C Wiener , J de Grumkow , and J C. Ocampo . They failed to reach the main summit , but did reach a southeastern subsummit . In 1898 , British climber William Martin Conway and two Swiss guides , A Maquignaz and L Pellissier , made the first recorded ascent of Illimani , again from the southeast . eos
, again from the southeast . ( They found a piece of Aimara rope at over 6,000 m ( 20,000 ft ) , so an earlier ascent can not be completely discounted . ) The current standard route on Illimani climbs the west ridge of the main summit . eos
climbs the west ridge of the main summit . It was first climbed in 1940 , by the Germans R Boetcher , F Fritz , and W Kuehn , and is graded French PD + / AD - . "" 5 "" . eos
is an inactive stratovolcano in northern Ecuador . Although Imbabura_Volcano has not erupted for at least 14,000 years , Imbabura_Volcano is not thought to be entirely extinct . Imbabura_Volcano is intermittently capped with snow and Imbabura_Volcano has no permanent glaciers . eos
has not erupted for at least 14,000 years , Imbabura_Volcano is not thought to be entirely extinct . Imbabura_Volcano is intermittently capped with snow and Imbabura_Volcano has no permanent glaciers . Covered in volcanic ash , the slopes of Imbabura_Volcano are especially fertile . eos
is not thought to be entirely extinct . Imbabura_Volcano is intermittently capped with snow and Imbabura_Volcano has no permanent glaciers . Covered in volcanic ash , the slopes of Imbabura_Volcano are especially fertile . eos
is intermittently capped with snow and Imbabura_Volcano has no permanent glaciers . Covered in volcanic ash , the slopes of Imbabura_Volcano are especially fertile . In addition to cloud forests , which are found across the northern Andes to an altitude of 3000 m , the land around Imbabura_Volcano is extensively farmed . eos
has no permanent glaciers . Covered in volcanic ash , the slopes of Imbabura_Volcano are especially fertile . In addition to cloud forests , which are found across the northern Andes to an altitude of 3000 m , the land around Imbabura_Volcano is extensively farmed . eos
are especially fertile . In addition to cloud forests , which are found across the northern Andes to an altitude of 3000 m , the land around Imbabura_Volcano is extensively farmed . Maize , sugarcane , and beans are all staple crops of the region . eos
is extensively farmed . Maize , sugarcane , and beans are all staple crops of the region . Cattle are also an important commodity , and much of the land on and around Imbabura_Volcano , especially the high - altitude meadows above the tree line , is used for grazing . eos
, especially the high - altitude meadows above the tree line , is used for grazing . eos
, better known as Island Peak , is a mountain in the Himalaya of eastern Nepal . Imja_Tse was named Island Peak in 1951 by Eric Shipton 's party since Imja_Tse appears as an island in a sea of ice when viewed from Dingboche . Imja_Tse was later renamed in 1983 to Imja Tse but Island Peak remains the popular choice . eos
was named Island Peak in 1951 by Eric Shipton 's party since Imja_Tse appears as an island in a sea of ice when viewed from Dingboche . Imja_Tse was later renamed in 1983 to Imja Tse but Island Peak remains the popular choice . Imja_Tse is actually an extension of the ridge coming down off the south end of Lhotse Shar . eos
appears as an island in a sea of ice when viewed from Dingboche . Imja_Tse was later renamed in 1983 to Imja Tse but Island Peak remains the popular choice . Imja_Tse is actually an extension of the ridge coming down off the south end of Lhotse Shar . eos
was later renamed in 1983 to Imja Tse but Island Peak remains the popular choice . Imja_Tse is actually an extension of the ridge coming down off the south end of Lhotse Shar . Imja_Tse was first climbed in 1953 by a British team as a training exercise in preparation for Mount Everest . eos
is actually an extension of the ridge coming down off the south end of Lhotse Shar . Imja_Tse was first climbed in 1953 by a British team as a training exercise in preparation for Mount Everest . Tenzing Norgay was one of the members of this first ascent team . eos
was first climbed in 1953 by a British team as a training exercise in preparation for Mount Everest . Tenzing Norgay was one of the members of this first ascent team . Imja_Tse is one of the most popular trekking peaks as Imja_Tse requires nominal mountaineering experience , especially when supported by a Nepalese climbing guide . eos
is one of the most popular trekking peaks as Imja_Tse requires nominal mountaineering experience , especially when supported by a Nepalese climbing guide . eos
requires nominal mountaineering experience , especially when supported by a Nepalese climbing guide . eos
( "" Spanish : Volcán Irazú "" ) is an active volcano in Costa Rica , situated in the Cordillera Central close to the city of Cartago . eos
name is believed to be a corruption of Iztarú , which was the name of an indigenous village on the flanks of Irazu_Volcano . In Costa Rica Irazu_Volcano is known by the name of ` ` Colossus '' due to the catastrophes that Irazu_Volcano has provoked in the past . eos
. In Costa Rica Irazu_Volcano is known by the name of ` ` Colossus '' due to the catastrophes that Irazu_Volcano has provoked in the past . eos
is known by the name of ` ` Colossus '' due to the catastrophes that Irazu_Volcano has provoked in the past . Irazu_Volcano has erupted frequently in historical times - at least 23 times since Irazu_Volcano first well - recorded eruption in 1723 . eos
has provoked in the past . Irazu_Volcano has erupted frequently in historical times - at least 23 times since Irazu_Volcano first well - recorded eruption in 1723 . Irazu_Volcano most famous recent eruption began in 1963 and continued until 1965 . eos
has erupted frequently in historical times - at least 23 times since Irazu_Volcano first well - recorded eruption in 1723 . Irazu_Volcano most famous recent eruption began in 1963 and continued until 1965 . It began on the day US President John F Kennedy began a state visit to Costa Rica and showered the capital San José and much of the central highlands of Costa Rica with ash . eos
first well - recorded eruption in 1723 . Irazu_Volcano most famous recent eruption began in 1963 and continued until 1965 . It began on the day US President John F Kennedy began a state visit to Costa Rica and showered the capital San José and much of the central highlands of Costa Rica with ash . eos
most famous recent eruption began in 1963 and continued until 1965 . It began on the day US President John F Kennedy began a state visit to Costa Rica and showered the capital San José and much of the central highlands of Costa Rica with ash . Since the 1963 - 65 eruption , Irazu_Volcano has been dormant , although frequent earthquake swarms show that magma is still moving about beneath Irazu_Volcano . eos
. In 1994 , a small phreatic eruption occurred , caused by heavy rains destabilising part of Irazu_Volcano flank , resulting in rapid decompression of a shallow hydrothermal system . Irazu_Volcano summit has several craters , one of which contains Diego de la Haya , a green crater lake of variable depth . eos
has been dormant , although frequent earthquake swarms show that magma is still moving about beneath Irazu_Volcano . In 1994 , a small phreatic eruption occurred , caused by heavy rains destabilising part of Irazu_Volcano flank , resulting in rapid decompression of a shallow hydrothermal system . Irazu_Volcano summit has several craters , one of which contains Diego de la Haya , a green crater lake of variable depth . eos
flank , resulting in rapid decompression of a shallow hydrothermal system . Irazu_Volcano summit has several craters , one of which contains Diego de la Haya , a green crater lake of variable depth . Irazu_Volcano is the highest active volcano in Costa Rica . eos
summit has several craters , one of which contains Diego de la Haya , a green crater lake of variable depth . Irazu_Volcano is the highest active volcano in Costa Rica . Irazu_Volcano is easily visited from San José , with a road leading right up to the summit craters and a daily bus service to the top . eos
is the highest active volcano in Costa Rica . Irazu_Volcano is easily visited from San José , with a road leading right up to the summit craters and a daily bus service to the top . Irazu_Volcano is thus a popular tourist spot . eos
is easily visited from San José , with a road leading right up to the summit craters and a daily bus service to the top . Irazu_Volcano is thus a popular tourist spot . The volcano summit also spots a few television transmitters for television stations in San José . eos
is thus a popular tourist spot . The volcano summit also spots a few television transmitters for television stations in San José . From the top it is claimed to be possible to see both the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans on a clear day ; however , such clear days are very rare indeed , and it is typical for Irazu_Volcano summit to be covered in cloud for much of the time . eos
summit to be covered in cloud for much of the time . eos
( Tajik : Қуллаи Исмоили Сомонӣ , Qullai Ismoili Somonī , Russian : пик имени Исмаила Самани ) is the highest mountain in Tajikistan and in the former Soviet Union , named after Ismoil Somoni , the ancestor of the Samanid dynasty . eos
was tentatively identified with Garmo Peak ; but as the result of the work of further Soviet expeditions , it became clear by 1932 that they were not the same , and in 1933 Ismoil_Somoni_Peak , from the Akademiya Nauk Range , was named Stalin Peak ( Pik Stalina , пик Ста́лина ) , after Joseph Stalin . In 1962 , the name was changed to Communism Peak ( Tajik : Пики Коммунизм , Russian : Pik Kommunizma , пик Коммуни́зма ) , and in 1998 to Ismoil_Somoni_Peak current name . The first ascent was made in 1933 by the Soviet mountaineer Yevgeniy Abalakov . eos
, from the Akademiya Nauk Range , was named Stalin Peak ( Pik Stalina , пик Ста́лина ) , after Joseph Stalin . In 1962 , the name was changed to Communism Peak ( Tajik : Пики Коммунизм , Russian : Pik Kommunizma , пик Коммуни́зма ) , and in 1998 to Ismoil_Somoni_Peak current name . The first ascent was made in 1933 by the Soviet mountaineer Yevgeniy Abalakov . eos
current name . The first ascent was made in 1933 by the Soviet mountaineer Yevgeniy Abalakov . There are glaciers on Ismoil_Somoni_Peak . eos
. eos
is the third highest mountain in the Hindu Kush , in the Chitral district of the Northwest Frontier Province of Pakistan . Istor-o-Nal is the 68th highest independent peak in the world . Istor-o-Nal crowns a massif with eleven peaks of elevation more than 7,000 m ( 22,966 ft ) . eos
is the 68th highest independent peak in the world . Istor-o-Nal crowns a massif with eleven peaks of elevation more than 7,000 m ( 22,966 ft ) . Istor-o-Nal is located a few kilometres northeast of Tirich Mir ( the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush ) , across the Tirich Glacier . eos
crowns a massif with eleven peaks of elevation more than 7,000 m ( 22,966 ft ) . Istor-o-Nal is located a few kilometres northeast of Tirich Mir ( the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush ) , across the Tirich Glacier . Because Istor-o-Nal is behind the higher peak of Tirich Mir from many viewpoints , Istor-o-Nal is not easily visible and therefore not well known . eos
is located a few kilometres northeast of Tirich Mir ( the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush ) , across the Tirich Glacier . Because Istor-o-Nal is behind the higher peak of Tirich Mir from many viewpoints , Istor-o-Nal is not easily visible and therefore not well known . The word ` ` Istoro Nal '' means horseshoe in the Khowar language ( Istor means ` ` horse '' ) . eos
is behind the higher peak of Tirich Mir from many viewpoints , Istor-o-Nal is not easily visible and therefore not well known . The word ` ` Istoro Nal '' means horseshoe in the Khowar language ( Istor means ` ` horse '' ) . The origin of the name is unclear . eos
is not easily visible and therefore not well known . The word ` ` Istoro Nal '' means horseshoe in the Khowar language ( Istor means ` ` horse '' ) . The origin of the name is unclear . eos
was first climbed on june 8 , 1955 by the Americans Major Ken Bankwala , Joseph E Murphy , Jr. , and Thomas A Mutch , on a Princeton Mountaineering Club expedition . They climbed the west ridge , starting from the south side of Istor-o-Nal on the Tirich Glacier . Their small , minimally financed expedition ( by the standards of the time for high - altitude mountaineering ) achieved what was then the second highest summit attained by Americans . eos
on the Tirich Glacier . Their small , minimally financed expedition ( by the standards of the time for high - altitude mountaineering ) achieved what was then the second highest summit attained by Americans . eos
( "" Arabic : جبل النبي شعيب "" mountain of the prophet Shu'ayb ) is a mountain located in Sana'a Governorate , Yemen . Jabal_an_Nabi_Shuayb is the highest mountain of the country . eos
is the highest mountain of the country . eos
is the eighth highest peak in the Wind River Range , Wyoming . The Bull Lake Glacier is located immediately north and east of Jackson_Peak_Fremont_County_Wyoming . Situated on the Continental Divide , Jackson_Peak_Fremont_County_Wyoming is southeast of Fremont Peak . eos
. Situated on the Continental Divide , Jackson_Peak_Fremont_County_Wyoming is southeast of Fremont Peak . eos
is southeast of Fremont Peak . eos
( simplified Chinese : 玉龙雪山 ; traditional Chinese : 玉龍雪山 ; pinyin : eos
highest peak is named Shanzidou ( 扇子陡 ) ( 5596 metres or 18359 feet ) . The view of the massif from the gardens at the Black Dragon Pool ( Heilong Tan ) in Lijiang is noted as one of China 's finest views . The far side of Jade_Dragon_Snow_Mountain forms one side of Tiger Leaping Gorge ( Hutiao Xia ) . eos
forms one side of Tiger Leaping Gorge ( Hutiao Xia ) . Shanzidou has been climbed only once , on May 8 , 1987 , by an American expedition . The summit team comprised Phil Peralta - Ramos and Eric Perlman . eos
. eos
or Jangi - Tau is a summit in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range . Janga lies on the border of Svaneti ( Georgia ) and Kabardino - Balkaria ( Russia ) . The elevation of Janga is 5051 m above sea level . eos
lies on the border of Svaneti ( Georgia ) and Kabardino - Balkaria ( Russia ) . The elevation of Janga is 5051 m above sea level . The slopes of Janga are heavily glaciated . eos
is 5051 m above sea level . The slopes of Janga are heavily glaciated . eos
are heavily glaciated . eos
is an extinct volcano near the city of Baza in the Granada province in Spain . Javaleon reaches a height of 1,494 metres above sea level . At the foot of Javaleon are the Banõs de Zujar ( baths of Zujar ) . eos
reaches a height of 1,494 metres above sea level . At the foot of Javaleon are the Banõs de Zujar ( baths of Zujar ) . They maintain a temperature over 30 ° C all year round , and are heated by a geo - thermal source underground . eos
are the Banõs de Zujar ( baths of Zujar ) . They maintain a temperature over 30 ° C all year round , and are heated by a geo - thermal source underground . Javaleon also has a church situated on top as well as television and other communication towers . eos
also has a church situated on top as well as television and other communication towers . Paragliders frequently launch from the top of here as Javaleon is surrounded by relatively flat land . eos
is surrounded by relatively flat land . eos
is in Alpine County , California . Jobs_Peak is the most prominent peak off visible from the Carson Valley in Douglas County , Nevada . Jobs_Peak is great for hiking , and backcountry skiing . eos
is the most prominent peak off visible from the Carson Valley in Douglas County , Nevada . Jobs_Peak is great for hiking , and backcountry skiing . Jobs_Peak has views of Lake Tahoe , and Carson Valley . eos
is great for hiking , and backcountry skiing . Jobs_Peak has views of Lake Tahoe , and Carson Valley . eos
has views of Lake Tahoe , and Carson Valley . eos
, or Baltistan Peak , is a notable peak of the Masherbrum Mountains , a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range . Despite being much lower than the nearby Eight - thousanders and high 7000 m peaks such as Masherbrum , K6_mountain has huge , steep faces , and great relief above the nearby valleys , making K6_mountain an impressive peak . eos
has huge , steep faces , and great relief above the nearby valleys , making K6_mountain an impressive peak . eos
an impressive peak . eos
is a mountain in the Himalayas on the border of India and Nepal . Kabru is part of a ridge that extends south from Kangchenjunga . The main features of this ridge are as follows ( north to south ) : eos
is part of a ridge that extends south from Kangchenjunga . The main features of this ridge are as follows ( north to south ) : * Kangchenjunga south top , 8476 m , at 27 ° 41 ' 30N , 88 ° 09 ' 15E eos
highest point ; the higher summit was considered to be an unnamed summit along the ridge to Kangchenjunga . * An intervening c. 7200 eos
. A series of avalanches forced the group to give up their goal . eos
is a mountain in the Nepalese Himalaya . Kala_Patthar appears as a big brown bump below the impressive south face of Pumori ( 7,161 m / 23,494 ft ) . Many trekkers in the region of Mount Everest will attempt to summit Kala_Patthar , since Kala_Patthar provides the most accessible point to view Mt. Everest from base camp to peak ( due to the structure of Everest , the peak can not be seen from the base camp ) . eos
appears as a big brown bump below the impressive south face of Pumori ( 7,161 m / 23,494 ft ) . Many trekkers in the region of Mount Everest will attempt to summit Kala_Patthar , since Kala_Patthar provides the most accessible point to view Mt. Everest from base camp to peak ( due to the structure of Everest , the peak can not be seen from the base camp ) . The views from almost anywhere on Kala_Patthar of Everest , Lhotse and Nuptse are spectacular . eos
, since Kala_Patthar provides the most accessible point to view Mt. Everest from base camp to peak ( due to the structure of Everest , the peak can not be seen from the base camp ) . The views from almost anywhere on Kala_Patthar of Everest , Lhotse and Nuptse are spectacular . The ascent of Kala_Patthar begins at Gorakshep ( 5,164 m ) , the original base camp for Mt. Everest . eos
provides the most accessible point to view Mt. Everest from base camp to peak ( due to the structure of Everest , the peak can not be seen from the base camp ) . The views from almost anywhere on Kala_Patthar of Everest , Lhotse and Nuptse are spectacular . The ascent of Kala_Patthar begins at Gorakshep ( 5,164 m ) , the original base camp for Mt. Everest . eos
of Everest , Lhotse and Nuptse are spectacular . The ascent of Kala_Patthar begins at Gorakshep ( 5,164 m ) , the original base camp for Mt. Everest . After a brief dip to an ancient lake bed ( which now contains a small lake and a helipad ) , the ascent makes its way up a series of steep switchbacks before levelling off somewhat as it traverses to the eastern side of Kala_Patthar . eos
begins at Gorakshep ( 5,164 m ) , the original base camp for Mt. Everest . After a brief dip to an ancient lake bed ( which now contains a small lake and a helipad ) , the ascent makes its way up a series of steep switchbacks before levelling off somewhat as it traverses to the eastern side of Kala_Patthar . The trail then becomes steep once again until it reaches the wind - swept summit ridge . eos
. The trail then becomes steep once again until it reaches the wind - swept summit ridge . From there , a five to ten minute scramble over boulders takes one to the top , which is marked with prayer flags . eos
is merely a minor summit on a ridge leading to Pumo Ri , different people may have measured different summits . The summit traditionally referred to as Kala Patthar is , however , completely festooned with prayer flags , making it quite readily recognizable . It is that summit that was recorded as 5,643 m. eos
is the second highest mountain in the Garhwal region of India , after Nanda Devi , 7,816 m ( 25,643 ft ) . Kamet lies in the Chamoli District of Uttarakhand , close to the border with Tibet . Kamet is the third highest mountain in India ( according to India however , the rank is much lower as it includes in its list of mountains all those in Pakistan occupied Kashmir ) , and the 29th highest in the world . eos
lies in the Chamoli District of Uttarakhand , close to the border with Tibet . Kamet is the third highest mountain in India ( according to India however , the rank is much lower as it includes in its list of mountains all those in Pakistan occupied Kashmir ) , and the 29th highest in the world . Kamet is most properly considered part of ( and the highest summit in ) the Zaskar ( or Zanskar ) Range , which lies north of the main chain of the Himalaya , between the Suru River and the upper Karnali River . eos
is the third highest mountain in India ( according to India however , the rank is much lower as it includes in its list of mountains all those in Pakistan occupied Kashmir ) , and the 29th highest in the world . Kamet is most properly considered part of ( and the highest summit in ) the Zaskar ( or Zanskar ) Range , which lies north of the main chain of the Himalaya , between the Suru River and the upper Karnali River . In appearance Kamet resembles a giant pyramid topped by a flat summit area with two peaks . eos
is most properly considered part of ( and the highest summit in ) the Zaskar ( or Zanskar ) Range , which lies north of the main chain of the Himalaya , between the Suru River and the upper Karnali River . In appearance Kamet resembles a giant pyramid topped by a flat summit area with two peaks . eos
resembles a giant pyramid topped by a flat summit area with two peaks . eos
( Nepali : कञ्चनजङ्घा ) SewaLungma ( Limbu language ) is the third highest mountain in the world ( after Mount Everest and K2 ) with an altitude of 8,586 metres ( 28,169 feet ) . Kangchenjunga is generally regarded as the highest mountain in India and the second highest peak in Nepal . eos
is generally regarded as the highest mountain in India and the second highest peak in Nepal . Kangchenjunga translated means ` ` The Five Treasures of Snows '' , as Kangchenjunga contains five peaks , four of them over 8,450 metres . The treasures represent the five repositories of god , which are gold , silver , gems , grain , and holy books . eos
contains five peaks , four of them over 8,450 metres . The treasures represent the five repositories of god , which are gold , silver , gems , grain , and holy books . Kangchenjunga is also called Sewalungma in local Limbu language and considered sacred in Kirant religion . eos
is also called Sewalungma in local Limbu language and considered sacred in Kirant religion . Three of these five peaks ( main , central , and south ) are on the border of North Sikkim district of Sikkim , India and Taplejung District of Nepal , while the other two are completely in Taplejung District . Nepal is home to the Kangchenjunga Conservation Area Project run by the World Wildlife Fund , in association with the Nepal Mountaineering Association and HMG in Nepal , the sanctuary is also home to the Red Panda and other snow animals , birds and plants . eos
also has a protected park area called the Khangchendzonga National Park . Although Kangchenjunga is the official spelling adopted by Douglas Freshfield , AM Kellas , and the Royal Geographical Society that gives the best indication of the Tibetan pronunciation , there are a number of alternative spellings which include Kangchen Dzö - nga , Khangchendzonga , Kanchenjanga , Kachendzonga , Kanchenjunga or Kangchanfanga . The final word on the use of the name Kangchenjunga came from His Highness Sir Tashi Namgyal , the Maharaja or chogyal of Sikkim , who stated that ` ` although junga had no meaning in Tibetan , it really ought to have been Zod - nga ( treasure , five ) Kang - chen ( snow , big ) conveyed the meaning correctly '' . eos
was assumed to be the highest mountain in the world , but calculations made by the British Great Trigonometric Survey in 1849 came to the conclusion that Mount Everest was the highest and Kangchenjunga the third - highest . Kangchenjunga was first climbed on May 25 , 1955 by Joe Brown and George Band of a British expedition . The British expedition honoured the beliefs of the Sikkimese , who hold the summit sacred , by stopping a few feet short of the actual summit . eos
the third - highest . Kangchenjunga was first climbed on May 25 , 1955 by Joe Brown and George Band of a British expedition . The British expedition honoured the beliefs of the Sikkimese , who hold the summit sacred , by stopping a few feet short of the actual summit . eos
was first climbed on May 25 , 1955 by Joe Brown and George Band of a British expedition . The British expedition honoured the beliefs of the Sikkimese , who hold the summit sacred , by stopping a few feet short of the actual summit . Most successful summit parties since then have followed this tradition . eos
are as follows : The huge massif of Kangchenjunga is buttressed by great ridges running roughly due east to west and north to south , forming a giant ` X ' . These ridges contain a host of peaks between 6,000 and 8,000 meters . eos
is buttressed by great ridges running roughly due east to west and north to south , forming a giant ` X ' . These ridges contain a host of peaks between 6,000 and 8,000 meters . On the east ridge in Sikkim , is Siniolchu ( 6,888 m/22 , 600 ft ) . eos
is known for Kangchenjunga famous views from the hill station of Darjeeling . On a clear day , Kangchenjunga presents an image not as much of a mountain but of a white wall hanging from the sky . The people of Sikkim revere Kangchenjunga as a sacred mountain . eos
famous views from the hill station of Darjeeling . On a clear day , Kangchenjunga presents an image not as much of a mountain but of a white wall hanging from the sky . The people of Sikkim revere Kangchenjunga as a sacred mountain . eos
presents an image not as much of a mountain but of a white wall hanging from the sky . The people of Sikkim revere Kangchenjunga as a sacred mountain . Permission to climb Kangchenjunga from the Indian side is rare , but sometimes allowed . eos
as a sacred mountain . Permission to climb Kangchenjunga from the Indian side is rare , but sometimes allowed . Because of its remote location in Nepal and difficult access from India , the Kangchenjunga region is not much explored by the trekkers . eos
from the Indian side is rare , but sometimes allowed . Because of its remote location in Nepal and difficult access from India , the Kangchenjunga region is not much explored by the trekkers . It has , therefore , retained much of its pristine beauty . eos
. Another trek to Green Lake Basin has recently been opened for trekking . This goes to the Northeast side of Kangchenjunga along the famous Zemu glacier . eos
along the famous Zemu glacier . The Kangchenjunga Conservation Area ( KCA ) covers 2,035 km ² surrounding Kangchenjunga on the Nepalese side . eos
on the Nepalese side . eos
( 6,740 m ) is a sacred mountain found in Yunnan , China . Kawa_Karpo is sacred to most Chinese buddhist people . Kawa_Karpo is the highest mountain in Yunnan . eos
is sacred to most Chinese buddhist people . Kawa_Karpo is the highest mountain in Yunnan . Kawa_Karpo is unclimbed , and Kawa_Karpo is known as a meditation site . eos
is the highest mountain in Yunnan . Kawa_Karpo is unclimbed , and Kawa_Karpo is known as a meditation site . Kawa_Karpo is part of the Yunnan Trek . eos
is unclimbed , and Kawa_Karpo is known as a meditation site . Kawa_Karpo is part of the Yunnan Trek . eos
is known as a meditation site . Kawa_Karpo is part of the Yunnan Trek . eos
is part of the Yunnan Trek . eos
, in Canada 's Yukon Territory , is the tallest peak in the Mackenzie Mountains at 2,972 metres ( 9,751 ft ) . Keele_Peak is located about 25 km from the Canol Road not far from the Northwest Territories border . Keele_Peak was named for Joseph Keele , an explorer and geologist who had moved to Canada from his native Ireland . eos
is located about 25 km from the Canol Road not far from the Northwest Territories border . Keele_Peak was named for Joseph Keele , an explorer and geologist who had moved to Canada from his native Ireland . eos
was named for Joseph Keele , an explorer and geologist who had moved to Canada from his native Ireland . eos
( Uighur , translated as ` ` Lord of the spirits '' , or ` ` Lord of the sky '' ; or Turkic translated as ` ` Ruler of Skies '' , ` ` Ruler Tengri '' ) is a mountain of the Tian Shan mountain range . Khan_Tengri is located on the Kyrgyzstan - Kazakhstan border , east of lake Issyk Kul . eos
is located on the Kyrgyzstan - Kazakhstan border , east of lake Issyk Kul . Khan_Tengri geologic elevation is 6995 m but Khan_Tengri glacial cap rises to 7010 m. For this reason , in mountaineering circles , including for the Soviet Snow Leopard award criteria , Khan_Tengri is considered a 7000-metre peak . eos
geologic elevation is 6995 m but Khan_Tengri glacial cap rises to 7010 m. For this reason , in mountaineering circles , including for the Soviet Snow Leopard award criteria , Khan_Tengri is considered a 7000-metre peak . Khan_Tengri is also known as : Khan Tangiri Shyngy , Kan - Too Chokusu , Pik Khan - Tengry , Hantengri Feng . eos
glacial cap rises to 7010 m. For this reason , in mountaineering circles , including for the Soviet Snow Leopard award criteria , Khan_Tengri is considered a 7000-metre peak . Khan_Tengri is also known as : Khan Tangiri Shyngy , Kan - Too Chokusu , Pik Khan - Tengry , Hantengri Feng . eos
is considered a 7000-metre peak . Khan_Tengri is also known as : Khan Tangiri Shyngy , Kan - Too Chokusu , Pik Khan - Tengry , Hantengri Feng . Khan_Tengri is the second - highest mountain in the Tian Shan , surpassed only by Jengish Chokusu ( 7439 m ) a few miles to the south . eos
is also known as : Khan Tangiri Shyngy , Kan - Too Chokusu , Pik Khan - Tengry , Hantengri Feng . Khan_Tengri is the second - highest mountain in the Tian Shan , surpassed only by Jengish Chokusu ( 7439 m ) a few miles to the south . Khan_Tengri is the highest point in Kazakhstan and the third - highest peak in Kyrgyzstan , after Jengish Chokusu and the Pamir 's Independence Peak ( 7,134 m ) . eos
is the second - highest mountain in the Tian Shan , surpassed only by Jengish Chokusu ( 7439 m ) a few miles to the south . Khan_Tengri is the highest point in Kazakhstan and the third - highest peak in Kyrgyzstan , after Jengish Chokusu and the Pamir 's Independence Peak ( 7,134 m ) . eos
is the highest point in Kazakhstan and the third - highest peak in Kyrgyzstan , after Jengish Chokusu and the Pamir 's Independence Peak ( 7,134 m ) . eos
or Kunyang Chhish is the second - highest mountain in the Hispar Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram mountains of Pakistan . Alternate variations of the name include Kunyang Kish and Khiangyang Kish , among others . Khunyang_Chhish height is also sometimes given as 7823 m . eos
height is also sometimes given as 7823 m . Khunyang_Chhish is ranked 21st in the world and 8th in Pakistan . eos
is ranked 21st in the world and 8th in Pakistan . eos
( "" IPA : kiːlauea "" ) is an active volcano in the Hawaiian Islands , one of five shield volcanoes that together form the Island of Hawaii . In Hawaiian , the word kīlauea means ` ` spewing '' or ` ` much spreading '' , in reference to Kilauea frequent outpouring of lava . eos
frequent outpouring of lava . Kilauea is currently the most active volcano and one of the most visited active volcanoes on Earth . Kilauea is the most recent of a series of volcanoes that created the Hawaiian Archipelago , as the Pacific Plate moves over the Hawaii hotspot ( see , however , Lōihi Seamount ) . eos
is currently the most active volcano and one of the most visited active volcanoes on Earth . Kilauea is the most recent of a series of volcanoes that created the Hawaiian Archipelago , as the Pacific Plate moves over the Hawaii hotspot ( see , however , Lōihi Seamount ) . eos
is the most recent of a series of volcanoes that created the Hawaiian Archipelago , as the Pacific Plate moves over the Hawaii hotspot ( see , however , Lōihi Seamount ) . eos
( sometimes called Mount King ) is the fourth highest mountain in Canada and the ninth highest peak in North America . Situated just west of Mount Logan ( highest in Canada ) , King_Peak_Yukon is considered a satellite peak of that massive mountain . eos
is considered a satellite peak of that massive mountain . eos
is the highest peak in the US state of Utah . Kings_Peak_Utah lies just south of the spine of the central Uinta Mountains , in the Ashley National Forest in northeastern Utah , in north - central Duchesne County . Kings_Peak_Utah is also located in the High Uintas Wilderness . eos
lies just south of the spine of the central Uinta Mountains , in the Ashley National Forest in northeastern Utah , in north - central Duchesne County . Kings_Peak_Utah is also located in the High Uintas Wilderness . Kings_Peak_Utah is approximately due east of central Salt Lake City , and due north of the town of Duchesne . eos
is also located in the High Uintas Wilderness . Kings_Peak_Utah is approximately due east of central Salt Lake City , and due north of the town of Duchesne . There are three popular routes to the mountain top ; a scramble up the east slope , a hike up the northern ridge , and a long but relatively easy hike up the southern slope . eos
is approximately due east of central Salt Lake City , and due north of the town of Duchesne . There are three popular routes to the mountain top ; a scramble up the east slope , a hike up the northern ridge , and a long but relatively easy hike up the southern slope . Kings_Peak_Utah was named for Clarence King , a surveyor in the area . eos
was named for Clarence King , a surveyor in the area . eos
is a mountain of the Livingston Range , in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States . Kinnerly_Peak is located approximately 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) north of Kintla Peak , the highest peak in the Livingston Range , and 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south of the Canadian border . Both peaks are located in the remote northwest corner of the park . eos
is located approximately 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) north of Kintla Peak , the highest peak in the Livingston Range , and 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south of the Canadian border . Both peaks are located in the remote northwest corner of the park . Kinnerly_Peak is notable for Kinnerly_Peak huge north face , which rises steeply from Upper Kintla Lake . eos
is notable for Kinnerly_Peak huge north face , which rises steeply from Upper Kintla Lake . From the lake to the summit is an elevation gain of 5,573 ft ( 1,699 m ) in approximately 1 horizontal mile ( 5,280 ft/1 .6 km ) . ( This elevation gain over one horizontal mile is almost unmatched in the contiguous United States . ) eos
huge north face , which rises steeply from Upper Kintla Lake . From the lake to the summit is an elevation gain of 5,573 ft ( 1,699 m ) in approximately 1 horizontal mile ( 5,280 ft/1 .6 km ) . ( This elevation gain over one horizontal mile is almost unmatched in the contiguous United States . ) eos
was made by a Sierra Club party led by the noted mountaineer Norman Clyde , in 1937 . The standard climbing route ascends the northwest face , starting from the south shore of Upper Kintla Lake . It involves a large amount of elevation gain , mostly by scrambling , but with some exposed and mildly technical sections ( Class 4 or easy Class 5 ) . eos
is located in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States and Kintla_Peak is the tallest mountain in the Livingston Range . Kintla_Peak is in the remote northwest corner of the park and Kintla_Peak requires a hike of almost 15 miles ( 24 km ) from the nearest road just to reach the base of Kintla_Peak . Kintla_Peak is notable for Kintla_Peak large rise above local terrain ; nearby Upper Kintla Lake is only 4,370 ft ( 1,332 m ) in elevation . eos
is the tallest mountain in the Livingston Range . Kintla_Peak is in the remote northwest corner of the park and Kintla_Peak requires a hike of almost 15 miles ( 24 km ) from the nearest road just to reach the base of Kintla_Peak . Kintla_Peak is notable for Kintla_Peak large rise above local terrain ; nearby Upper Kintla Lake is only 4,370 ft ( 1,332 m ) in elevation . eos
is in the remote northwest corner of the park and Kintla_Peak requires a hike of almost 15 miles ( 24 km ) from the nearest road just to reach the base of Kintla_Peak . Kintla_Peak is notable for Kintla_Peak large rise above local terrain ; nearby Upper Kintla Lake is only 4,370 ft ( 1,332 m ) in elevation . ( Kintla_Peak northern neighbor Kinnerly Peak has an even more dramatic drop to Upper Kintla Lake . ) eos
requires a hike of almost 15 miles ( 24 km ) from the nearest road just to reach the base of Kintla_Peak . Kintla_Peak is notable for Kintla_Peak large rise above local terrain ; nearby Upper Kintla Lake is only 4,370 ft ( 1,332 m ) in elevation . ( Kintla_Peak northern neighbor Kinnerly Peak has an even more dramatic drop to Upper Kintla Lake . ) eos
. Kintla_Peak is notable for Kintla_Peak large rise above local terrain ; nearby Upper Kintla Lake is only 4,370 ft ( 1,332 m ) in elevation . ( Kintla_Peak northern neighbor Kinnerly Peak has an even more dramatic drop to Upper Kintla Lake . ) eos
is notable for Kintla_Peak large rise above local terrain ; nearby Upper Kintla Lake is only 4,370 ft ( 1,332 m ) in elevation . ( Kintla_Peak northern neighbor Kinnerly Peak has an even more dramatic drop to Upper Kintla Lake . ) This helps make Kintla_Peak ` ` the most arduous climb in the northwest section of the park '' ( Edwards 1995:89 ) . eos
large rise above local terrain ; nearby Upper Kintla Lake is only 4,370 ft ( 1,332 m ) in elevation . ( Kintla_Peak northern neighbor Kinnerly Peak has an even more dramatic drop to Upper Kintla Lake . ) This helps make Kintla_Peak ` ` the most arduous climb in the northwest section of the park '' ( Edwards 1995:89 ) . eos
northern neighbor Kinnerly Peak has an even more dramatic drop to Upper Kintla Lake . ) This helps make Kintla_Peak ` ` the most arduous climb in the northwest section of the park '' ( Edwards 1995:89 ) . The standard route is the Southeast Ridge Route , from the Agassiz Glacier basin . eos
` ` the most arduous climb in the northwest section of the park '' ( Edwards 1995:89 ) . The standard route is the Southeast Ridge Route , from the Agassiz Glacier basin . This route has a long approach and a large total vertical gain , and involves rock scrambling up to Class 4 , in addition to some climbing on snow , depending on the season . eos
( marketed as the ` ` Matterhorn Glacier Paradise '' ) is the highest point in the Zermatt - Cervinia ski area in Switzerland , and the end point of the highest cable car in Europe . The peak is at 3883 m with the cable car terminal at 3820 m . eos
( "" Russian : Ключевская сопка "" ) is the highest mountain on the Kamchatka Peninsula of Russia . Klyuchevskaya_Sopka steep , symmetrical cone towers are a mere 100 km ( 60 miles ) from the Bering Sea . Klyuchevskaya_Sopka is part of the natural UNESCO World Heritage Site Volcanoes of Kamchatka . eos
steep , symmetrical cone towers are a mere 100 km ( 60 miles ) from the Bering Sea . Klyuchevskaya_Sopka is part of the natural UNESCO World Heritage Site Volcanoes of Kamchatka . Klyuchevskaya_Sopka first recorded eruption occurred in 1697 , and Klyuchevskaya_Sopka has been almost continuously active ever since , as have many of Klyuchevskaya_Sopka neighboring volcanoes . eos
is part of the natural UNESCO World Heritage Site Volcanoes of Kamchatka . Klyuchevskaya_Sopka first recorded eruption occurred in 1697 , and Klyuchevskaya_Sopka has been almost continuously active ever since , as have many of Klyuchevskaya_Sopka neighboring volcanoes . First climbed in 1788 by Daniel Gauss and two other members of the Billings Expedition . eos
first recorded eruption occurred in 1697 , and Klyuchevskaya_Sopka has been almost continuously active ever since , as have many of Klyuchevskaya_Sopka neighboring volcanoes . First climbed in 1788 by Daniel Gauss and two other members of the Billings Expedition . No other ascents were then recorded until 1931 , when several climbers were killed by flying lava on the descent . eos
has been almost continuously active ever since , as have many of Klyuchevskaya_Sopka neighboring volcanoes . First climbed in 1788 by Daniel Gauss and two other members of the Billings Expedition . No other ascents were then recorded until 1931 , when several climbers were killed by flying lava on the descent . eos
neighboring volcanoes . First climbed in 1788 by Daniel Gauss and two other members of the Billings Expedition . No other ascents were then recorded until 1931 , when several climbers were killed by flying lava on the descent . eos
is considered sacred by some indigenous peoples , being viewed by them as the location at which the world was created . Other volcanoes in the region are seen with similar spiritual significance , but Klyuchevskaya_Sopka is the most sacred of these . It is said that when the god Volkov created the world , Klyuchevskaya_Sopka was the point at which he held it , and so Klyuchevskaya_Sopka remains unfinished , unsealed , thus the volcanic activity . eos
is the most sacred of these . It is said that when the god Volkov created the world , Klyuchevskaya_Sopka was the point at which he held it , and so Klyuchevskaya_Sopka remains unfinished , unsealed , thus the volcanic activity . eos
remains unfinished , unsealed , thus the volcanic activity . eos
was the point at which he held it , and so Klyuchevskaya_Sopka remains unfinished , unsealed , thus the volcanic activity . eos
( Chinese : "" "" ; pinyin : Gōnggé ` ěr Shān ) ( also referred to as Kongur ) is the highest peak of the Kunlun Mountains in China . Kongur_Tagh is situated in a small subrange , known as the Kongur Shan , which forms the western end of the Kunlun . eos
is situated in a small subrange , known as the Kongur Shan , which forms the western end of the Kunlun . ( Some sources use ` ` Kongur Shan '' mistakenly to refer to Kongur_Tagh itself . ) Kongur_Tagh is just north of Muztagh Ata and close to Karakul Lake and the Pamir Mountains . eos
itself . ) Kongur_Tagh is just north of Muztagh Ata and close to Karakul Lake and the Pamir Mountains . Due to Kongur_Tagh remoteness and being hidden by nearby peaks , Kongur_Tagh was not discovered by Europeans until 1900 . eos
is just north of Muztagh Ata and close to Karakul Lake and the Pamir Mountains . Due to Kongur_Tagh remoteness and being hidden by nearby peaks , Kongur_Tagh was not discovered by Europeans until 1900 . However , the building of the Karakorum Highway from Pakistan to China , which runs past nearby Tashkurgan and Karakul Lake , has now made Kongur_Tagh more accessible . eos
remoteness and being hidden by nearby peaks , Kongur_Tagh was not discovered by Europeans until 1900 . However , the building of the Karakorum Highway from Pakistan to China , which runs past nearby Tashkurgan and Karakul Lake , has now made Kongur_Tagh more accessible . The first attempt to climb Kongur_Tagh was made in 1956 but the party aborted the attempt when it realized it was beyond their abilities . eos
was not discovered by Europeans until 1900 . However , the building of the Karakorum Highway from Pakistan to China , which runs past nearby Tashkurgan and Karakul Lake , has now made Kongur_Tagh more accessible . The first attempt to climb Kongur_Tagh was made in 1956 but the party aborted the attempt when it realized it was beyond their abilities . eos
more accessible . The first attempt to climb Kongur_Tagh was made in 1956 but the party aborted the attempt when it realized it was beyond their abilities . The first ascent of Kongur_Tagh was completed in 1981 by a British expedition consisting of Chris Bonington , Al Rouse , Peter Boardman and Joe Tasker . eos
was made in 1956 but the party aborted the attempt when it realized it was beyond their abilities . The first ascent of Kongur_Tagh was completed in 1981 by a British expedition consisting of Chris Bonington , Al Rouse , Peter Boardman and Joe Tasker . Kongur_Tagh has a significant subpeak known as Kongur Tiube , 7,530 m ( 24,705 ft ) . eos
was completed in 1981 by a British expedition consisting of Chris Bonington , Al Rouse , Peter Boardman and Joe Tasker . Kongur_Tagh has a significant subpeak known as Kongur Tiube , 7,530 m ( 24,705 ft ) . It is moderately independent , with a topographic prominence of 840 m ( 2,756 ft ) . eos
has a significant subpeak known as Kongur Tiube , 7,530 m ( 24,705 ft ) . It is moderately independent , with a topographic prominence of 840 m ( 2,756 ft ) . It was first climbed in 1956 . eos
( Serbian : Копаоник ) , is one of the biggest mountains of Serbia . Kopaonik is located in the southern part of Central Serbia . eos
is located in the southern part of Central Serbia . Kopaonik highest peak is 2,017 metres above sea level , Pančić 's Peak . Kopaonik 's national park was established in 1981 . eos
highest peak is 2,017 metres above sea level , Pančić 's Peak . Kopaonik 's national park was established in 1981 . The national park 's area is 118.1 km ² , and is spread over the central part of the Kopaonik plateau . eos
or Koryakskaya Sopka ( "" Russian : Коря & amp;#769 ; кская со & amp;#769 ; пка "" ) is a volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in the far east of Russia . eos
lies within sight of Kamchatka Krai 's administrative center , Petropavlovsk - Kamchatsky . Together with neighbouring Avachinsky , Koryaksky has been designated a Decade Volcano , worthy of particular study in light of Koryaksky history of explosive eruptions and proximity to populated areas . eos
has been designated a Decade Volcano , worthy of particular study in light of Koryaksky history of explosive eruptions and proximity to populated areas . eos
history of explosive eruptions and proximity to populated areas . eos
( also Mount Koshkhatau ) is the highest peak of the Koshtan massif of the central Caucasus Mountains in the Kabardino - Balkaria Republic of Russia , near the border with Georgia . eos
( or Kohe Bandaka , Bandako , or incorrectly Koh - i - Bandakor ) is one of the highest peaks of the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan . Kuh-e_Bandaka is northeast of Kabul and west of Chitral . Separated by a relatively low pass from the core of the Hindu Kush , Kuh-e_Bandaka is the highest mountain entirely within Afghanistan , and the most topographically prominent peak in all of Afghanistan . eos
is northeast of Kabul and west of Chitral . Separated by a relatively low pass from the core of the Hindu Kush , Kuh-e_Bandaka is the highest mountain entirely within Afghanistan , and the most topographically prominent peak in all of Afghanistan . On september 22 , 1960 , the second German expedition to visit the Hindu Kush made the first ascent of Kuh-e_Bandaka . eos
is the highest mountain entirely within Afghanistan , and the most topographically prominent peak in all of Afghanistan . On september 22 , 1960 , the second German expedition to visit the Hindu Kush made the first ascent of Kuh-e_Bandaka . The members of the expedition were Wolfgang von Hansemann , Dietrich Hasse , Siegbert Heine , and Johannes Winkler , all from West Berlin ; eos
. The members of the expedition were Wolfgang von Hansemann , Dietrich Hasse , Siegbert Heine , and Johannes Winkler , all from West Berlin ; all attained the summit . eos
is claimed by many authorities to be the highest mountain in Bhutan but this is disputed by others , who claim that Kula_Kangri is wholly in Tibet . The first ascent was in 1937 by Chapman and Dawa Lama . Kula_Kangri occupies two ranges , the Himalaya and the Bhutan Himalaya . eos
is wholly in Tibet . The first ascent was in 1937 by Chapman and Dawa Lama . Kula_Kangri occupies two ranges , the Himalaya and the Bhutan Himalaya . eos
occupies two ranges , the Himalaya and the Bhutan Himalaya . Chinese and Japanese authorities claim nearby Gangkhar Puensum is higher , and the claim that Kula_Kangri is in or on the border with Bhutan is challenged here . eos
is in or on the border with Bhutan is challenged here . eos
is a fourteener and the fifth highest mountain in the US state of Colorado . La_Plata_Peak is located in the Sawatch Range in northwestern Chaffee County , approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) southwest of Leadville , Colorado , just south of Twin Lakes and Colorado State Highway 82 on the east side of Independence Pass . La_Plata_Peak is located completely within the San Isabel National Forest and La_Plata_Peak is part of the Collegiate Peaks Wilderness . eos
is located in the Sawatch Range in northwestern Chaffee County , approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) southwest of Leadville , Colorado , just south of Twin Lakes and Colorado State Highway 82 on the east side of Independence Pass . La_Plata_Peak is located completely within the San Isabel National Forest and La_Plata_Peak is part of the Collegiate Peaks Wilderness . La_Plata_Peak name means ` silver ' in Spanish . eos
is located completely within the San Isabel National Forest and La_Plata_Peak is part of the Collegiate Peaks Wilderness . La_Plata_Peak name means ` silver ' in Spanish . This comes from the many silver deposits in the area . eos
is part of the Collegiate Peaks Wilderness . La_Plata_Peak name means ` silver ' in Spanish . This comes from the many silver deposits in the area . eos
name means ` silver ' in Spanish . This comes from the many silver deposits in the area . The nearby ghost towns of Winfield and Hamilton were prominent silver mining towns in the early part of the 20th Century . eos
on july 26th , 1873 . eos
( or Lapche Kang , Lobuche Kang I , Choksiam ) is a high peak of the Himalayas in Nepal / Tibet , on the main chain on the watershed separating the Sub - Continent of India from Tibet . Labuche_Kang lies in a little - known region known as the Labuche Himal . eos
lies in a little - known region known as the Labuche Himal . Labuche_Kang was first climbed in 1987 by a Tibetan - Japanese expedition , via the West Ridge . According to the Index , there have been no subsequent attempts or ascents . eos
was first climbed in 1987 by a Tibetan - Japanese expedition , via the West Ridge . According to the Index , there have been no subsequent attempts or ascents . eos
in the Haramosh Valley , ( near Chogurunma Glacier ) is 6,985 m high . Laila_Peak_Haramosh_Valley was first climbed by the Hekiryou Alpine Club of Japan in 1979 . eos
was first climbed by the Hekiryou Alpine Club of Japan in 1979 . eos
in Hushe valley near Gondogoro glacier is in Karakoram range and Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley is 6,096 m high . Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley distinctive spear - like shape makes Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley one of the most beautiful mountains of the world . Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley North West face has a slope of 45 degrees in more than 1500 vertical meters . eos
is 6,096 m high . Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley distinctive spear - like shape makes Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley one of the most beautiful mountains of the world . Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley North West face has a slope of 45 degrees in more than 1500 vertical meters . eos
distinctive spear - like shape makes Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley one of the most beautiful mountains of the world . Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley North West face has a slope of 45 degrees in more than 1500 vertical meters . Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley has been climbed at least once but no record of Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley ascents has been maintained . eos
one of the most beautiful mountains of the world . Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley North West face has a slope of 45 degrees in more than 1500 vertical meters . Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley has been climbed at least once but no record of Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley ascents has been maintained . eos
North West face has a slope of 45 degrees in more than 1500 vertical meters . Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley has been climbed at least once but no record of Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley ascents has been maintained . According to the local people in Hushe , Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley has been climbed only twice , a total of only seven people have summited . eos
has been climbed at least once but no record of Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley ascents has been maintained . According to the local people in Hushe , Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley has been climbed only twice , a total of only seven people have summited . The height of Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley in Hushe valley has been controversial . eos
ascents has been maintained . According to the local people in Hushe , Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley has been climbed only twice , a total of only seven people have summited . The height of Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley in Hushe valley has been controversial . eos
has been climbed only twice , a total of only seven people have summited . The height of Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley in Hushe valley has been controversial . Some believe it to be 6200 m whereas some mention it as 6614 m . eos
in Hushe valley has been controversial . Some believe it to be 6200 m whereas some mention it as 6614 m . In a Japanese mountaineering map by Tsuneo Miyamori ( published in 2003 ) , the height of Laila_Peak_Hushe_Valley is mentioned as 6096 meters . eos
is mentioned as 6096 meters . eos
in the Rupal Valley is 5,971 m high . In Laila_Peak_Rupal_Valley north is the Rupal Glacier and in Laila_Peak_Rupal_Valley east lies Rupal Peak ( 5,584 m ) . In the north of the Rupal Glacier is the Nanga Parbat massif that has many high peaks like Rakhiot Peak and Mazeno Peak . eos
north is the Rupal Glacier and in Laila_Peak_Rupal_Valley east lies Rupal Peak ( 5,584 m ) . In the north of the Rupal Glacier is the Nanga Parbat massif that has many high peaks like Rakhiot Peak and Mazeno Peak . eos
east lies Rupal Peak ( 5,584 m ) . In the north of the Rupal Glacier is the Nanga Parbat massif that has many high peaks like Rakhiot Peak and Mazeno Peak . eos
is a peak of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in the Svaneti region of Georgia . The elevation of Lalveri is 4,350 meters ( 14,268 ft . ) above sea level . The most accessible climbing route to the summit of Lalveri is through the Tsaneri Glacier . eos
is 4,350 meters ( 14,268 ft . ) above sea level . The most accessible climbing route to the summit of Lalveri is through the Tsaneri Glacier . eos
is through the Tsaneri Glacier . eos
is the highest peak of the Langtang Himal , which is a subrange of the Nepal Himalaya , southwest of the Eight - thousander Shisha Pangma . eos
is an ice - clad and cone - shaped stratovolcano on the border of Argentina and Chile . Lanin forms a part of two national parks : Lanín in Argentina and Villarrica in Chile . The ascent to Lanin is relatively simple , however many deaths have been occurred due to lack of responsibility and caution of the climbers . eos
forms a part of two national parks : Lanín in Argentina and Villarrica in Chile . The ascent to Lanin is relatively simple , however many deaths have been occurred due to lack of responsibility and caution of the climbers . The ascent is regulated by the management of Argentinian National Parks and the Argentine National Gendarmerie . eos
is relatively simple , however many deaths have been occurred due to lack of responsibility and caution of the climbers . The ascent is regulated by the management of Argentinian National Parks and the Argentine National Gendarmerie . Lanin is the symbol of the province of Neuquen , being part of the flag and Neuquen 's anthem . eos
is the symbol of the province of Neuquen , being part of the flag and Neuquen 's anthem . The nearest town it is Junin de los Andes , a touristic center . The access to Lanin is through the national route 60 . eos
is through the national route 60 . eos
is the most active volcano of the northern Chilean Andes . Lascar_Volcano lies east of the Salar de Atacama and immediately west of Aguas Calientes volcano . Other volcanoes in the area include the Acamarachi and Chiliques , all of which form a spectacular backdrop for Laguna Lejía . eos
lies east of the Salar de Atacama and immediately west of Aguas Calientes volcano . Other volcanoes in the area include the Acamarachi and Chiliques , all of which form a spectacular backdrop for Laguna Lejía . Lascar_Volcano contains six overlapping summit craters . eos
contains six overlapping summit craters . Prominent lava flows descend Lascar_Volcano NW flanks . The largest eruption of Lascar_Volcano took place about 26,500 years ago , and following the eruption of the Tumbres scoria flow about 9000 years ago , activity shifted back to the eastern edifice , where three overlapping craters were formed . eos
NW flanks . The largest eruption of Lascar_Volcano took place about 26,500 years ago , and following the eruption of the Tumbres scoria flow about 9000 years ago , activity shifted back to the eastern edifice , where three overlapping craters were formed . Frequent small - to - moderate explosive eruptions have been recorded from Lascar_Volcano in historical time since the mid-19th century , along with periodic larger eruptions that produced ashfall hundreds of kilometers away from Lascar_Volcano . eos
took place about 26,500 years ago , and following the eruption of the Tumbres scoria flow about 9000 years ago , activity shifted back to the eastern edifice , where three overlapping craters were formed . Frequent small - to - moderate explosive eruptions have been recorded from Lascar_Volcano in historical time since the mid-19th century , along with periodic larger eruptions that produced ashfall hundreds of kilometers away from Lascar_Volcano . The largest historical eruption of Lascar_Volcano took place in 1993 , producing pyroclastic flows to 8.5 km NW of the summit and ashfall in Buenos Aires . eos
in historical time since the mid-19th century , along with periodic larger eruptions that produced ashfall hundreds of kilometers away from Lascar_Volcano . The largest historical eruption of Lascar_Volcano took place in 1993 , producing pyroclastic flows to 8.5 km NW of the summit and ashfall in Buenos Aires . eos
. The largest historical eruption of Lascar_Volcano took place in 1993 , producing pyroclastic flows to 8.5 km NW of the summit and ashfall in Buenos Aires . eos
took place in 1993 , producing pyroclastic flows to 8.5 km NW of the summit and ashfall in Buenos Aires . eos
( also known as Mount Lassen ) is the southernmost active volcano in the Cascade Range . Lassen_Peak is part of the Cascade Volcanic Arc which is an arc that stretches from northern California to southwestern British Columbia . Located in the Shasta Cascade region of Northern California , Lassen_Peak rises 2,000 feet ( 610 m ) above the surrounding terrain and Lassen_Peak has a volume of half a cubic mile , making Lassen_Peak one of the largest lava domes on Earth . eos
is part of the Cascade Volcanic Arc which is an arc that stretches from northern California to southwestern British Columbia . Located in the Shasta Cascade region of Northern California , Lassen_Peak rises 2,000 feet ( 610 m ) above the surrounding terrain and Lassen_Peak has a volume of half a cubic mile , making Lassen_Peak one of the largest lava domes on Earth . Lassen_Peak was created on the destroyed northeastern flank of now gone Mount Tehama , a stratovolcano that was at least a thousand feet ( 300 m ) higher than Lassen_Peak . eos
rises 2,000 feet ( 610 m ) above the surrounding terrain and Lassen_Peak has a volume of half a cubic mile , making Lassen_Peak one of the largest lava domes on Earth . Lassen_Peak was created on the destroyed northeastern flank of now gone Mount Tehama , a stratovolcano that was at least a thousand feet ( 300 m ) higher than Lassen_Peak . Lassen_Peak has the distinction of being the only other volcano in the Cascades besides Mount St. Helens to have erupted during the 20th century . eos
has a volume of half a cubic mile , making Lassen_Peak one of the largest lava domes on Earth . Lassen_Peak was created on the destroyed northeastern flank of now gone Mount Tehama , a stratovolcano that was at least a thousand feet ( 300 m ) higher than Lassen_Peak . Lassen_Peak has the distinction of being the only other volcano in the Cascades besides Mount St. Helens to have erupted during the 20th century . eos
one of the largest lava domes on Earth . Lassen_Peak was created on the destroyed northeastern flank of now gone Mount Tehama , a stratovolcano that was at least a thousand feet ( 300 m ) higher than Lassen_Peak . Lassen_Peak has the distinction of being the only other volcano in the Cascades besides Mount St. Helens to have erupted during the 20th century . eos
was created on the destroyed northeastern flank of now gone Mount Tehama , a stratovolcano that was at least a thousand feet ( 300 m ) higher than Lassen_Peak . Lassen_Peak has the distinction of being the only other volcano in the Cascades besides Mount St. Helens to have erupted during the 20th century . On May 22 , 1915 , an explosive eruption at Lassen_Peak devastated nearby areas and rained volcanic ash as far away as 200 miles ( 320 km ) to the east . eos
. Lassen_Peak has the distinction of being the only other volcano in the Cascades besides Mount St. Helens to have erupted during the 20th century . On May 22 , 1915 , an explosive eruption at Lassen_Peak devastated nearby areas and rained volcanic ash as far away as 200 miles ( 320 km ) to the east . eos
has the distinction of being the only other volcano in the Cascades besides Mount St. Helens to have erupted during the 20th century . On May 22 , 1915 , an explosive eruption at Lassen_Peak devastated nearby areas and rained volcanic ash as far away as 200 miles ( 320 km ) to the east . This explosion was the most powerful in a 1914 - 17 series of eruptions that were the last to occur in the Cascades before the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens in Washington . eos
devastated nearby areas and rained volcanic ash as far away as 200 miles ( 320 km ) to the east . This explosion was the most powerful in a 1914 - 17 series of eruptions that were the last to occur in the Cascades before the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens in Washington . Lassen Volcanic National Park was created in Shasta County , California to preserve the devastated area and nearby volcanic wonders . eos
is topped by craters . In fact , a series of these craters exist around Lassen_Peak summit , although two of these are now covered by solidified lava and sulfur deposits . Lassen_Peak is the largest of a group of more than 30 volcanic domes that have erupted over the past 300,000 years in the Lassen Volcanic Center . eos
summit , although two of these are now covered by solidified lava and sulfur deposits . Lassen_Peak is the largest of a group of more than 30 volcanic domes that have erupted over the past 300,000 years in the Lassen Volcanic Center . eos
is the largest of a group of more than 30 volcanic domes that have erupted over the past 300,000 years in the Lassen Volcanic Center . eos
is a peak of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in the Svaneti region of Georgia . The elevation of Latsga is 4,019 meters ( 13,182 ft . ) above sea level . Latsga main glacier , Lekhzir , covers Latsga southern slopes and portions of the adjacent valleys . eos
is 4,019 meters ( 13,182 ft . ) above sea level . Latsga main glacier , Lekhzir , covers Latsga southern slopes and portions of the adjacent valleys . eos
main glacier , Lekhzir , covers Latsga southern slopes and portions of the adjacent valleys . eos
southern slopes and portions of the adjacent valleys . eos
is a peak ( 4,042 m ) of the Aarmassif in the Bernese Alps . The first ascent was on 8 august 1842 by Pierre Jean Édouard Desor , Christian Girard , Arnold Escher von der Linth with the guides Melchior Bannholzer and Jakob Leuthold . eos
is a granite dome in Yosemite National Park , California , USA . Lembert_Dome soars 800 feet ( 240 m ) above Tuolumne Meadows and the Tuolumne River and Lembert_Dome can be hiked starting at the Tioga Road in the heart of Tuolumne Meadows , 8 miles west of the Tioga Pass Entrance to Yosemite National Park . Lembert_Dome was named after John Baptist Lembert , a homesteader in Tuolumne Meadows . eos
soars 800 feet ( 240 m ) above Tuolumne Meadows and the Tuolumne River and Lembert_Dome can be hiked starting at the Tioga Road in the heart of Tuolumne Meadows , 8 miles west of the Tioga Pass Entrance to Yosemite National Park . Lembert_Dome was named after John Baptist Lembert , a homesteader in Tuolumne Meadows . Rock climbers can scale the face from the parking lot just off the Tioga Road , but hikers can simply walk up the back side or take the challenging steeper trek up the face starting from just east of the parking lot . eos
can be hiked starting at the Tioga Road in the heart of Tuolumne Meadows , 8 miles west of the Tioga Pass Entrance to Yosemite National Park . Lembert_Dome was named after John Baptist Lembert , a homesteader in Tuolumne Meadows . Rock climbers can scale the face from the parking lot just off the Tioga Road , but hikers can simply walk up the back side or take the challenging steeper trek up the face starting from just east of the parking lot . eos
was named after John Baptist Lembert , a homesteader in Tuolumne Meadows . Rock climbers can scale the face from the parking lot just off the Tioga Road , but hikers can simply walk up the back side or take the challenging steeper trek up the face starting from just east of the parking lot . Triumphant climbers have sometimes been disappointed to see children and infants at the top , with their families on a hike . eos
, known as Mount Kaufmann until 1928 , is the highest mountain in the Trans - Alay Range of Central Asia and the second highest peak in the Pamir Mountains , exceeded only by Ismail Samani Peak ( 7,495 m ) . Lenin_Peak stands on the border of Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan ; Lenin_Peak is the second - highest point of both countries . Lenin_Peak is also sometimes referred to as ` ` Achiktash '' . eos
stands on the border of Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan ; Lenin_Peak is the second - highest point of both countries . Lenin_Peak is also sometimes referred to as ` ` Achiktash '' . Lenin_Peak was discovered in 1871 and originally named after Konstantin Kaufman . eos
is the second - highest point of both countries . Lenin_Peak is also sometimes referred to as ` ` Achiktash '' . Lenin_Peak was discovered in 1871 and originally named after Konstantin Kaufman . eos
is also sometimes referred to as ` ` Achiktash '' . Lenin_Peak was discovered in 1871 and originally named after Konstantin Kaufman . eos
was discovered in 1871 and originally named after Konstantin Kaufman . eos
( 4,294 m ) is a mountain located in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . Lenzspitze is the furthest peak south on the Nadelgrat , a high - level ridge running roughly north - south above the resort of Saas Fee to the east , and the Mattertal to the west . Lenzspitze was first climbed in august 1870 by Clinton Thomas Dent with guide Alexander Burgener and a porter , Franz Burgener , by the north - east face to the Nadeljoch and then the north - west ridge to the summit . eos
is the furthest peak south on the Nadelgrat , a high - level ridge running roughly north - south above the resort of Saas Fee to the east , and the Mattertal to the west . Lenzspitze was first climbed in august 1870 by Clinton Thomas Dent with guide Alexander Burgener and a porter , Franz Burgener , by the north - east face to the Nadeljoch and then the north - west ridge to the summit . This route is rarely used today . eos
was first climbed in august 1870 by Clinton Thomas Dent with guide Alexander Burgener and a porter , Franz Burgener , by the north - east face to the Nadeljoch and then the north - west ridge to the summit . This route is rarely used today . The east - north - east ridge starts at the Mischabel Hut . eos
north - east face is a classic ice climb , comprising a 500-metre wall of ice or neve at an angle of up to 56 degrees , first climbed by Dietrich von Bethmann - Hollweg with Oskar and Othmar Supersaxo on 7 july 1911 . This face was descended on skis by Heini Holzer on 22 july 1972 . eos
( 4,000 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in the French Alps . Les_Droites has two summits : * West summit ( 3,984 m ) , first ascent by W A. B Coolidge , Christian Almer Sr and Christian Almer Jr on 16 july 1876 * East summit ( 4,000 m ) , first ascent by Thomas Middlemore and John Oakley Maund with guides Henri Cordier , Johann Jaun and Andreas Maurer on 7 august 1876 The north face of Les_Droites rises some 1,600 m from the Argentière basin at an average angle of 60 ° , and is the steepest face on the 10-km - long ridge that stretches from the Aiguille Verte to Mont Dolent . eos
has two summits : * West summit ( 3,984 m ) , first ascent by W A. B Coolidge , Christian Almer Sr and Christian Almer Jr on 16 july 1876 * East summit ( 4,000 m ) , first ascent by Thomas Middlemore and John Oakley Maund with guides Henri Cordier , Johann Jaun and Andreas Maurer on 7 august 1876 The north face of Les_Droites rises some 1,600 m from the Argentière basin at an average angle of 60 ° , and is the steepest face on the 10-km - long ridge that stretches from the Aiguille Verte to Mont Dolent . The first route to be made on it was via the central couloir on the north - east flank by Bobi Arsandaux and Jacques Lagarde on 31 july 1930 . eos
rises some 1,600 m from the Argentière basin at an average angle of 60 ° , and is the steepest face on the 10-km - long ridge that stretches from the Aiguille Verte to Mont Dolent . The first route to be made on it was via the central couloir on the north - east flank by Bobi Arsandaux and Jacques Lagarde on 31 july 1930 . eos
( in Nepal officially ल्होत्से , in China officially Lhozê ; Tibetan in Wylie transliteration : lho rtse ; Chinese : 洛子峰 , Pinyin : eos
is connected to Mount Everest via the South Col . In addition to the main summit at 8,516 metres above sea level , Lhotse Middle ( East ) is 8,414 metres and Lhotse Shar is 8,383 metres . Lhotse is located at the border between Tibet ( China ) and Nepal . eos
is located at the border between Tibet ( China ) and Nepal . eos
is a highly symmetrical stratovolcano on the southernmost part of the border between Chile and Bolivia . Licancabur is located just southwest of Laguna Verde in Bolivia and northwest of Juriques volcano . The summit crater is about 400 m wide and contains a 70 by 90 m crater lake which is ice - covered most of the year . eos
is located just southwest of Laguna Verde in Bolivia and northwest of Juriques volcano . The summit crater is about 400 m wide and contains a 70 by 90 m crater lake which is ice - covered most of the year . This is one of the highest lakes in the world , and despite air temperatures which can drop to -30 ° C , it contains planktonic fauna . eos
most recent volcanic activity produced extensive lava flows which extend 6 km down the northwest and southwest flanks , with older lava flows reaching 15 km and pyroclastic flow deposits as far as 12 km from the peak . Extensive Inca ruins are located at the summit , providing proof of pre - Columbian ascents as well as evidence for a lack of major eruptions over the past 500 - 1,000 years . Licancabur is a Cunza word that the indigenous people of this area used to refer to themselves as well as to Licancabur . eos
is a Cunza word that the indigenous people of this area used to refer to themselves as well as to Licancabur . eos
. eos
( 3230 m ) is a mountain in the Stubai Alps of Austria . eos
is a mountain located east of Habel Creek in the Canadian Rockies of Jasper National Park . Little_Alberta was named in 1984 after nearby Mount Alberta ( 3,619 m ( 11,873 ft ) ) . The ACC operates the Lloyd MacKay Hut on a rocky shoulder of Little_Alberta . eos
was named in 1984 after nearby Mount Alberta ( 3,619 m ( 11,873 ft ) ) . The ACC operates the Lloyd MacKay Hut on a rocky shoulder of Little_Alberta . eos
. eos
, or simply Little Bear , is one of the fourteeners of the US state of Colorado . Little_Bear_Peak lies at the southern end of the Sangre de Cristo Range , which is the northern section of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains . Little_Bear_Peak is just southwest of Blanca Peak , one of the highest and most topographically prominent of the Colorado fourteeners . eos
lies at the southern end of the Sangre de Cristo Range , which is the northern section of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains . Little_Bear_Peak is just southwest of Blanca Peak , one of the highest and most topographically prominent of the Colorado fourteeners . While Little_Bear_Peak has little more than the minimum 300 feet of prominence to qualify as a separate peak , Little_Bear_Peak is notable for being one of the most technically difficult and dangerous of the fourteeners to climb ; Little_Bear_Peak standard route is known for being exposed to rockfall . eos
is just southwest of Blanca Peak , one of the highest and most topographically prominent of the Colorado fourteeners . While Little_Bear_Peak has little more than the minimum 300 feet of prominence to qualify as a separate peak , Little_Bear_Peak is notable for being one of the most technically difficult and dangerous of the fourteeners to climb ; Little_Bear_Peak standard route is known for being exposed to rockfall . The connecting ridge to Blanca Peak is one of the most challenging outings of its type in the state . eos
has little more than the minimum 300 feet of prominence to qualify as a separate peak , Little_Bear_Peak is notable for being one of the most technically difficult and dangerous of the fourteeners to climb ; Little_Bear_Peak standard route is known for being exposed to rockfall . The connecting ridge to Blanca Peak is one of the most challenging outings of its type in the state . Little_Bear_Peak is located within the Rio Grande National Forest , and Little_Bear_Peak is on the border between Alamosa County and Costilla County . eos
is notable for being one of the most technically difficult and dangerous of the fourteeners to climb ; Little_Bear_Peak standard route is known for being exposed to rockfall . The connecting ridge to Blanca Peak is one of the most challenging outings of its type in the state . Little_Bear_Peak is located within the Rio Grande National Forest , and Little_Bear_Peak is on the border between Alamosa County and Costilla County . eos
standard route is known for being exposed to rockfall . The connecting ridge to Blanca Peak is one of the most challenging outings of its type in the state . Little_Bear_Peak is located within the Rio Grande National Forest , and Little_Bear_Peak is on the border between Alamosa County and Costilla County . eos
is located within the Rio Grande National Forest , and Little_Bear_Peak is on the border between Alamosa County and Costilla County . eos
is on the border between Alamosa County and Costilla County . eos
is a stratovolcano at the border of Argentina ( Salta Province ) and Chile . Llullaillaco lies in the Puna de Atacama , a region of very high volcanic peaks on a high plateau within the Atacama Desert , one of the driest places in the world . Llullaillaco is the second highest active volcano in the world , surpassed only by Ojos del Salado . eos
lies in the Puna de Atacama , a region of very high volcanic peaks on a high plateau within the Atacama Desert , one of the driest places in the world . Llullaillaco is the second highest active volcano in the world , surpassed only by Ojos del Salado . Llullaillaco is the fifth highest volcano in the world , and Llullaillaco is also the seventh highest mountain of the Western Hemisphere . eos
is the second highest active volcano in the world , surpassed only by Ojos del Salado . Llullaillaco is the fifth highest volcano in the world , and Llullaillaco is also the seventh highest mountain of the Western Hemisphere . Llullaillaco follows the typical Puna de Atacama volcano pattern : Llullaillaco is surrounded by large debris fields , and Llullaillaco is perpetually capped by snow and small glaciers despite the extremely dry conditions of the region . eos
is the fifth highest volcano in the world , and Llullaillaco is also the seventh highest mountain of the Western Hemisphere . Llullaillaco follows the typical Puna de Atacama volcano pattern : Llullaillaco is surrounded by large debris fields , and Llullaillaco is perpetually capped by snow and small glaciers despite the extremely dry conditions of the region . Llullaillaco name comes from Aymara ` ` murky water '' : llulla = dirty and yacu = water . eos
is also the seventh highest mountain of the Western Hemisphere . Llullaillaco follows the typical Puna de Atacama volcano pattern : Llullaillaco is surrounded by large debris fields , and Llullaillaco is perpetually capped by snow and small glaciers despite the extremely dry conditions of the region . Llullaillaco name comes from Aymara ` ` murky water '' : llulla = dirty and yacu = water . eos
follows the typical Puna de Atacama volcano pattern : Llullaillaco is surrounded by large debris fields , and Llullaillaco is perpetually capped by snow and small glaciers despite the extremely dry conditions of the region . Llullaillaco name comes from Aymara ` ` murky water '' : llulla = dirty and yacu = water . Other sources propose it to have originated from Quechua Lullac = lie , Yacu = water : ` ` lying ( or treacherous ) water '' . eos
is surrounded by large debris fields , and Llullaillaco is perpetually capped by snow and small glaciers despite the extremely dry conditions of the region . Llullaillaco name comes from Aymara ` ` murky water '' : llulla = dirty and yacu = water . Other sources propose it to have originated from Quechua Lullac = lie , Yacu = water : ` ` lying ( or treacherous ) water '' . eos
is perpetually capped by snow and small glaciers despite the extremely dry conditions of the region . Llullaillaco name comes from Aymara ` ` murky water '' : llulla = dirty and yacu = water . Other sources propose it to have originated from Quechua Lullac = lie , Yacu = water : ` ` lying ( or treacherous ) water '' . eos
name comes from Aymara ` ` murky water '' : llulla = dirty and yacu = water . Other sources propose it to have originated from Quechua Lullac = lie , Yacu = water : ` ` lying ( or treacherous ) water '' . It has been confirmed that Incas climbed Llullaillaco in the pre - Colombian period . eos
in the pre - Colombian period . Artifacts on the summit constitute the highest evidence of human presence worldwide before the late nineteenth century . Also , the huáqueros may have also reached Llullaillaco summit and those of other mountains in the region during their searches . eos
summit and those of other mountains in the region during their searches . eos
is the center of the Lone Peak Wilderness Area , which was established in 1978 . Lone_Peak , at 11,253 ' elevation , is one of the taller peaks in the Wasatch Range along the Wasatch Front and Lone_Peak tends to be a favorite hike . Lone_Peak consists almost entirely of quartz monzonite ( a granitoid , or granite - like ) rock of the 30.5 million year old Little Cottonwood Stock . eos
, at 11,253 ' elevation , is one of the taller peaks in the Wasatch Range along the Wasatch Front and Lone_Peak tends to be a favorite hike . Lone_Peak consists almost entirely of quartz monzonite ( a granitoid , or granite - like ) rock of the 30.5 million year old Little Cottonwood Stock . Quartzite and limestone are also found in distal locations on Lone_Peak . eos
tends to be a favorite hike . Lone_Peak consists almost entirely of quartz monzonite ( a granitoid , or granite - like ) rock of the 30.5 million year old Little Cottonwood Stock . Quartzite and limestone are also found in distal locations on Lone_Peak . eos
consists almost entirely of quartz monzonite ( a granitoid , or granite - like ) rock of the 30.5 million year old Little Cottonwood Stock . Quartzite and limestone are also found in distal locations on Lone_Peak . Lone_Peak is the 87th highest named mountain in Utah . eos
. Lone_Peak is the 87th highest named mountain in Utah . eos
is the 87th highest named mountain in Utah . eos
has an elevation of 1,838 metres above sea level . Loser_mountain is the most prominent landmark of the Ausseerland . Among the locals , Loser_mountain is also known as the Ausseer Ohrwaschl ( Aussee Ear ) because of Loser_mountain shape . eos
is the most prominent landmark of the Ausseerland . Among the locals , Loser_mountain is also known as the Ausseer Ohrwaschl ( Aussee Ear ) because of Loser_mountain shape . It is possible to almost reach the peak by car by using a toll road of nine km . eos
is also known as the Ausseer Ohrwaschl ( Aussee Ear ) because of Loser_mountain shape . It is possible to almost reach the peak by car by using a toll road of nine km . There is an extensive parking lot in front of the Loser Restaurant at an elevation of 1600 m , from where one can embark on various tours . eos
shape . It is possible to almost reach the peak by car by using a toll road of nine km . There is an extensive parking lot in front of the Loser Restaurant at an elevation of 1600 m , from where one can embark on various tours . eos
and spans about 1000 meters of elevation . During the descent , one passes a second gastronomic establishment , the Loserhütte at 1498 m. eos
is a hill in the central part of the English Lake District . Loughrigg_Fell stands on the end of the long ridge coming down from High Raise over Silver How towards Ambleside , and Loughrigg_Fell is separated from Loughrigg_Fell neighbours by the depression of Red Bank . eos
stands on the end of the long ridge coming down from High Raise over Silver How towards Ambleside , and Loughrigg_Fell is separated from Loughrigg_Fell neighbours by the depression of Red Bank . eos
is separated from Loughrigg_Fell neighbours by the depression of Red Bank . eos
neighbours by the depression of Red Bank . eos
( "" Irish : Log na Coille "" , meaning Hollow of the Wood ) is the highest mountain in Leinster and the 13 highest Irish peak . Lugnaquilla is the highest peak in the Wicklow Mountains in eastern Ireland , and Lugnaquilla is one of Ireland 's fourteen mountains over 3,000 ft , with an elevation of 925 m ( 3,035 ft ) . eos
is the highest peak in the Wicklow Mountains in eastern Ireland , and Lugnaquilla is one of Ireland 's fourteen mountains over 3,000 ft , with an elevation of 925 m ( 3,035 ft ) . Views , on a clear day extend east across the Irish Sea to the hills of the Llŷn Peninsula and mountains of Snowdonia in Wales . Lugnaquilla proximity to the capital , Dublin , ensures that Lugnaquilla is a frequently climbed mountain . eos
is one of Ireland 's fourteen mountains over 3,000 ft , with an elevation of 925 m ( 3,035 ft ) . Views , on a clear day extend east across the Irish Sea to the hills of the Llŷn Peninsula and mountains of Snowdonia in Wales . Lugnaquilla proximity to the capital , Dublin , ensures that Lugnaquilla is a frequently climbed mountain . eos
proximity to the capital , Dublin , ensures that Lugnaquilla is a frequently climbed mountain . The most popular approaches to Lugnaquilla , as Lugnaquilla is affectionately known , are via Glenmalure and the Glen of Imaal . Lugnaquilla is a bulky mountain , with a large plateau - type summit , bounded on two sides by steep glacial corries ( the North and South Prisons ) . eos
is a frequently climbed mountain . The most popular approaches to Lugnaquilla , as Lugnaquilla is affectionately known , are via Glenmalure and the Glen of Imaal . Lugnaquilla is a bulky mountain , with a large plateau - type summit , bounded on two sides by steep glacial corries ( the North and South Prisons ) . eos
, as Lugnaquilla is affectionately known , are via Glenmalure and the Glen of Imaal . Lugnaquilla is a bulky mountain , with a large plateau - type summit , bounded on two sides by steep glacial corries ( the North and South Prisons ) . eos
is affectionately known , are via Glenmalure and the Glen of Imaal . Lugnaquilla is a bulky mountain , with a large plateau - type summit , bounded on two sides by steep glacial corries ( the North and South Prisons ) . eos
is a bulky mountain , with a large plateau - type summit , bounded on two sides by steep glacial corries ( the North and South Prisons ) . eos
( or Liskamm ) ( 4,527 m ) is a mountain in the Alps lying on the border between Switzerland and Italy . Lyskamm consists of a five - kilometre - long ridge with two distinct peaks . The southern ( Italian ) face is somewhat rugged , and rises only a few hundred metres above the glacier below ( Ghiacciaio del Lis ) , while the northern ( Swiss ) side is an impressive 1100-metre ice - covered wall , rising up from the Gorner Glacier . eos
consists of a five - kilometre - long ridge with two distinct peaks . The southern ( Italian ) face is somewhat rugged , and rises only a few hundred metres above the glacier below ( Ghiacciaio del Lis ) , while the northern ( Swiss ) side is an impressive 1100-metre ice - covered wall , rising up from the Gorner Glacier . Lyskamm is often climbed as a traverse from the Felikjoch ( West ) , to the Listjoch ( East ) or vice versa . eos
is often climbed as a traverse from the Felikjoch ( West ) , to the Listjoch ( East ) or vice versa . The traverse consists mostly of a narrow , snow - covered ridge , with some scrambling over rocks . In good conditions , this route is fairly easy and objectively safe , however in bad snow conditions and/or bad visibility , the ridge can be challenging because of large , sometimes double , cornices , mainly on the southern side of the ridge . eos
or Machhaphuchhare is a mountain in the Annapurna Himal of north central Nepal . Machapuchare is revered as particularly sacred by the local population , and hence Machapuchare is off limits to climbing . eos
is revered as particularly sacred by the local population , and hence Machapuchare is off limits to climbing . eos
is off limits to climbing . eos
is a stratovolcano in the Andes , lying on the border between Argentina and Chile . Maipo_volcano is located 90 km ( 55 miles ) south of Tupungato and about 100 km ( 60 miles ) southeast of Santiago . Maipo_volcano retains a symmetrical , conical volcanic shape , unlike many of the other nearby peaks , making Maipo_volcano the best known peak in the region , though Maipo_volcano is not the highest . eos
is located 90 km ( 55 miles ) south of Tupungato and about 100 km ( 60 miles ) southeast of Santiago . Maipo_volcano retains a symmetrical , conical volcanic shape , unlike many of the other nearby peaks , making Maipo_volcano the best known peak in the region , though Maipo_volcano is not the highest . ( Nearby Castillo is 5,485 m high . ) eos
retains a symmetrical , conical volcanic shape , unlike many of the other nearby peaks , making Maipo_volcano the best known peak in the region , though Maipo_volcano is not the highest . ( Nearby Castillo is 5,485 m high . ) eos
the best known peak in the region , though Maipo_volcano is not the highest . ( Nearby Castillo is 5,485 m high . ) eos
is not the highest . ( Nearby Castillo is 5,485 m high . ) eos
( in Nepal officially मकालु ; in China officially Makaru ; Chinese : 马卡鲁山 , Pinyin : Mǎkǎlǔ Shān ) is the fifth highest mountain in the world and Makalu is located east of Mount Everest , on the border between Nepal and Tibet . Makalu is an isolated peak Makalu shape is a four - sided pyramid . Makalu has two notable subsidiary peaks . eos
is located east of Mount Everest , on the border between Nepal and Tibet . Makalu is an isolated peak Makalu shape is a four - sided pyramid . Makalu has two notable subsidiary peaks . eos
is an isolated peak Makalu shape is a four - sided pyramid . Makalu has two notable subsidiary peaks . Kangchungtse , or Makalu II , 7678 m , lies about 3 km ( 2 mi ) north - northwest of the main summit . eos
shape is a four - sided pyramid . Makalu has two notable subsidiary peaks . Kangchungtse , or Makalu II , 7678 m , lies about 3 km ( 2 mi ) north - northwest of the main summit . eos
has two notable subsidiary peaks . Kangchungtse , or Makalu II , 7678 m , lies about 3 km ( 2 mi ) north - northwest of the main summit . Rising about 5 km ( 3.5 mi ) north - northeast of the main summit across a broad plateau , and connected to Kangchungtse by a narrow , 7,200 m saddle , is Chomo Lonzo , 7804 m. eos
was made by an American team led by W Siri in the spring of 1954 . They attempted the southeast ridge but were turned back at 7,100 m ( 23,300 ft ) by a constant barrage of storms . A New Zealand team including Sir Edmund Hillary was also active in the spring , but did not get very high due to injury and illness . eos
while trying to make the first winter ascent . Makalu is one of the harder eight - thousanders , and Makalu is considered one of the most difficult mountains in the world to climb . Makalu is notorious for Makalu steep pitches and knife - edged ridges that are completely open to the elements . eos
is one of the harder eight - thousanders , and Makalu is considered one of the most difficult mountains in the world to climb . Makalu is notorious for Makalu steep pitches and knife - edged ridges that are completely open to the elements . The final ascent of the summit pyramid involves technical rock climbing . eos
is considered one of the most difficult mountains in the world to climb . Makalu is notorious for Makalu steep pitches and knife - edged ridges that are completely open to the elements . The final ascent of the summit pyramid involves technical rock climbing . eos
is notorious for Makalu steep pitches and knife - edged ridges that are completely open to the elements . The final ascent of the summit pyramid involves technical rock climbing . Makalu is the only Nepalese 8,000 m peak which has yet to be climbed in true winter conditions . eos
steep pitches and knife - edged ridges that are completely open to the elements . The final ascent of the summit pyramid involves technical rock climbing . Makalu is the only Nepalese 8,000 m peak which has yet to be climbed in true winter conditions . eos
is the only Nepalese 8,000 m peak which has yet to be climbed in true winter conditions . eos
is a scenic peak in the Hazara region of the Himalayas in northern Pakistan . Makra_Peak is 3,586 m / 11,655 feet high and almost 200 km from Islamabad on Naran road . From Kiwai a jeep track goes upwards to Shogran , a tourist place , the track goes upward to Payee Lake and ends at Seree . eos
is 3,586 m / 11,655 feet high and almost 200 km from Islamabad on Naran road . From Kiwai a jeep track goes upwards to Shogran , a tourist place , the track goes upward to Payee Lake and ends at Seree . From here it is a walking trek of three hours to the top of Makra_Peak . eos
. Although Makra_Peak is an easy peak deaths have occurred in storms . In spite of the difficulties , the top offers the unforgettable scenery of Hazara and Azad Kashmir . eos
is an easy peak deaths have occurred in storms . In spite of the difficulties , the top offers the unforgettable scenery of Hazara and Azad Kashmir . Waters of Makra_Peak glacier feed the Kunhar River . eos
glacier feed the Kunhar River . eos
is a 517 m ( 1696 ft ) high peak near Castleton in the High Peak of Derbyshire , England . Mam_Tor name literally translates as Heights of the Mother and Mam_Tor is also known as the Shivering Mountain on account of the instability of Mam_Tor lower shale layers . Indeed , in 1979 the continual battle to maintain the A625 road ( Sheffield to Chapel en le Frith ) on the crumbling southern side of Mam_Tor was lost when the road officially closed as a through - route . eos
name literally translates as Heights of the Mother and Mam_Tor is also known as the Shivering Mountain on account of the instability of Mam_Tor lower shale layers . Indeed , in 1979 the continual battle to maintain the A625 road ( Sheffield to Chapel en le Frith ) on the crumbling southern side of Mam_Tor was lost when the road officially closed as a through - route . The summit of Mam_Tor is encircled by a late Bronze Age and early Iron Age hill fort . eos
is also known as the Shivering Mountain on account of the instability of Mam_Tor lower shale layers . Indeed , in 1979 the continual battle to maintain the A625 road ( Sheffield to Chapel en le Frith ) on the crumbling southern side of Mam_Tor was lost when the road officially closed as a through - route . The summit of Mam_Tor is encircled by a late Bronze Age and early Iron Age hill fort . eos
lower shale layers . Indeed , in 1979 the continual battle to maintain the A625 road ( Sheffield to Chapel en le Frith ) on the crumbling southern side of Mam_Tor was lost when the road officially closed as a through - route . The summit of Mam_Tor is encircled by a late Bronze Age and early Iron Age hill fort . eos
was lost when the road officially closed as a through - route . The summit of Mam_Tor is encircled by a late Bronze Age and early Iron Age hill fort . Radiocarbon analysis suggests occupation from around 1200 BC . eos
is encircled by a late Bronze Age and early Iron Age hill fort . Radiocarbon analysis suggests occupation from around 1200 BC . The earliest remaining features are two Bronze Age burial mounds , one just below the summit and the other on the summit itself . eos
near the summit , allowing inhabited timber huts to be constructed . At the base of Mam_Tor and nearby are three show caves : Speedwell Cavern , Blue John Cavern and Treak Cliff Cavern where lead , Blue John and other minerals were once mined . Mam_Tor sits near the top of Winnats Pass ( a steep and narrow limestone gorge ) , Mam_Tor forms the eastern end of Rushup Edge , and Mam_Tor dominates the western end of the ` ` Great Ridge '' , one of the most famous , beautiful , and easy - to - reach ridgewalks in the Peak District . eos
and nearby are three show caves : Speedwell Cavern , Blue John Cavern and Treak Cliff Cavern where lead , Blue John and other minerals were once mined . Mam_Tor sits near the top of Winnats Pass ( a steep and narrow limestone gorge ) , Mam_Tor forms the eastern end of Rushup Edge , and Mam_Tor dominates the western end of the ` ` Great Ridge '' , one of the most famous , beautiful , and easy - to - reach ridgewalks in the Peak District . The Ridge separates the two arms of the Hope Valley : the valley of the River Noe ( Edale ) to the north , and the Peakshole Water ( Castleton ) to the south . eos
forms the eastern end of Rushup Edge , and Mam_Tor dominates the western end of the ` ` Great Ridge '' , one of the most famous , beautiful , and easy - to - reach ridgewalks in the Peak District . The Ridge separates the two arms of the Hope Valley : the valley of the River Noe ( Edale ) to the north , and the Peakshole Water ( Castleton ) to the south . Starting at the western end , the walker leaves the summit of Mam_Tor , passes the remains of the fort 's earthworks , dips into the saddle of Hollins Cross , climbs to Back Tor , then dips and climbs again to the conical peak of Lose Hill at the eastern end of the Ridge . eos
dominates the western end of the ` ` Great Ridge '' , one of the most famous , beautiful , and easy - to - reach ridgewalks in the Peak District . The Ridge separates the two arms of the Hope Valley : the valley of the River Noe ( Edale ) to the north , and the Peakshole Water ( Castleton ) to the south . Starting at the western end , the walker leaves the summit of Mam_Tor , passes the remains of the fort 's earthworks , dips into the saddle of Hollins Cross , climbs to Back Tor , then dips and climbs again to the conical peak of Lose Hill at the eastern end of the Ridge . eos
sits near the top of Winnats Pass ( a steep and narrow limestone gorge ) , Mam_Tor forms the eastern end of Rushup Edge , and Mam_Tor dominates the western end of the ` ` Great Ridge '' , one of the most famous , beautiful , and easy - to - reach ridgewalks in the Peak District . The Ridge separates the two arms of the Hope Valley : the valley of the River Noe ( Edale ) to the north , and the Peakshole Water ( Castleton ) to the south . Starting at the western end , the walker leaves the summit of Mam_Tor , passes the remains of the fort 's earthworks , dips into the saddle of Hollins Cross , climbs to Back Tor , then dips and climbs again to the conical peak of Lose Hill at the eastern end of the Ridge . eos
, passes the remains of the fort 's earthworks , dips into the saddle of Hollins Cross , climbs to Back Tor , then dips and climbs again to the conical peak of Lose Hill at the eastern end of the Ridge . In the other direction , walkers who have climbed Lose Hill from Hope railway station see Mam_Tor as a dramatic target for an easy one - hour walk with beautiful views on either side . A common target for walkers from Edale or Castleton is the dip of Hollins Cross , the meeting place of many paths visible from the valley bottoms on both sides . eos
as a dramatic target for an easy one - hour walk with beautiful views on either side . A common target for walkers from Edale or Castleton is the dip of Hollins Cross , the meeting place of many paths visible from the valley bottoms on both sides . Other walkers take the longer route past the show caves ( ie via Winnats Pass or the old A - road ) or Barber Booth . eos
is a large lava dome complex Mammoth_Mountain lies to the west of the town of Mammoth Lakes , California in the Inyo National Forest . Mammoth_Mountain is home to the Mammoth Mountain Ski Area which is notable in that it gets an unusually large amount of snow compared to other Eastern Sierra peaks , due to Mammoth_Mountain lying in a low gap in the Sierra crest . In the summer months the ski gondolas are used by mountain bikers and tourists who wish to get a spectacular summit view of Long Valley Caldera directly to the east and Sierra peaks to the west , south and north . eos
lies to the west of the town of Mammoth Lakes , California in the Inyo National Forest . Mammoth_Mountain is home to the Mammoth Mountain Ski Area which is notable in that it gets an unusually large amount of snow compared to other Eastern Sierra peaks , due to Mammoth_Mountain lying in a low gap in the Sierra crest . In the summer months the ski gondolas are used by mountain bikers and tourists who wish to get a spectacular summit view of Long Valley Caldera directly to the east and Sierra peaks to the west , south and north . eos
is home to the Mammoth Mountain Ski Area which is notable in that it gets an unusually large amount of snow compared to other Eastern Sierra peaks , due to Mammoth_Mountain lying in a low gap in the Sierra crest . In the summer months the ski gondolas are used by mountain bikers and tourists who wish to get a spectacular summit view of Long Valley Caldera directly to the east and Sierra peaks to the west , south and north . eos
lying in a low gap in the Sierra crest . In the summer months the ski gondolas are used by mountain bikers and tourists who wish to get a spectacular summit view of Long Valley Caldera directly to the east and Sierra peaks to the west , south and north . eos
or Mamostang Kangri is the highest peak in the remote Rimo Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range in India near the disputed border with Pakistan . Mamostong_Kangri is located about 30 km east - southeast of the snout of the Siachen Glacier . Mamostong_Kangri is the 48th highest independent peak in the world ( using a 500 m prominence cutoff ) . eos
is located about 30 km east - southeast of the snout of the Siachen Glacier . Mamostong_Kangri is the 48th highest independent peak in the world ( using a 500 m prominence cutoff ) . The South Chong Kumdan Glacier , Kichik Kumdan eos
is the 48th highest independent peak in the world ( using a 500 m prominence cutoff ) . The South Chong Kumdan Glacier , Kichik Kumdan ( Thangman ) , Mamostong , and South Terong Glaciers all head on the slopes of Mamostong_Kangri . eos
. Mamostong_Kangri has not seen a great deal of visitation due to Mamostong_Kangri remote location and the unsettled political and military situation in the region . The first European exploration of Mamostong_Kangri was in 1907 by Arthur Neve and D G. Oliver . eos
has not seen a great deal of visitation due to Mamostong_Kangri remote location and the unsettled political and military situation in the region . The first European exploration of Mamostong_Kangri was in 1907 by Arthur Neve and D G. Oliver . The first ascent was made in 1984 by an Indo - Japanese expedition , via the Northeast Ridge , after a complicated approach . eos
remote location and the unsettled political and military situation in the region . The first European exploration of Mamostong_Kangri was in 1907 by Arthur Neve and D G. Oliver . The first ascent was made in 1984 by an Indo - Japanese expedition , via the Northeast Ridge , after a complicated approach . eos
was in 1907 by Arthur Neve and D G. Oliver . The first ascent was made in 1984 by an Indo - Japanese expedition , via the Northeast Ridge , after a complicated approach . The summit party comprised N Yamada , K Yoshida , R Sharma , P Das , and H Chauhan . eos
; however two of these listings may be for the same climb . eos
is a mountain located on the west coast of the Canadian island of Newfoundland in the Long Range Mountains . Marble_Mountain_Newfoundland is a series of steep ridges forming part of the southern side of the Humber River valley . The highest point of Marble_Mountain_Newfoundland is ` ` Mount Musgrave '' ( 540 m , 48 ° 55 ' 49N , 57 ° 50 ' 03W ) at Steady Brook , approximately 7 kilometres east of Corner Brook . eos
is a series of steep ridges forming part of the southern side of the Humber River valley . The highest point of Marble_Mountain_Newfoundland is ` ` Mount Musgrave '' ( 540 m , 48 ° 55 ' 49N , 57 ° 50 ' 03W ) at Steady Brook , approximately 7 kilometres east of Corner Brook . The peak is named in honour of Sir Anthony Musgrave , a colonial governor of Newfoundland . eos
is ` ` Mount Musgrave '' ( 540 m , 48 ° 55 ' 49N , 57 ° 50 ' 03W ) at Steady Brook , approximately 7 kilometres east of Corner Brook . The peak is named in honour of Sir Anthony Musgrave , a colonial governor of Newfoundland . Marble_Mountain_Newfoundland is the site of the largest alpine ski resort in Atlantic Canada , and Marble_Mountain_Newfoundland hosts Environment Canada 's doppler weather radar station ` ` XME '' . eos
is the site of the largest alpine ski resort in Atlantic Canada , and Marble_Mountain_Newfoundland hosts Environment Canada 's doppler weather radar station ` ` XME '' . The Marble Mountain Ski Resort is known to have some of the best skiing east of the Rockies with an average of 5 metres ( 16.5 feet ) of snow each year , compared to Mont Tremblant 's 3.65 metres ( 12 feet ) . The resort was a key venue for the 1999 Canada Winter Games hosted by Corner Brook . eos
hosts Environment Canada 's doppler weather radar station ` ` XME '' . The Marble Mountain Ski Resort is known to have some of the best skiing east of the Rockies with an average of 5 metres ( 16.5 feet ) of snow each year , compared to Mont Tremblant 's 3.65 metres ( 12 feet ) . The resort was a key venue for the 1999 Canada Winter Games hosted by Corner Brook . eos
boasts the only detachable high speed quad lift in Atlantic Canada , the Governor 's Express . It is 1660 m in length and has a ride time of approximately 8 minutes . eos
( the Italian name ; also Ladin : Marmoleda , German : Marmolata ) is a mountain in northeastern Italy ( just east of Trento ) and the highest mountain of the Dolomites ( a section of the Alps ) . Marmolada consists of a ridge running west to east . eos
consists of a ridge running west to east . Towards the south Marmolada breaks suddenly into sheer cliffs , forming a rock face several kilometres long . On the north side there is a comparatively flat glacier , the only large glacier in the Dolomites ( the Marmolada Glacier , Ghiacciaio della Marmolada ) . eos
breaks suddenly into sheer cliffs , forming a rock face several kilometres long . On the north side there is a comparatively flat glacier , the only large glacier in the Dolomites ( the Marmolada Glacier , Ghiacciaio della Marmolada ) . The ridge is composed of several summits , decreasing in altitude from west to east : Punta Penia ( 3,343 m ) , Punta Rocca ( 3,309 m ) , Punta Ombretta ( 3,230 m ) , Monte Serauta ( 3,069 m ) , and Pizzo Serauta ( 3,035 m ) . eos
, so Marmolada formed part of the front line . Austrian soldiers were quartered in deep tunnels bored into the northern face 's glacier , and Italian soldiers were quartered on the south face 's rocky precipices . As glaciers retreat , soldiers ' remains and belongings are occasionally discovered . eos
formed part of the front line . Austrian soldiers were quartered in deep tunnels bored into the northern face 's glacier , and Italian soldiers were quartered on the south face 's rocky precipices . As glaciers retreat , soldiers ' remains and belongings are occasionally discovered . eos
is a mountain in the Elk Mountains that consists of two peaks , South Maroon Peak and North Maroon Peak , separated by about a third of a mile . Maroon_Bells is on the border between Pitkin County and Gunnison County , Colorado , United States , about 12 miles southwest of Aspen , Colorado . Both peaks are counted as fourteeners . eos
is on the border between Pitkin County and Gunnison County , Colorado , United States , about 12 miles southwest of Aspen , Colorado . Both peaks are counted as fourteeners . Maroon Peak , at 14,156 feet , is the 27th highest peak in Colorado ; North Maroon Peak , at 14,014 feet , is the 50th highest . eos
from the Maroon Creek valley to the northeast is one of the most famous scenes in Colorado , and is reputed to be the ` ` most - photographed spot in Colorado '' and one of Colorado 's premier scenic overlooks . Maroon Lake ( 9,580 ' ) provides one of the most memorable scenes in the Rockies . The lake occupies a basin that was sculpted by Ice - Age glaciers and later dammed by landslide and rockfall debris from the steep slopes above the valley floor . eos
is a large basaltic volcanic caldera located 20 km south of Managua , Nicaragua , Central America and Masaya is Nicaragua 's first and largest National Park , Masaya is one of 78 protected areas of Nicaragua . The volcanic complex is composed of a nested set of calderas and craters , the largest of which is Las Sierras shield volcano and caldera . eos
is Nicaragua 's first and largest National Park , Masaya is one of 78 protected areas of Nicaragua . The volcanic complex is composed of a nested set of calderas and craters , the largest of which is Las Sierras shield volcano and caldera . eos
is one of 78 protected areas of Nicaragua . The volcanic complex is composed of a nested set of calderas and craters , the largest of which is Las Sierras shield volcano and caldera . eos
sensu stricto , a shallow shield volcano composed of basaltic lavas and tephras . This hosts Masaya caldera , formed 2500 years ago by an 8 cu km basaltic ignimbrite eruption . Inside this caldera a new basaltic complex has grown from eruptions mainly on a semi - circular set of vents that include the Masaya and Nindiri cones . eos
, Santiago , Nindiri and San Pedro . Observations in the walls of the pit craters indicate that there have been several episodes of cone and pit crater formation . The floor of Masaya caldera is mainly covered by poorly vegetated aa lava , indicating resurfacing within the past 1000 or so years , but only two lava flows have erupted since the sixteenth century . eos
continually emits large amounts of sulfur dioxide gas ( from the active Santiago crater ) and volcanologists study this ( amongst other signs ) to better understand the behavior of Masaya and also evaluate the impact of acid rain and the potential for health problems . Other eruptive events have occurred in the last 50 years . On november 22 , 1999 , Masaya appears to have begun a new eruptive event . eos
and also evaluate the impact of acid rain and the potential for health problems . Other eruptive events have occurred in the last 50 years . On november 22 , 1999 , Masaya appears to have begun a new eruptive event . eos
appears to have begun a new eruptive event . A hot spot appeared on satellite imagery , and there was a possible explosion . On april 23 , 2001 the crater exploded and formed a new vent in the bottom of the crater . eos
. The plume rose to a height of ~ 4.6 km .1 Masaya is located in the department of Masaya . eos
is located in the department of Masaya . eos
( also known as K1 ) is the 22nd highest mountain in the world and the 11th highest in Pakistan ( according to the Indian government , Masherbrum is in India and the 11th highest in India ) . Masherbrum is the highest peak of the Masherbrum range , a subrange of the Karakoram mountains . Masherbrum is a large and striking peak , Masherbrum is somewhat overshadowed by the nearby 8000 m peaks of the main range of the Karakoram which includes four of the fourteen Eight - thousanders , namely K2 , Gasherbrum I , Broad Peak and Gasherbrum II . eos
is in India and the 11th highest in India ) . Masherbrum is the highest peak of the Masherbrum range , a subrange of the Karakoram mountains . Masherbrum is a large and striking peak , Masherbrum is somewhat overshadowed by the nearby 8000 m peaks of the main range of the Karakoram which includes four of the fourteen Eight - thousanders , namely K2 , Gasherbrum I , Broad Peak and Gasherbrum II . eos
is the highest peak of the Masherbrum range , a subrange of the Karakoram mountains . Masherbrum is a large and striking peak , Masherbrum is somewhat overshadowed by the nearby 8000 m peaks of the main range of the Karakoram which includes four of the fourteen Eight - thousanders , namely K2 , Gasherbrum I , Broad Peak and Gasherbrum II . The meaning of the name ` ` Masherbrum '' is not entirely clear . eos
is a large and striking peak , Masherbrum is somewhat overshadowed by the nearby 8000 m peaks of the main range of the Karakoram which includes four of the fourteen Eight - thousanders , namely K2 , Gasherbrum I , Broad Peak and Gasherbrum II . The meaning of the name ` ` Masherbrum '' is not entirely clear . It may come from mashadar ( muzzle - loading gun ) plus brum ( mountain ) , from the resemblance of the double summit to an old muzzle - loader . eos
is somewhat overshadowed by the nearby 8000 m peaks of the main range of the Karakoram which includes four of the fourteen Eight - thousanders , namely K2 , Gasherbrum I , Broad Peak and Gasherbrum II . The meaning of the name ` ` Masherbrum '' is not entirely clear . It may come from mashadar ( muzzle - loading gun ) plus brum ( mountain ) , from the resemblance of the double summit to an old muzzle - loader . eos
, also known as Matlalcuéyetl , Matlalcueitl or Malintzin , is an active volcano ( although dormant for last 3,100 years ) located in Tlaxcala and Puebla states , in Mexico . Officially , Matlalcueitl_volcano summit reaches 4,461 meters ( 14646 ft ) above sea level , though in some articles is considered to be 4,503 m with GPS . Matlalcueitl_volcano height puts Matlalcueitl_volcano as the highest Tlaxcalan peak , the third in Puebla and the fifth in the country . eos
summit reaches 4,461 meters ( 14646 ft ) above sea level , though in some articles is considered to be 4,503 m with GPS . Matlalcueitl_volcano height puts Matlalcueitl_volcano as the highest Tlaxcalan peak , the third in Puebla and the fifth in the country . Matlalcueitl_volcano is the 252nd highest mountain in the world . eos
height puts Matlalcueitl_volcano as the highest Tlaxcalan peak , the third in Puebla and the fifth in the country . Matlalcueitl_volcano is the 252nd highest mountain in the world . Matlalcueitl_volcano prominence or height above the valleys surrounding Matlalcueitl_volcano varies from 1,908 meters above Huamantla city , in Tlaxcala , to 2461 meters above the Villa Vicente Guerrero town , being Matlalcueitl_volcano height 2,221 meters above Tlaxcala city and 2,299 meters above Puebla city . eos
as the highest Tlaxcalan peak , the third in Puebla and the fifth in the country . Matlalcueitl_volcano is the 252nd highest mountain in the world . Matlalcueitl_volcano prominence or height above the valleys surrounding Matlalcueitl_volcano varies from 1,908 meters above Huamantla city , in Tlaxcala , to 2461 meters above the Villa Vicente Guerrero town , being Matlalcueitl_volcano height 2,221 meters above Tlaxcala city and 2,299 meters above Puebla city . eos
is the 252nd highest mountain in the world . Matlalcueitl_volcano prominence or height above the valleys surrounding Matlalcueitl_volcano varies from 1,908 meters above Huamantla city , in Tlaxcala , to 2461 meters above the Villa Vicente Guerrero town , being Matlalcueitl_volcano height 2,221 meters above Tlaxcala city and 2,299 meters above Puebla city . The distance from this big towns to the La Malinche ' summit is 22.4 kilometers and 28.3 km , respectively , and 118 km from Mexico City . eos
prominence or height above the valleys surrounding Matlalcueitl_volcano varies from 1,908 meters above Huamantla city , in Tlaxcala , to 2461 meters above the Villa Vicente Guerrero town , being Matlalcueitl_volcano height 2,221 meters above Tlaxcala city and 2,299 meters above Puebla city . The distance from this big towns to the La Malinche ' summit is 22.4 kilometers and 28.3 km , respectively , and 118 km from Mexico City . Matlalcueitl_volcano climate is cold on the summit and mild on Matlalcueitl_volcano hillsides . eos
varies from 1,908 meters above Huamantla city , in Tlaxcala , to 2461 meters above the Villa Vicente Guerrero town , being Matlalcueitl_volcano height 2,221 meters above Tlaxcala city and 2,299 meters above Puebla city . The distance from this big towns to the La Malinche ' summit is 22.4 kilometers and 28.3 km , respectively , and 118 km from Mexico City . Matlalcueitl_volcano climate is cold on the summit and mild on Matlalcueitl_volcano hillsides . eos
height 2,221 meters above Tlaxcala city and 2,299 meters above Puebla city . The distance from this big towns to the La Malinche ' summit is 22.4 kilometers and 28.3 km , respectively , and 118 km from Mexico City . Matlalcueitl_volcano climate is cold on the summit and mild on Matlalcueitl_volcano hillsides . eos
hillsides . The Tlaxcaltecs named Matlalcueitl_volcano Matlalcuéyetl , which in English means ` ` Lady of the Blue Skirts , '' a wizard goddess . The Spanish changed Matlalcueitl_volcano name to ` ` Malintzin '' and/or ` ` Malinche '' , in honor of a woman from the current Tabasco state , called Malinalli , who helped the Spanish as a translator . eos
climate is cold on the summit and mild on Matlalcueitl_volcano hillsides . The Tlaxcaltecs named Matlalcueitl_volcano Matlalcuéyetl , which in English means ` ` Lady of the Blue Skirts , '' a wizard goddess . The Spanish changed Matlalcueitl_volcano name to ` ` Malintzin '' and/or ` ` Malinche '' , in honor of a woman from the current Tabasco state , called Malinalli , who helped the Spanish as a translator . eos
Matlalcuéyetl , which in English means ` ` Lady of the Blue Skirts , '' a wizard goddess . The Spanish changed Matlalcueitl_volcano name to ` ` Malintzin '' and/or ` ` Malinche '' , in honor of a woman from the current Tabasco state , called Malinalli , who helped the Spanish as a translator . eos
name to ` ` Malintzin '' and/or ` ` Malinche '' , in honor of a woman from the current Tabasco state , called Malinalli , who helped the Spanish as a translator . eos
( German ) or Cervino ( Italian ) , ( French : Mont Cervin or Le Cervin ) is perhaps the most familiar mountain in the European Alps . On the border between Switzerland and Italy , Matterhorn towers over the Swiss village of Zermatt and the Italian village Breuil - Cervinia in the Val Tournanche . eos
towers over the Swiss village of Zermatt and the Italian village Breuil - Cervinia in the Val Tournanche . Matterhorn derives Matterhorn name from the German words Matte , meaning meadow , and Horn , which means peak . Matterhorn has four faces , facing the four compass points , the north face overlooking the Zmutt Valley , the south face Breuil - Cervinia , the east and west faces looking towards the Gornergrat and the Dent d'Hérens , respectively , with the north and south faces meeting to form a short east - west summit ridge . eos
derives Matterhorn name from the German words Matte , meaning meadow , and Horn , which means peak . Matterhorn has four faces , facing the four compass points , the north face overlooking the Zmutt Valley , the south face Breuil - Cervinia , the east and west faces looking towards the Gornergrat and the Dent d'Hérens , respectively , with the north and south faces meeting to form a short east - west summit ridge . The faces are steep , and only small patches of snow and ice cling to them ; regular avalanches send the snow down to accumulate on the glaciers at the base of each face . eos
name from the German words Matte , meaning meadow , and Horn , which means peak . Matterhorn has four faces , facing the four compass points , the north face overlooking the Zmutt Valley , the south face Breuil - Cervinia , the east and west faces looking towards the Gornergrat and the Dent d'Hérens , respectively , with the north and south faces meeting to form a short east - west summit ridge . The faces are steep , and only small patches of snow and ice cling to them ; regular avalanches send the snow down to accumulate on the glaciers at the base of each face . eos
has four faces , facing the four compass points , the north face overlooking the Zmutt Valley , the south face Breuil - Cervinia , the east and west faces looking towards the Gornergrat and the Dent d'Hérens , respectively , with the north and south faces meeting to form a short east - west summit ridge . The faces are steep , and only small patches of snow and ice cling to them ; regular avalanches send the snow down to accumulate on the glaciers at the base of each face . The Hörnli ridge of the northeast ( in the center of the view from Zermatt ) is the usual climbing route . eos
is a dormant volcano in the Hawaiian Islands , one of five volcanoes which together form the island of Hawai'i . Pu'u Wekiu , one of numerous cinder cones on the summit plateau , is the highest point in the state of Hawaii at 13,796 feet ( 4,205 m ) . Mauna_Kea is the tallest mountain in the world when measured from base to summit , since Mauna_Kea base is located on the seafloor about beneath the surface of the Pacific Ocean , bringing Mauna_Kea total height to well over 33000 ft . eos
is the tallest mountain in the world when measured from base to summit , since Mauna_Kea base is located on the seafloor about beneath the surface of the Pacific Ocean , bringing Mauna_Kea total height to well over 33000 ft . In the Hawaiian language , mauna kea means ` ` white mountain '' , a reference to Mauna_Kea summit being regularly snow - capped during the Northern Hemisphere winter . eos
base is located on the seafloor about beneath the surface of the Pacific Ocean , bringing Mauna_Kea total height to well over 33000 ft . In the Hawaiian language , mauna kea means ` ` white mountain '' , a reference to Mauna_Kea summit being regularly snow - capped during the Northern Hemisphere winter . eos
total height to well over 33000 ft . In the Hawaiian language , mauna kea means ` ` white mountain '' , a reference to Mauna_Kea summit being regularly snow - capped during the Northern Hemisphere winter . eos
summit being regularly snow - capped during the Northern Hemisphere winter . eos
is the largest volcano on earth . Mauna_Loa is an active shield volcano , with a volume estimated at approximately 18,000 cubic miles ( 75,000 km ³ ) , although Mauna_Loa peak is about 120 feet ( 37 m ) lower than that of Mauna_Loa neighbor , Mauna Kea , another of five volcanoes that form the Island of Hawaii . The Hawaiian name ` ` Mauna Loa '' means ` ` Long Mountain '' . eos
is an active shield volcano , with a volume estimated at approximately 18,000 cubic miles ( 75,000 km ³ ) , although Mauna_Loa peak is about 120 feet ( 37 m ) lower than that of Mauna_Loa neighbor , Mauna Kea , another of five volcanoes that form the Island of Hawaii . The Hawaiian name ` ` Mauna Loa '' means ` ` Long Mountain '' . Lava eruptions from Mauna_Loa are silica - poor , thus very fluid : and as a result eruptions tend to be non - explosive and Mauna_Loa has extremely shallow slopes . eos
peak is about 120 feet ( 37 m ) lower than that of Mauna_Loa neighbor , Mauna Kea , another of five volcanoes that form the Island of Hawaii . The Hawaiian name ` ` Mauna Loa '' means ` ` Long Mountain '' . Lava eruptions from Mauna_Loa are silica - poor , thus very fluid : and as a result eruptions tend to be non - explosive and Mauna_Loa has extremely shallow slopes . eos
neighbor , Mauna Kea , another of five volcanoes that form the Island of Hawaii . The Hawaiian name ` ` Mauna Loa '' means ` ` Long Mountain '' . Lava eruptions from Mauna_Loa are silica - poor , thus very fluid : and as a result eruptions tend to be non - explosive and Mauna_Loa has extremely shallow slopes . eos
are silica - poor , thus very fluid : and as a result eruptions tend to be non - explosive and Mauna_Loa has extremely shallow slopes . Mauna_Loa has probably been erupting for at least 700,000 years and Mauna_Loa may have emerged above sea level about 400,000 years ago , although the oldest - known dated rocks do not extend beyond 200,000 years . Mauna_Loa magma comes from the Hawaii hotspot , which has been responsible for the creation of the Hawaiian island chain for tens of millions of years . eos
has extremely shallow slopes . Mauna_Loa has probably been erupting for at least 700,000 years and Mauna_Loa may have emerged above sea level about 400,000 years ago , although the oldest - known dated rocks do not extend beyond 200,000 years . Mauna_Loa magma comes from the Hawaii hotspot , which has been responsible for the creation of the Hawaiian island chain for tens of millions of years . eos
has probably been erupting for at least 700,000 years and Mauna_Loa may have emerged above sea level about 400,000 years ago , although the oldest - known dated rocks do not extend beyond 200,000 years . Mauna_Loa magma comes from the Hawaii hotspot , which has been responsible for the creation of the Hawaiian island chain for tens of millions of years . The slow drift of the Pacific Plate will eventually carry Mauna_Loa away from the hotspot , and Mauna_Loa will thus become extinct within 500,000 to one million years from now . eos
may have emerged above sea level about 400,000 years ago , although the oldest - known dated rocks do not extend beyond 200,000 years . Mauna_Loa magma comes from the Hawaii hotspot , which has been responsible for the creation of the Hawaiian island chain for tens of millions of years . The slow drift of the Pacific Plate will eventually carry Mauna_Loa away from the hotspot , and Mauna_Loa will thus become extinct within 500,000 to one million years from now . eos
magma comes from the Hawaii hotspot , which has been responsible for the creation of the Hawaiian island chain for tens of millions of years . The slow drift of the Pacific Plate will eventually carry Mauna_Loa away from the hotspot , and Mauna_Loa will thus become extinct within 500,000 to one million years from now . Mauna_Loa most recent eruption occurred from march 24 1984 , to april 15 1984 . eos
away from the hotspot , and Mauna_Loa will thus become extinct within 500,000 to one million years from now . Mauna_Loa most recent eruption occurred from march 24 1984 , to april 15 1984 . No recent eruptions of Mauna_Loa have caused fatalities , but eruptions in 1926 and 1950 destroyed villages , and the city of Hilo is partly built on lava flows from the late nineteenth century . eos
will thus become extinct within 500,000 to one million years from now . Mauna_Loa most recent eruption occurred from march 24 1984 , to april 15 1984 . No recent eruptions of Mauna_Loa have caused fatalities , but eruptions in 1926 and 1950 destroyed villages , and the city of Hilo is partly built on lava flows from the late nineteenth century . eos
most recent eruption occurred from march 24 1984 , to april 15 1984 . No recent eruptions of Mauna_Loa have caused fatalities , but eruptions in 1926 and 1950 destroyed villages , and the city of Hilo is partly built on lava flows from the late nineteenth century . In view of the hazards Mauna_Loa poses to population centers , Mauna_Loa is part of the Decade Volcanoes program , which encourages studies of the most dangerous volcanoes . eos
have caused fatalities , but eruptions in 1926 and 1950 destroyed villages , and the city of Hilo is partly built on lava flows from the late nineteenth century . In view of the hazards Mauna_Loa poses to population centers , Mauna_Loa is part of the Decade Volcanoes program , which encourages studies of the most dangerous volcanoes . Mauna_Loa has been intensively monitored by the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory ( HVO ) since 1912 . eos
poses to population centers , Mauna_Loa is part of the Decade Volcanoes program , which encourages studies of the most dangerous volcanoes . Mauna_Loa has been intensively monitored by the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory ( HVO ) since 1912 . Observations of the atmosphere are undertaken at the Mauna Loa Observatory , and of the Sun at the Mauna Loa Solar Observatory , both located near Mauna_Loa summit . eos
is part of the Decade Volcanoes program , which encourages studies of the most dangerous volcanoes . Mauna_Loa has been intensively monitored by the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory ( HVO ) since 1912 . Observations of the atmosphere are undertaken at the Mauna Loa Observatory , and of the Sun at the Mauna Loa Solar Observatory , both located near Mauna_Loa summit . eos
has been intensively monitored by the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory ( HVO ) since 1912 . Observations of the atmosphere are undertaken at the Mauna Loa Observatory , and of the Sun at the Mauna Loa Solar Observatory , both located near Mauna_Loa summit . Hawaii Volcanoes National Park covers the summit and the southeastern flank of Mauna_Loa , including a separate volcano , Kilauea . eos
summit . Hawaii Volcanoes National Park covers the summit and the southeastern flank of Mauna_Loa , including a separate volcano , Kilauea . eos
, including a separate volcano , Kilauea . eos
is an active volcano in the Philippines on the island of Luzon , in the province of Albay in the Bicol Region . Mayon_Volcano almost perfectly - shaped cone is considered by some to be the Philippine equivalent of Mount Fuji in Japan . Mayon_Volcano is situated 15 kilometres northwest of Legazpi City . eos
almost perfectly - shaped cone is considered by some to be the Philippine equivalent of Mount Fuji in Japan . Mayon_Volcano is situated 15 kilometres northwest of Legazpi City . Mayon_Volcano is classified by volcanologists as a stratovolcano ( composite volcano ) . eos
is situated 15 kilometres northwest of Legazpi City . Mayon_Volcano is classified by volcanologists as a stratovolcano ( composite volcano ) . Mayon_Volcano symmetric cone was formed through alternate pyroclastic and lava flows . eos
is classified by volcanologists as a stratovolcano ( composite volcano ) . Mayon_Volcano symmetric cone was formed through alternate pyroclastic and lava flows . Mayon_Volcano is the most active volcano in the country , having erupted over 47 times in the past 400 years . eos
symmetric cone was formed through alternate pyroclastic and lava flows . Mayon_Volcano is the most active volcano in the country , having erupted over 47 times in the past 400 years . Mayon_Volcano is located between the Eurasian and the Philippine Plate , at a convergent plate boundary : where a continental plate meets an oceanic plate , the lighter continental plate overrides the oceanic plate , forcing it down ; magma is formed where the rock melts . eos
is the most active volcano in the country , having erupted over 47 times in the past 400 years . Mayon_Volcano is located between the Eurasian and the Philippine Plate , at a convergent plate boundary : where a continental plate meets an oceanic plate , the lighter continental plate overrides the oceanic plate , forcing it down ; magma is formed where the rock melts . Like other volcanoes located around the rim of the Pacific Ocean , Mayon_Volcano is a part of the ` ` Pacific Ring of Fire '' . eos
is located between the Eurasian and the Philippine Plate , at a convergent plate boundary : where a continental plate meets an oceanic plate , the lighter continental plate overrides the oceanic plate , forcing it down ; magma is formed where the rock melts . Like other volcanoes located around the rim of the Pacific Ocean , Mayon_Volcano is a part of the ` ` Pacific Ring of Fire '' . eos
is a part of the ` ` Pacific Ring of Fire '' . eos
is the highest peak in the Snowy Range , a part of the Medicine Bow Mountains , about 35 miles west of Laramie , Wyoming . Medicine_Bow_Peak lies within Medicine Bow National Forest . The summit is over 12,013 feet ( 3,661 m ) high and is visible from Snowy Range Pass , elevation 10,847 ft ( 3,300 m ) , on Wyoming Highway 130 , a Wyoming Scenic Byway . eos
lies within Medicine Bow National Forest . The summit is over 12,013 feet ( 3,661 m ) high and is visible from Snowy Range Pass , elevation 10,847 ft ( 3,300 m ) , on Wyoming Highway 130 , a Wyoming Scenic Byway . The most commonly used trail to the peak is a four - mile hike featuring switch - backs and a great deal of loose rock . eos
is usually covered with snow from october to late june . During winter the peak can be reached by snowshoe or by skiing . Summer conditions can be extreme , with frequent thunderstorms and hail during the afternoons . eos
is a mountain in Naltar Valley in the Gilgit District of Northern Areas of Pakistan . Mehrbani_Peak lies in the northwest of Naltar Peak ( 4,678 m ) and in the south of the Snow Dome peak ( 5,029 m ) ( there is another Snow Dome peak near Concordia ) . eos
lies in the northwest of Naltar Peak ( 4,678 m ) and in the south of the Snow Dome peak ( 5,029 m ) ( there is another Snow Dome peak near Concordia ) . eos
is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins range , located at the border of the Hautes - Alpes and Isère départements . Meije overlooks the nearby village of La Grave , a mountaineering centre and ski resort , well - known for Meije off - piste and extreme skiing possibilities . Meije is composed of three principal summits . eos
overlooks the nearby village of La Grave , a mountaineering centre and ski resort , well - known for Meije off - piste and extreme skiing possibilities . Meije is composed of three principal summits . The highest point is the Grand Pic de la Meije at 3,984 metres . eos
off - piste and extreme skiing possibilities . Meije is composed of three principal summits . The highest point is the Grand Pic de la Meije at 3,984 metres . eos
is composed of three principal summits . The highest point is the Grand Pic de la Meije at 3,984 metres . The Doigt de Dieu ( English : Finger of God ) , a large snow - clad tower at the east end of the ridge , overhanging the south slopes , is an attraction for mountaineers of all levels of ability . eos
was made on august 16 , 1877 by Emmanuel Boileau de Castelneu and Pierre Gaspard and son . In 1891 , J H. Gibson , U Almer and F Boss made the first traverse of the ridge , from west to east . For mountaineering , Meije can be approached from two mountain refuges : eos
can be approached from two mountain refuges : * The refuge du Promontoire at 3,082 metres , is situated at the bottom of the steep south buttress of the peak , and allows access to routes on the south face of Meije . * eos
. * The refuge de l'Aigle at 3,450 metres , is situated at the top of the Tabuchet glacier , and allows access to the north face . eos
( Tibetan : Jobo Garu ; Chinese : "" "" , eos
has a long summit ridge capped by the east ( main ) summit and the west summit , also known as Melungtse II , 7,023 m. Melungtse steep faces make Melungtse more difficult than Melungtse elevation would suggest . eos
steep faces make Melungtse more difficult than Melungtse elevation would suggest . eos
more difficult than Melungtse elevation would suggest . eos
elevation would suggest . eos
is the highest peak of the Cordillera de la Ramada range and the eighth highest mountain of the Andes . Mercedario is located 100 km to the north of Aconcagua , in the Argentine province of San Juan . Mercedario was first ascended in 1934 by Adam Karpiński and Wiktor Ostrowski , members of a Polish andinist expedition led by Konstanty Jodko - Narkiewicz . eos
is located 100 km to the north of Aconcagua , in the Argentine province of San Juan . Mercedario was first ascended in 1934 by Adam Karpiński and Wiktor Ostrowski , members of a Polish andinist expedition led by Konstanty Jodko - Narkiewicz . eos
was first ascended in 1934 by Adam Karpiński and Wiktor Ostrowski , members of a Polish andinist expedition led by Konstanty Jodko - Narkiewicz . eos
is a peak in the Palisades group , part of the central Sierra Nevada Mountains in the US state of California . Middle_Palisade rises to 14,012 feet ( 4,271 m ) , and Middle_Palisade is the twelfth highest peak in the state . Several routes involving exposed scrambling and/or easy technical rock climbing ( class 4 ) exist on the various flanks of Middle_Palisade . eos
rises to 14,012 feet ( 4,271 m ) , and Middle_Palisade is the twelfth highest peak in the state . Several routes involving exposed scrambling and/or easy technical rock climbing ( class 4 ) exist on the various flanks of Middle_Palisade . Some routes involve travel on the Middle Palisade Glacier . eos
is the twelfth highest peak in the state . Several routes involving exposed scrambling and/or easy technical rock climbing ( class 4 ) exist on the various flanks of Middle_Palisade . Some routes involve travel on the Middle Palisade Glacier . eos
. Some routes involve travel on the Middle Palisade Glacier . The easiest route involves scrambling ( class 3 ) up a chute in the east face of Middle_Palisade . eos
. eos
is the third highest peak in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Middle_Teton is immediately southwest of Grand Teton and the two are separated from one another by the lower saddle , a broad high ridge at 11,600 feet ( 3,540 m ) . The Middle Teton Glacier is located on the eastern slopes of Middle_Teton . eos
is immediately southwest of Grand Teton and the two are separated from one another by the lower saddle , a broad high ridge at 11,600 feet ( 3,540 m ) . The Middle Teton Glacier is located on the eastern slopes of Middle_Teton . Middle_Teton is a classic pyramidal shaped alpine peak and Middle_Teton is sometimes included as part of the Cathedral Group of high Teton peaks . eos
. Middle_Teton is a classic pyramidal shaped alpine peak and Middle_Teton is sometimes included as part of the Cathedral Group of high Teton peaks . The 40 mi long Teton Range is the youngest mountain chain in the Rocky Mountains , and began their uplift 9 million years ago , during the Miocene . eos
is a classic pyramidal shaped alpine peak and Middle_Teton is sometimes included as part of the Cathedral Group of high Teton peaks . The 40 mi long Teton Range is the youngest mountain chain in the Rocky Mountains , and began their uplift 9 million years ago , during the Miocene . Several periods of glaciation have carved Middle_Teton and the other peaks of the range into their current shapes . eos
is sometimes included as part of the Cathedral Group of high Teton peaks . The 40 mi long Teton Range is the youngest mountain chain in the Rocky Mountains , and began their uplift 9 million years ago , during the Miocene . Several periods of glaciation have carved Middle_Teton and the other peaks of the range into their current shapes . eos
and the other peaks of the range into their current shapes . From the lower saddle , a distinctive feature known as the black dike appears as a straight line running from near the top of Middle_Teton down 800 feet ( 240 m ) . The black dike is a basaltic intrusion that occurred long after the surrounding rock was formed . eos
down 800 feet ( 240 m ) . The black dike is a basaltic intrusion that occurred long after the surrounding rock was formed . eos
are a series of jagged peaks in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of the state of California in the southwestern United States . Collectively , Minarets_California form an arête and Minarets_California are a prominent feature in the Ansel Adams Wilderness . Minarets_California were named by the California Geographical Survey in 1868 , which reported : ` ` To the south of Mount Ritter are some grand pinnacles of granite , very lofty and apparently inaccessible , to which we gave the name of ` the Minarets . ' '' eos
form an arête and Minarets_California are a prominent feature in the Ansel Adams Wilderness . Minarets_California were named by the California Geographical Survey in 1868 , which reported : ` ` To the south of Mount Ritter are some grand pinnacles of granite , very lofty and apparently inaccessible , to which we gave the name of ` the Minarets . ' '' Seventeen of Minarets_California have been given unofficial names , including Michael Minaret , Adams Minaret , Leonard Minaret , and Clyde Minaret . eos
are a prominent feature in the Ansel Adams Wilderness . Minarets_California were named by the California Geographical Survey in 1868 , which reported : ` ` To the south of Mount Ritter are some grand pinnacles of granite , very lofty and apparently inaccessible , to which we gave the name of ` the Minarets . ' '' Seventeen of Minarets_California have been given unofficial names , including Michael Minaret , Adams Minaret , Leonard Minaret , and Clyde Minaret . eos
were named by the California Geographical Survey in 1868 , which reported : ` ` To the south of Mount Ritter are some grand pinnacles of granite , very lofty and apparently inaccessible , to which we gave the name of ` the Minarets . ' '' Seventeen of Minarets_California have been given unofficial names , including Michael Minaret , Adams Minaret , Leonard Minaret , and Clyde Minaret . Walter A Starr , Jr. , author of Starr 's Guide to the John Muir Trail and the High Sierra Region , fell to his death while solo - climbing Michael Minaret in 1933 . eos
have been given unofficial names , including Michael Minaret , Adams Minaret , Leonard Minaret , and Clyde Minaret . Walter A Starr , Jr. , author of Starr 's Guide to the John Muir Trail and the High Sierra Region , fell to his death while solo - climbing Michael Minaret in 1933 . Until 1984 , the Ansel Adams Wilderness was named the Minaret Wilderness after Minarets_California . eos
. eos
is an iconic mountain in the South Island of New Zealand . Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is one of the most photographed peaks in the country . The distinctive shape of Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand in southern New Zealand gives Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand name , after the mitre headwear of Christian bishops . eos
is one of the most photographed peaks in the country . The distinctive shape of Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand in southern New Zealand gives Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand name , after the mitre headwear of Christian bishops . Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand was named by a survey crew from the HMS Acheron . eos
in southern New Zealand gives Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand name , after the mitre headwear of Christian bishops . Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand was named by a survey crew from the HMS Acheron . Part of the reason for Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand iconic status is Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand location . eos
Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand name , after the mitre headwear of Christian bishops . Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand was named by a survey crew from the HMS Acheron . Part of the reason for Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand iconic status is Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand location . eos
name , after the mitre headwear of Christian bishops . Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand was named by a survey crew from the HMS Acheron . Part of the reason for Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand iconic status is Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand location . eos
was named by a survey crew from the HMS Acheron . Part of the reason for Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand iconic status is Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand location . Close to the shore of Milford Sound , in the Fiordland National Park in the southwestern South Island , Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is a stunning sight . eos
iconic status is Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand location . Close to the shore of Milford Sound , in the Fiordland National Park in the southwestern South Island , Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is a stunning sight . Rising to 1,692 metres from the water of the sound ( more technically a fjord ) , Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is actually a closely grouped set of five peaks , although from most easily accessible viewpoints Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand appears as a single point . eos
location . Close to the shore of Milford Sound , in the Fiordland National Park in the southwestern South Island , Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is a stunning sight . Rising to 1,692 metres from the water of the sound ( more technically a fjord ) , Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is actually a closely grouped set of five peaks , although from most easily accessible viewpoints Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand appears as a single point . eos
is a stunning sight . Rising to 1,692 metres from the water of the sound ( more technically a fjord ) , Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand is actually a closely grouped set of five peaks , although from most easily accessible viewpoints Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand appears as a single point . eos
is actually a closely grouped set of five peaks , although from most easily accessible viewpoints Mitre_Peak_New_Zealand appears as a single point . eos
appears as a single point . eos
is a mountain in the Karakoram mountain range near Concordia in the Northern Areas of Pakistan . eos
is a stratovolcano in the Chilean province of Valdivia in the Andes . Mocho-Choshuenco has recorded eruptions from 1864 and 1937 but Mocho-Choshuenco is actually inactive . The highest part of Mocho-Choshuenco forms the Mocho - Choshuenco National Reserve , the east parts of Mocho-Choshuenco borders the Huilo - Huilo Natural Reserve . eos
has recorded eruptions from 1864 and 1937 but Mocho-Choshuenco is actually inactive . The highest part of Mocho-Choshuenco forms the Mocho - Choshuenco National Reserve , the east parts of Mocho-Choshuenco borders the Huilo - Huilo Natural Reserve . Mocho-Choshuenco has two peaks : the Choshuenco in north - west with 2415mts and the Mocho at south - east with 2422mts . eos
is actually inactive . The highest part of Mocho-Choshuenco forms the Mocho - Choshuenco National Reserve , the east parts of Mocho-Choshuenco borders the Huilo - Huilo Natural Reserve . Mocho-Choshuenco has two peaks : the Choshuenco in north - west with 2415mts and the Mocho at south - east with 2422mts . eos
forms the Mocho - Choshuenco National Reserve , the east parts of Mocho-Choshuenco borders the Huilo - Huilo Natural Reserve . Mocho-Choshuenco has two peaks : the Choshuenco in north - west with 2415mts and the Mocho at south - east with 2422mts . In early colonial maps Mocho-Choshuenco appears erupting and is named ` ` Volcán Valdivia '' . eos
borders the Huilo - Huilo Natural Reserve . Mocho-Choshuenco has two peaks : the Choshuenco in north - west with 2415mts and the Mocho at south - east with 2422mts . In early colonial maps Mocho-Choshuenco appears erupting and is named ` ` Volcán Valdivia '' . eos
has two peaks : the Choshuenco in north - west with 2415mts and the Mocho at south - east with 2422mts . In early colonial maps Mocho-Choshuenco appears erupting and is named ` ` Volcán Valdivia '' . eos
appears erupting and is named ` ` Volcán Valdivia '' . eos
( German : ` ` monk '' ) is a mountain in the Swiss Alps . Together with the Eiger and the Jungfrau Moench forms a salient tripartite group visible from far away . eos
forms a salient tripartite group visible from far away . Moench was first climbed on august 15 , 1857 by Christian Almer , Christian Kaufmann , Ulrich Kaufmann and Sigismund Porges . eos
was first climbed on august 15 , 1857 by Christian Almer , Christian Kaufmann , Ulrich Kaufmann and Sigismund Porges . eos
or Phola Gangchen is an eastern outlier of Shishapangma , the 14th highest peak in the world . Both are in the Jugal Himal , a subrange of the Himalaya in Tibet . ( This range is contiguous with , and often considered as part of , the Langtang Himal . ) eos
elevation is also given as 7,661 m ( 25,134 ft ) ; the elevation given here is from a Chinese survey . ( Neate 1989:52 ) Molamenqing is little - known , partly since Molamenqing does not have much independent stature . Molamenqing topographic prominence , ie Molamenqing rise above the saddle connecting Molamenqing with Shishapangma , is only 430 metres , which is relatively small for a Himalayan peak , although large enough for Molamenqing to qualify in some reckonings as an independent peak . eos
is little - known , partly since Molamenqing does not have much independent stature . Molamenqing topographic prominence , ie Molamenqing rise above the saddle connecting Molamenqing with Shishapangma , is only 430 metres , which is relatively small for a Himalayan peak , although large enough for Molamenqing to qualify in some reckonings as an independent peak . Molamenqing did enjoy a temporary fame in the early 1980 's . eos
does not have much independent stature . Molamenqing topographic prominence , ie Molamenqing rise above the saddle connecting Molamenqing with Shishapangma , is only 430 metres , which is relatively small for a Himalayan peak , although large enough for Molamenqing to qualify in some reckonings as an independent peak . Molamenqing did enjoy a temporary fame in the early 1980 's . eos
topographic prominence , ie Molamenqing rise above the saddle connecting Molamenqing with Shishapangma , is only 430 metres , which is relatively small for a Himalayan peak , although large enough for Molamenqing to qualify in some reckonings as an independent peak . Molamenqing did enjoy a temporary fame in the early 1980 's . At the time Molamenqing was one of the highest unclimbed peaks in the world ( using a prominence cutoff low enough to qualify Molamenqing as a separate summit ) . eos
rise above the saddle connecting Molamenqing with Shishapangma , is only 430 metres , which is relatively small for a Himalayan peak , although large enough for Molamenqing to qualify in some reckonings as an independent peak . Molamenqing did enjoy a temporary fame in the early 1980 's . At the time Molamenqing was one of the highest unclimbed peaks in the world ( using a prominence cutoff low enough to qualify Molamenqing as a separate summit ) . eos
with Shishapangma , is only 430 metres , which is relatively small for a Himalayan peak , although large enough for Molamenqing to qualify in some reckonings as an independent peak . Molamenqing did enjoy a temporary fame in the early 1980 's . At the time Molamenqing was one of the highest unclimbed peaks in the world ( using a prominence cutoff low enough to qualify Molamenqing as a separate summit ) . eos
to qualify in some reckonings as an independent peak . Molamenqing did enjoy a temporary fame in the early 1980 's . At the time Molamenqing was one of the highest unclimbed peaks in the world ( using a prominence cutoff low enough to qualify Molamenqing as a separate summit ) . eos
did enjoy a temporary fame in the early 1980 's . At the time Molamenqing was one of the highest unclimbed peaks in the world ( using a prominence cutoff low enough to qualify Molamenqing as a separate summit ) . A team from New Zealand applied to the Chinese authorities to climb Molamenqing , and became one of the first Western teams to be allowed to climb in Tibet since before World War II . eos
was one of the highest unclimbed peaks in the world ( using a prominence cutoff low enough to qualify Molamenqing as a separate summit ) . A team from New Zealand applied to the Chinese authorities to climb Molamenqing , and became one of the first Western teams to be allowed to climb in Tibet since before World War II . The team succeeded in making the first , and so far the only , ascent of Molamenqing . eos
as a separate summit ) . A team from New Zealand applied to the Chinese authorities to climb Molamenqing , and became one of the first Western teams to be allowed to climb in Tibet since before World War II . The team succeeded in making the first , and so far the only , ascent of Molamenqing . eos
, and became one of the first Western teams to be allowed to climb in Tibet since before World War II . The team succeeded in making the first , and so far the only , ascent of Molamenqing . They started from the east side of Molamenqing , but their long route went via the north side of Shishapangma and approached the summit from the west . eos
. They started from the east side of Molamenqing , but their long route went via the north side of Shishapangma and approached the summit from the west . The Index lists no other attempts on Molamenqing . eos
, but their long route went via the north side of Shishapangma and approached the summit from the west . The Index lists no other attempts on Molamenqing . eos
. eos
( Romanian : Vârful Moldoveanu ) is the highest mountain in Romania , being located in the Făgăraş Mountains of the Southern Carpathians . The most used paths to reach Moldoveanu_Peak are over the Vistea Mare Peak ( 2527 m ) , by paths coming from Podragu , Sambata , or by the Vistea Valley . eos
are over the Vistea Mare Peak ( 2527 m ) , by paths coming from Podragu , Sambata , or by the Vistea Valley . The closest locality is Victoria , on the north side . On the south side Moldoveanu_Peak is accessible from northwest of Câmpulung . eos
is accessible from northwest of Câmpulung . eos
( Italian for white mountain ) or Mont Blanc ( French , same meaning ) also known as ` ` La Dame Blanche '' ( French , the white lady ) is a mountain in the Alps . With Mont_Blanc 4,808 m summit , Mont_Blanc is the highest mountain in the Alps and Western Europe . eos
4,808 m summit , Mont_Blanc is the highest mountain in the Alps and Western Europe . Mont_Blanc lies between the regions of Aosta Valley , Italy , and Haute - Savoie , France . The location of the summit itself is a subject of controversy between the two countries , as each tends to place it within its own boundaries on maps . eos
is the highest mountain in the Alps and Western Europe . Mont_Blanc lies between the regions of Aosta Valley , Italy , and Haute - Savoie , France . The location of the summit itself is a subject of controversy between the two countries , as each tends to place it within its own boundaries on maps . eos
lies between the regions of Aosta Valley , Italy , and Haute - Savoie , France . The location of the summit itself is a subject of controversy between the two countries , as each tends to place it within its own boundaries on maps . In a convention between France and Kingdom of Sardinia , in Turin ( 1861 ) , the border was fixed on the highest point of Mont_Blanc . eos
. This was the last official definition of this border , but often the French maps do not respect this solution . The two most famous towns near Mont_Blanc are Courmayeur , in Aosta Valley , Italy , and Chamonix , in Haute - Savoie , France - the site of the first Winter Olympics . eos
are Courmayeur , in Aosta Valley , Italy , and Chamonix , in Haute - Savoie , France - the site of the first Winter Olympics . Begun in 1957 and completed in 1965 , the 11.6 km ( 7 1/4 mi ) Mont Blanc Tunnel runs beneath Mont_Blanc between these two cities and is one of the major trans - Alpine transport routes . eos
between these two cities and is one of the major trans - Alpine transport routes . The Mont Blanc Massif is popular for mountaineering , hiking , and skiing . eos
( 4,748 m ) in the Mont Blanc massif in Italy , is the second highest mountain in the Alps and the second highest point in Italy . Lying to the south - east of the summit of Mont Blanc , to which Mont_Blanc_de_Courmayeur is joined by Col Major , Mont_Blanc_de_Courmayeur can be ascended via the Bosses ridge , or the Peuterey and Brouillard ridges . eos
is joined by Col Major , Mont_Blanc_de_Courmayeur can be ascended via the Bosses ridge , or the Peuterey and Brouillard ridges . eos
can be ascended via the Bosses ridge , or the Peuterey and Brouillard ridges . eos
( 3,946 m ) is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins in the French Alps . For many years Mont_Pelvoux was believed to be the highest mountain in the region since the higher Barre des Écrins can not be seen from the Durance valley . The highest point on Mont_Pelvoux is Pointe Puiseux . eos
was believed to be the highest mountain in the region since the higher Barre des Écrins can not be seen from the Durance valley . The highest point on Mont_Pelvoux is Pointe Puiseux . There are three subpeaks : * Pointe Durand ( 3,932 m ) eos
is Pointe Puiseux . There are three subpeaks : * Pointe Durand ( 3,932 m ) * eos
( Occitan : Ventor in classical norm or Ventour in Mistralian norm ) is a mountain in the Provence region of southern France , located some 20 km north - east of Carpentras , Vaucluse . eos
borders the Drôme département . Mont_Ventoux is the largest mountain in the region and Mont_Ventoux has been nicknamed the ` ` Giant of Provence '' , or ` ` The Bald Mountain '' . As the name might suggest ( venteux means windy in French ) , it can get windy at the summit , especially with the mistral ; windspeeds as high as 320 km / h ( 193 mph ) have been recorded . eos
is the largest mountain in the region and Mont_Ventoux has been nicknamed the ` ` Giant of Provence '' , or ` ` The Bald Mountain '' . As the name might suggest ( venteux means windy in French ) , it can get windy at the summit , especially with the mistral ; windspeeds as high as 320 km / h ( 193 mph ) have been recorded . The road over Mont_Ventoux is often closed due to high winds . eos
has been nicknamed the ` ` Giant of Provence '' , or ` ` The Bald Mountain '' . As the name might suggest ( venteux means windy in French ) , it can get windy at the summit , especially with the mistral ; windspeeds as high as 320 km / h ( 193 mph ) have been recorded . The road over Mont_Ventoux is often closed due to high winds . eos
is often closed due to high winds . The real origins of the name are thought to trace back to the 1st or 2nd century AD , when Mont_Ventoux was named ` Vintur ' after a Gaulish god of the summits , or ` Ven - Top ' , meaning ` ` snowy peak '' in the ancient Gallic language . In the 10th century , the names Mons Ventosus and Mons Ventorius appear . eos
was named ` Vintur ' after a Gaulish god of the summits , or ` Ven - Top ' , meaning ` ` snowy peak '' in the ancient Gallic language . In the 10th century , the names Mons Ventosus and Mons Ventorius appear . Mont_Ventoux , although geologically part of the Alps , is often considered to be separate from them , due to the lack of mountains of a similar height nearby . eos
, although geologically part of the Alps , is often considered to be separate from them , due to the lack of mountains of a similar height nearby . Mont_Ventoux stands alone to the west of the Luberon range , and just to the east of the Dentelles de Montmirail , Mont_Ventoux foothills . The top of Mont_Ventoux is bare limestone without vegetation or trees . eos
stands alone to the west of the Luberon range , and just to the east of the Dentelles de Montmirail , Mont_Ventoux foothills . The top of Mont_Ventoux is bare limestone without vegetation or trees . The white limestone on Mont_Ventoux barren peak means Mont_Ventoux appears from a distance to be snow - capped all year round ( eos
foothills . The top of Mont_Ventoux is bare limestone without vegetation or trees . The white limestone on Mont_Ventoux barren peak means Mont_Ventoux appears from a distance to be snow - capped all year round ( eos
is bare limestone without vegetation or trees . The white limestone on Mont_Ventoux barren peak means Mont_Ventoux appears from a distance to be snow - capped all year round ( Mont_Ventoux snow cover actually lasts from december to april ) . eos
barren peak means Mont_Ventoux appears from a distance to be snow - capped all year round ( Mont_Ventoux snow cover actually lasts from december to april ) . Mont_Ventoux isolated position overlooking the valley of the Rhône ensures that Mont_Ventoux dominates the entire region and Mont_Ventoux can be seen from many miles away on a clear day . eos
appears from a distance to be snow - capped all year round ( Mont_Ventoux snow cover actually lasts from december to april ) . Mont_Ventoux isolated position overlooking the valley of the Rhône ensures that Mont_Ventoux dominates the entire region and Mont_Ventoux can be seen from many miles away on a clear day . eos
snow cover actually lasts from december to april ) . Mont_Ventoux isolated position overlooking the valley of the Rhône ensures that Mont_Ventoux dominates the entire region and Mont_Ventoux can be seen from many miles away on a clear day . The view from the top is correspondingly superb . eos
isolated position overlooking the valley of the Rhône ensures that Mont_Ventoux dominates the entire region and Mont_Ventoux can be seen from many miles away on a clear day . The view from the top is correspondingly superb . eos
dominates the entire region and Mont_Ventoux can be seen from many miles away on a clear day . The view from the top is correspondingly superb . eos
can be seen from many miles away on a clear day . The view from the top is correspondingly superb . eos
( 3,220 m ) is a mountain in the Dolomites , in the Province of Belluno in northern Italy . The north - western side of Monte_Civetta has a steep cliff more than 1,000 m high . eos
has a steep cliff more than 1,000 m high . eos
( 3,678 m ) is a mountain in the Bregaglia range in Italy . The first ascent was by Leslie Stephen , Thomas Stuart Kennedy and Thomas Cox with guide Melchior Anderegg on 23 august 1862 . eos
is the highest mountain of the Lepontine Alps and Monte_Leone is located on the border between Switzerland and Italy . eos
is located on the border between Switzerland and Italy . eos
( Mont Perdu in French , both meaning lost mountain ) is the third highest mountain in the Pyrenees . The summit of Monte_Perdido ( 3355 m ) , located in Spain , lies hidden from France by the seemingly impenetrable peaks of the Cirques of Gavarnie and Estaube . eos
( 3355 m ) , located in Spain , lies hidden from France by the seemingly impenetrable peaks of the Cirques of Gavarnie and Estaube . To get to Monte_Perdido from Spain is easier . Explorers first had to hike from the Aragonese village of Torla along the huge Ordesa Valley and then up through the Circo de Soaso before attempting the stiff climb to the summit . eos
from Spain is easier . Explorers first had to hike from the Aragonese village of Torla along the huge Ordesa Valley and then up through the Circo de Soaso before attempting the stiff climb to the summit . Monte_Perdido is the centrepiece of the Spanish Ordesa y eos
is the centrepiece of the Spanish Ordesa y Monte Perdido National Park which was established in 1918 with just 21 square kilometres of land . Today the park has grown significantly to 156 square kilometres and incorporates the whole of the Añisclo Canyon . eos
is an extinct volcano in La Rioja Province , Argentina . Monte_Pissis is the third highest in the Western Hemisphere , and Monte_Pissis is located about 550 km north of Aconcagua . Due to Monte_Pissis location in the Atacama Desert , Monte_Pissis has very dry conditions with snow only remaining on the peak during winter . eos
is the third highest in the Western Hemisphere , and Monte_Pissis is located about 550 km north of Aconcagua . Due to Monte_Pissis location in the Atacama Desert , Monte_Pissis has very dry conditions with snow only remaining on the peak during winter . Monte_Pissis is very high and remote , however the ascent is but a hike , albeit a long one . eos
is located about 550 km north of Aconcagua . Due to Monte_Pissis location in the Atacama Desert , Monte_Pissis has very dry conditions with snow only remaining on the peak during winter . Monte_Pissis is very high and remote , however the ascent is but a hike , albeit a long one . eos
location in the Atacama Desert , Monte_Pissis has very dry conditions with snow only remaining on the peak during winter . Monte_Pissis is very high and remote , however the ascent is but a hike , albeit a long one . In 1994 it was claimed by Argentine authorities that an advanced GPS survey had determined that the elevation of Monte_Pissis was 6,882 m , and higher than Ojos del Salado , but SRTM data and several modern GPS surveys have proved that this widely reproduced and repeated claim is incorrect . eos
has very dry conditions with snow only remaining on the peak during winter . Monte_Pissis is very high and remote , however the ascent is but a hike , albeit a long one . In 1994 it was claimed by Argentine authorities that an advanced GPS survey had determined that the elevation of Monte_Pissis was 6,882 m , and higher than Ojos del Salado , but SRTM data and several modern GPS surveys have proved that this widely reproduced and repeated claim is incorrect . eos
is very high and remote , however the ascent is but a hike , albeit a long one . In 1994 it was claimed by Argentine authorities that an advanced GPS survey had determined that the elevation of Monte_Pissis was 6,882 m , and higher than Ojos del Salado , but SRTM data and several modern GPS surveys have proved that this widely reproduced and repeated claim is incorrect . In 2007 , a Chilean - European expedition performed a precise survey on both Ojos del Salado and Monte_Pissis , using more accurate instruments . eos
was 6,882 m , and higher than Ojos del Salado , but SRTM data and several modern GPS surveys have proved that this widely reproduced and repeated claim is incorrect . In 2007 , a Chilean - European expedition performed a precise survey on both Ojos del Salado and Monte_Pissis , using more accurate instruments . It has provisionally found the former to be 6,891 m and Monte_Pissis 6,793 m. eos
, using more accurate instruments . It has provisionally found the former to be 6,891 m and Monte_Pissis 6,793 m. eos
6,793 m. eos
( known as Cerro Roraima in Spanish , Monte Roraima in Portuguese ) , with a peak at 2,810 metres ( 8986 feet ) , is the highest of Venezuela 's distinctive table - top mountains , known as tepuis . Monte_Roraima marks the border between Venezuela , Brazil and Guyana , although more than three quarters of Monte_Roraima is in Venezuelan territory . Monte_Roraima is the highset mountain in Guyana , but Venezuela and Brazil have higher mountains . eos
marks the border between Venezuela , Brazil and Guyana , although more than three quarters of Monte_Roraima is in Venezuelan territory . Monte_Roraima is the highset mountain in Guyana , but Venezuela and Brazil have higher mountains . The triple border point on the summit is at 5 ° 12 ' 08N , 60 ° 44 ' 07W . eos
is in Venezuelan territory . Monte_Roraima is the highset mountain in Guyana , but Venezuela and Brazil have higher mountains . The triple border point on the summit is at 5 ° 12 ' 08N , 60 ° 44 ' 07W . eos
is the highset mountain in Guyana , but Venezuela and Brazil have higher mountains . The triple border point on the summit is at 5 ° 12 ' 08N , 60 ° 44 ' 07W . Monte_Roraima lies on the Guiana Shield in the southeastern corner of Venezuela 's 30,000 km ² Canaima National Park , which is roughly located in the Gran Sabana region . eos
lies on the Guiana Shield in the southeastern corner of Venezuela 's 30,000 km ² Canaima National Park , which is roughly located in the Gran Sabana region . The tabletop mountains of the park are considered some of the oldest geological formations on Earth , dating back to the Precambrian Era , some two billion years ago . The average height of Monte_Roraima is about 2,500 metres ( 8,200 feet ) , making Monte_Roraima the highest point for distance of 549.44 kilometres ( 341.48 miles ) in any direction . eos
is about 2,500 metres ( 8,200 feet ) , making Monte_Roraima the highest point for distance of 549.44 kilometres ( 341.48 miles ) in any direction . The nearest peak that is taller is Cerro Marahuaca , to the west - southwest . Despite the fact the steep sides of Monte_Roraima make Monte_Roraima difficult to access , Monte_Roraima was the first major tepui to be climbed : eos
the highest point for distance of 549.44 kilometres ( 341.48 miles ) in any direction . The nearest peak that is taller is Cerro Marahuaca , to the west - southwest . Despite the fact the steep sides of Monte_Roraima make Monte_Roraima difficult to access , Monte_Roraima was the first major tepui to be climbed : eos
was the first major tepui to be climbed : Sir Everard i m Thurn walked up a forested ramp in december 1884 to scale Monte_Roraima . eos
make Monte_Roraima difficult to access , Monte_Roraima was the first major tepui to be climbed : Sir Everard i m Thurn walked up a forested ramp in december 1884 to scale Monte_Roraima . eos
difficult to access , Monte_Roraima was the first major tepui to be climbed : Sir Everard i m Thurn walked up a forested ramp in december 1884 to scale Monte_Roraima . eos
. This is the same route hikers take today . It is thought that the reports from early Victorian expeditions to Monte_Roraima inspired Sir Arthur Conan Doyle to write his classic adventure yarn , eos
inspired Sir Arthur Conan Doyle to write his classic adventure yarn , The Lost World , in 1912 - now made into countless films . Since long before the arrival of European explorers in Venezuela Monte_Roraima has held a special significance for the indigenous people of the region and Monte_Roraima is central to many of their myths and legends . eos
has held a special significance for the indigenous people of the region and Monte_Roraima is central to many of their myths and legends . The Pemon Indians of the Gran Sabana see Monte_Roraima as the stump of a mighty tree that once held all the fruits and tuberous vegetables in the world . Felled by one of their ancestors , the tree crashed to the ground , unleashing a terrible flood . eos
is central to many of their myths and legends . The Pemon Indians of the Gran Sabana see Monte_Roraima as the stump of a mighty tree that once held all the fruits and tuberous vegetables in the world . Felled by one of their ancestors , the tree crashed to the ground , unleashing a terrible flood . eos
as the stump of a mighty tree that once held all the fruits and tuberous vegetables in the world . Felled by one of their ancestors , the tree crashed to the ground , unleashing a terrible flood . ` ` Roroi '' in the Pemon language means blue - green and ` ` ma '' means great . eos
, also known as Monte Cochrane , is a mountain on the border between Argentina and Chile . Monte_San_Lorenzo is covered by three large glaciers ( two in Argentina and one in Chile ) . The Argentine glaciers show clear evidence of retreat . eos
is covered by three large glaciers ( two in Argentina and one in Chile ) . The Argentine glaciers show clear evidence of retreat . eos
, also known as Monte San Clemente , is the highest mountain in Chilean Patagonia and the highest mountain south of 40 ° S outside Antarctica . Monte_San_Valentin stands at the north end of the North Patagonian Icefield . Monte_San_Valentin can be climbed from Lago Leones , to the south east , or from Laguna San Rafael , to the west . eos
stands at the north end of the North Patagonian Icefield . Monte_San_Valentin can be climbed from Lago Leones , to the south east , or from Laguna San Rafael , to the west . The ascent is long and is particularly subject to bad weather . eos
can be climbed from Lago Leones , to the south east , or from Laguna San Rafael , to the west . The ascent is long and is particularly subject to bad weather . The accident and fatality rate is high . eos
in 1993 included two surveyors , who calculated an elevation of 4,080 ± 20 m by using a GPS . In 2001 a group measured 4,070 ± 40 m , also using GPS . SRTM data also supports an elevation in excess of 4,000 metres . eos
is a pyramidal peak with a glaciated saddle - shaped summit located in Alberto de Agostini National Park , Chile . Monte_Sarmiento rises abruptly from the east shore of the Magdalena Channel and Monte_Sarmiento marks the western border of the Cordillera Darwin . Monte_Sarmiento is frequently shrouded in clouds , but when Monte_Sarmiento is visible Monte_Sarmiento is ` ` the most sublime spectacle in Tierra del Fuego '' according the words of Charles Darwin , one of the many people who have been captivated by the breathtaking beauty of Monte_Sarmiento . eos
rises abruptly from the east shore of the Magdalena Channel and Monte_Sarmiento marks the western border of the Cordillera Darwin . Monte_Sarmiento is frequently shrouded in clouds , but when Monte_Sarmiento is visible Monte_Sarmiento is ` ` the most sublime spectacle in Tierra del Fuego '' according the words of Charles Darwin , one of the many people who have been captivated by the breathtaking beauty of Monte_Sarmiento . eos
marks the western border of the Cordillera Darwin . Monte_Sarmiento is frequently shrouded in clouds , but when Monte_Sarmiento is visible Monte_Sarmiento is ` ` the most sublime spectacle in Tierra del Fuego '' according the words of Charles Darwin , one of the many people who have been captivated by the breathtaking beauty of Monte_Sarmiento . eos
is frequently shrouded in clouds , but when Monte_Sarmiento is visible Monte_Sarmiento is ` ` the most sublime spectacle in Tierra del Fuego '' according the words of Charles Darwin , one of the many people who have been captivated by the breathtaking beauty of Monte_Sarmiento . eos
is visible Monte_Sarmiento is ` ` the most sublime spectacle in Tierra del Fuego '' according the words of Charles Darwin , one of the many people who have been captivated by the breathtaking beauty of Monte_Sarmiento . eos
is ` ` the most sublime spectacle in Tierra del Fuego '' according the words of Charles Darwin , one of the many people who have been captivated by the breathtaking beauty of Monte_Sarmiento . eos
. eos
is the second highest mountain in New Hampshire , after Mt. Washington ( 6,288 ft ) , and Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire is the highest peak in the northeast United States which does not have an auto road to the summit . Located in the Northern Presidential Range , Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire was named after John Adams , the second president of the United States . Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire was given this name on july 31 , 1820 . eos
is the highest peak in the northeast United States which does not have an auto road to the summit . Located in the Northern Presidential Range , Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire was named after John Adams , the second president of the United States . Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire was given this name on july 31 , 1820 . eos
was named after John Adams , the second president of the United States . Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire was given this name on july 31 , 1820 . To the north and east is Mount Madison and to the south and west is Mount Jefferson . eos
was given this name on july 31 , 1820 . To the north and east is Mount Madison and to the south and west is Mount Jefferson . There are two major subsidiary peaks of Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire : Mount Sam Adams and Mount Quincy Adams , named after John Adams ' cousin , Revolutionary leader Samuel Adams , and son , President John Quincy Adams , respectively . eos
: Mount Sam Adams and Mount Quincy Adams , named after John Adams ' cousin , Revolutionary leader Samuel Adams , and son , President John Quincy Adams , respectively . These peaks along with the two other sub - peaks , Adams 4 and Adams 5 are collectively referred to as the ` ` Adams Family '' of peaks . The northern side of the mountain ridge is located in Low and Burbank 's Grant , and the end of Durand Ridge , and King Ravine , on the north side of Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire are in the town of Randolph ( formerly Durand ) . eos
are in the town of Randolph ( formerly Durand ) . The entire south side of the mountain ridge is in Thompson and Meserve 's Purchase . The Appalachian Trail traverses the col between Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire and Mount Sam Adams , on a path called ` ` Gulfside Trail . '' eos
and Mount Sam Adams , on a path called ` ` Gulfside Trail . '' The Randolph Mountain Club ( RMC ) maintains the trails and several huts and shelters high on Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire north side , including ` ` The Perch , '' ` ` Crag Camp , '' ` ` The Log Cabin , '' and ` ` Gray Knob . '' An amazing network of hiking and climbing paths lead south to the huts and ridges from several parking areas located on US Highway 2 . eos
north side , including ` ` The Perch , '' ` ` Crag Camp , '' ` ` The Log Cabin , '' and ` ` Gray Knob . '' An amazing network of hiking and climbing paths lead south to the huts and ridges from several parking areas located on US Highway 2 . Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire is considered to be a sacred peak by the Aetherians , who believe Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire to be charged with alien life energy . eos
to be charged with alien life energy . Rumor has it they keep their sacred book of chants and ceremonies amongst the books at Gray Knob Cabin . eos
is considered to be a sacred peak by the Aetherians , who believe Mount_Adams_New_Hampshire to be charged with alien life energy . Rumor has it they keep their sacred book of chants and ceremonies amongst the books at Gray Knob Cabin . eos
is a mountain Located in Iligan City , Philippines Mount_Agad-Agad has an estimated height 1,600 feet above sea level . Mount_Agad-Agad affords a full view of Iligan City by night or day , ideal for the adventurous type , hikers and mountaineers . Mount_Agad-Agad is very accessible and Mount_Agad-Agad is good for mountain hikings and overnight campings . eos
has an estimated height 1,600 feet above sea level . Mount_Agad-Agad affords a full view of Iligan City by night or day , ideal for the adventurous type , hikers and mountaineers . Mount_Agad-Agad is very accessible and Mount_Agad-Agad is good for mountain hikings and overnight campings . eos
affords a full view of Iligan City by night or day , ideal for the adventurous type , hikers and mountaineers . Mount_Agad-Agad is very accessible and Mount_Agad-Agad is good for mountain hikings and overnight campings . A small waterfall is featured on the way to the top of Mount_Agad-Agad . eos
is very accessible and Mount_Agad-Agad is good for mountain hikings and overnight campings . A small waterfall is featured on the way to the top of Mount_Agad-Agad . eos
is good for mountain hikings and overnight campings . A small waterfall is featured on the way to the top of Mount_Agad-Agad . eos
. eos
or Gunung Agung is a mountain in Bali . This stratovolcano is the highest point on the island . Mount_Agung dominates the surrounding area influencing the climate . eos
dominates the surrounding area influencing the climate . The clouds come from the west and Mount_Agung takes their water so that the west is lush and green and the east dry and barren . Mount_Agung last erupted in 1963 - 64 and Mount_Agung is still active , with a large and very deep crater which occasionally belches smoke and ash . eos
takes their water so that the west is lush and green and the east dry and barren . Mount_Agung last erupted in 1963 - 64 and Mount_Agung is still active , with a large and very deep crater which occasionally belches smoke and ash . From a distance , Mount_Agung appears to be perfectly conical , despite the existence of the large crater . eos
last erupted in 1963 - 64 and Mount_Agung is still active , with a large and very deep crater which occasionally belches smoke and ash . From a distance , Mount_Agung appears to be perfectly conical , despite the existence of the large crater . From the peak of Mount_Agung , it is possible to see the peak of Gunung Rinjani on the island of Lombok , although both mountains are frequently covered in cloud . eos
is still active , with a large and very deep crater which occasionally belches smoke and ash . From a distance , Mount_Agung appears to be perfectly conical , despite the existence of the large crater . From the peak of Mount_Agung , it is possible to see the peak of Gunung Rinjani on the island of Lombok , although both mountains are frequently covered in cloud . eos
appears to be perfectly conical , despite the existence of the large crater . From the peak of Mount_Agung , it is possible to see the peak of Gunung Rinjani on the island of Lombok , although both mountains are frequently covered in cloud . eos
, it is possible to see the peak of Gunung Rinjani on the island of Lombok , although both mountains are frequently covered in cloud . eos
is a 3,990 metre high mountain in the Wharton Range in Central Province , Papua New Guinea . Mount_Albert_Edward_Papua_New_Guinea consists of two peaks about 400 metres apart , a cross marks the top of the slightly higher western peak and a trig station marks the eastern peak . Mount_Albert_Edward_Papua_New_Guinea lies approximately 140 km north of Port Moresby . eos
consists of two peaks about 400 metres apart , a cross marks the top of the slightly higher western peak and a trig station marks the eastern peak . Mount_Albert_Edward_Papua_New_Guinea lies approximately 140 km north of Port Moresby . The first recorded ascent was in 1906 by C A W Monckton . eos
lies approximately 140 km north of Port Moresby . The first recorded ascent was in 1906 by C A W Monckton . There were further ascents in the early 20th century , but the first detailed account was made in 1935 following an ascent by Richard Archbold and Austin L Rand in 1933 . eos
, or Boundary Peak 180 , is a high peak in the Saint Elias Mountains , on the border between Alaska and the Yukon Territory . Mount_Alverstone shares a large massif with the higher Mount Hubbard to the south and the slightly lower Mount Kennedy to the east . The summit of Mount_Alverstone marks a sharp turn in the Alaska / Canada border ; the border goes south from this point toward the Alaska panhandle and west toward Mount Saint Elias . eos
shares a large massif with the higher Mount Hubbard to the south and the slightly lower Mount Kennedy to the east . The summit of Mount_Alverstone marks a sharp turn in the Alaska / Canada border ; the border goes south from this point toward the Alaska panhandle and west toward Mount Saint Elias . eos
marks a sharp turn in the Alaska / Canada border ; the border goes south from this point toward the Alaska panhandle and west toward Mount Saint Elias . eos
is a caldera ( about 10 km in diameter ) located in the Aleutian Range of Alaska , United States . The area around Mount_Aniakchak is the Aniakchak National Monument and Preserve , maintained by the National Park Service . Mount_Aniakchak is an extant volcano - at least ten lava flows have occurred since the formation of the caldera in 1645 B.C. ; the most recent was in 1931 . eos
is the Aniakchak National Monument and Preserve , maintained by the National Park Service . Mount_Aniakchak is an extant volcano - at least ten lava flows have occurred since the formation of the caldera in 1645 B.C. ; the most recent was in 1931 . Surprise Lake within the caldera is the source of the Aniakchak River , a National Wild River . eos
is an extant volcano - at least ten lava flows have occurred since the formation of the caldera in 1645 B.C. ; the most recent was in 1931 . Surprise Lake within the caldera is the source of the Aniakchak River , a National Wild River . In november of 1967 , Mount_Aniakchak was designated as a National Natural Landmark by the National Park Service . eos
was designated as a National Natural Landmark by the National Park Service . eos
( "" IPA : ænˈtɛɹoʊ "" ) is the tenth highest peak in Colorado , with an elevation of 14,269 ft ( 4,349 m ) . Mount_Antero is named for Chief Antero of the Uintah band of Utes . eos
is named for Chief Antero of the Uintah band of Utes . Mount_Antero is located in the central Sawatch Range in Chaffee County between the towns of Buena Vista and Salida . Mount_Antero is prized for Mount_Antero gemstone deposits and Mount_Antero has one of the highest concentrations of aquamarine in the country . eos
is located in the central Sawatch Range in Chaffee County between the towns of Buena Vista and Salida . Mount_Antero is prized for Mount_Antero gemstone deposits and Mount_Antero has one of the highest concentrations of aquamarine in the country . There are several active private mining claims being exploited on Mount_Antero and surrounding peaks . eos
is prized for Mount_Antero gemstone deposits and Mount_Antero has one of the highest concentrations of aquamarine in the country . There are several active private mining claims being exploited on Mount_Antero and surrounding peaks . Mount_Antero is located entirely within the San Isabel National Forest , due south of the more visually prominent Mount Princeton . eos
gemstone deposits and Mount_Antero has one of the highest concentrations of aquamarine in the country . There are several active private mining claims being exploited on Mount_Antero and surrounding peaks . Mount_Antero is located entirely within the San Isabel National Forest , due south of the more visually prominent Mount Princeton . eos
has one of the highest concentrations of aquamarine in the country . There are several active private mining claims being exploited on Mount_Antero and surrounding peaks . Mount_Antero is located entirely within the San Isabel National Forest , due south of the more visually prominent Mount Princeton . eos
and surrounding peaks . Mount_Antero is located entirely within the San Isabel National Forest , due south of the more visually prominent Mount Princeton . There are two popular climbing routes on Mount_Antero . eos
is located entirely within the San Isabel National Forest , due south of the more visually prominent Mount Princeton . There are two popular climbing routes on Mount_Antero . The generally accepted hiking route is from the east starting at the Browns Creek Trailhead and paralleling Little Browns Creek to its upper reaches where it crosses Forest Road 1A , then following the road near to the summit . eos
. The generally accepted hiking route is from the east starting at the Browns Creek Trailhead and paralleling Little Browns Creek to its upper reaches where it crosses Forest Road 1A , then following the road near to the summit . The other route follows the same forest road from the north up Baldwin Creek . eos
was surveyed by the Pike Expedition in 1806 . A forest service sign at the Browns Creek trailhead commemorates the expedition camp at the eastern base of Mount_Antero . eos
. eos
is a large stratovolcano on the island of Mindanao in the Philippines . Mount_Apo is the highest mountain in the country and Mount_Apo overlooks Davao City , a few kilometres to the northeast . Mount_Apo name means ` ` master '' or ` ` grandfather '' . eos
is the highest mountain in the country and Mount_Apo overlooks Davao City , a few kilometres to the northeast . Mount_Apo name means ` ` master '' or ` ` grandfather '' . Mount_Apo is flat topped , with three peaks , and Mount_Apo is capped by a 500 m wide volcanic crater containing a small crater lake . eos
overlooks Davao City , a few kilometres to the northeast . Mount_Apo name means ` ` master '' or ` ` grandfather '' . Mount_Apo is flat topped , with three peaks , and Mount_Apo is capped by a 500 m wide volcanic crater containing a small crater lake . eos
name means ` ` master '' or ` ` grandfather '' . Mount_Apo is flat topped , with three peaks , and Mount_Apo is capped by a 500 m wide volcanic crater containing a small crater lake . Mount_Apo is a source of geothermal energy , but the date of Mount_Apo most recent eruption is unknown , and none are verified in historic times . eos
is flat topped , with three peaks , and Mount_Apo is capped by a 500 m wide volcanic crater containing a small crater lake . Mount_Apo is a source of geothermal energy , but the date of Mount_Apo most recent eruption is unknown , and none are verified in historic times . Mount_Apo is one of the most popular climbing destinations in the Philippines , and the summit is easy to reach . eos
is capped by a 500 m wide volcanic crater containing a small crater lake . Mount_Apo is a source of geothermal energy , but the date of Mount_Apo most recent eruption is unknown , and none are verified in historic times . Mount_Apo is one of the most popular climbing destinations in the Philippines , and the summit is easy to reach . eos
is a source of geothermal energy , but the date of Mount_Apo most recent eruption is unknown , and none are verified in historic times . Mount_Apo is one of the most popular climbing destinations in the Philippines , and the summit is easy to reach . Mount_Apo was first climbed on october 10 1880 by a party led by Don Joaquin Rajal . eos
most recent eruption is unknown , and none are verified in historic times . Mount_Apo is one of the most popular climbing destinations in the Philippines , and the summit is easy to reach . Mount_Apo was first climbed on october 10 1880 by a party led by Don Joaquin Rajal . eos
is one of the most popular climbing destinations in the Philippines , and the summit is easy to reach . Mount_Apo was first climbed on october 10 1880 by a party led by Don Joaquin Rajal . eos
was first climbed on october 10 1880 by a party led by Don Joaquin Rajal . eos
( ` ` Արագած '' in Armenian ) is the highest point in Armenia located in the province of Aragatsotn , northwest from Yerevan . Mount_Aragats is a standalone extinct stratovolcano with four main peaks forming the rim of the crater , and Mount_Aragats is a popular destination for local alpinists . Located on Mount_Aragats slopes are the Byurakan Observatory and the medieval Amberd Fortress . eos
is a standalone extinct stratovolcano with four main peaks forming the rim of the crater , and Mount_Aragats is a popular destination for local alpinists . Located on Mount_Aragats slopes are the Byurakan Observatory and the medieval Amberd Fortress . The observatory is known worldwide , and it is one of the main observatories in the world . eos
is a popular destination for local alpinists . Located on Mount_Aragats slopes are the Byurakan Observatory and the medieval Amberd Fortress . The observatory is known worldwide , and it is one of the main observatories in the world . eos
slopes are the Byurakan Observatory and the medieval Amberd Fortress . The observatory is known worldwide , and it is one of the main observatories in the world . Mount_Aragats is a popular destination for tourists , especially in summer . eos
is a popular destination for tourists , especially in summer . To the south of Mount_Aragats is Ashtarak , one of the main cities . On the other sides of the mountains are villages and towns . eos
is Ashtarak , one of the main cities . On the other sides of the mountains are villages and towns . eos
is a twin peaked mountain with two flat - topped cylindrical rock towers , separated by a saddle . Mount_Asgard is located in Auyuittuq National Park , on the Cumberland Peninsula of Baffin Island , Nunavut , Canada . Mount_Asgard is named after Asgard , the realm of the gods in Norse Mythology . eos
is located in Auyuittuq National Park , on the Cumberland Peninsula of Baffin Island , Nunavut , Canada . Mount_Asgard is named after Asgard , the realm of the gods in Norse Mythology . Mount_Asgard is perhaps the most famous of the Baffin Mountains . eos
is named after Asgard , the realm of the gods in Norse Mythology . Mount_Asgard is perhaps the most famous of the Baffin Mountains . Mount_Asgard slightly higher North Peak was first ascended in 1953 by H Webber , J Marmet , and Rothlisberger . eos
is perhaps the most famous of the Baffin Mountains . Mount_Asgard slightly higher North Peak was first ascended in 1953 by H Webber , J Marmet , and Rothlisberger . In 1976 , stuntman Rick Sylvester performed a BASE jump off Mount_Asgard for the opening sequence of the James Bond film The Spy eos
slightly higher North Peak was first ascended in 1953 by H Webber , J Marmet , and Rothlisberger . In 1976 , stuntman Rick Sylvester performed a BASE jump off Mount_Asgard for the opening sequence of the James Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me , although the fictional setting was the Alps . eos
for the opening sequence of the James Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me , although the fictional setting was the Alps . eos
is New Zealand 's highest mountain outside the Mount Cook region . Set within the South Island 's Mount Aspiring National Park , Mount_Aspiring has a height of 3,033 metres . Māori named Mount_Aspiring Tititea , which translates as Glistening Peak . eos
has a height of 3,033 metres . Māori named Mount_Aspiring Tititea , which translates as Glistening Peak . Named in december 1857 by the Chief Surveyor for the Otago Province , John Turnbull Thompson . eos
Tititea , which translates as Glistening Peak . Named in december 1857 by the Chief Surveyor for the Otago Province , John Turnbull Thompson . Mount_Aspiring lies at the junction of three major glacial systems - the Bonar Glacier , which drains into the Waipara River , and the Volta and Therma Glaciers , which both drain into the Waitoto River . eos
lies at the junction of three major glacial systems - the Bonar Glacier , which drains into the Waipara River , and the Volta and Therma Glaciers , which both drain into the Waitoto River . The Waipara is a tributary of the Arawhata River , and both the Arawhata and Waitoto Rivers flow out to the west coast in between Haast and Jackson Bay . Mount_Aspiring is usually accessed via the West Matukituki Valley , which is reached by a 50-kilometre road from Wanaka to a trailhead at Raspberry Flat . eos
is usually accessed via the West Matukituki Valley , which is reached by a 50-kilometre road from Wanaka to a trailhead at Raspberry Flat . From here a network of huts provide staging points for climbers . The first is Mt Aspiring Hut , which is 8 kilometres ( or approximately two hours ' walk ) from the trailhead . eos
is a high peak of the Saint Elias Mountains on the border between the US state of Alaska and the Canadian territory of Yukon . eos
( elevation 10,778 feet , 3,285 m ) is a glaciated andesitic stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and the Cascades of Washington State in the United States about due east of the city of Bellingham , Whatcom County . Mount_Baker is also easily visible from much of Greater Victoria , Greater Vancouver and the Fraser Valley just across the Canadian border to the north , and especially from the communities of Mission and Abbotsford , both about 28 mi east of Vancouver , BC - as well as from some locations in Everett and even Seattle to the southwest . Local Native Americans call Mount_Baker ` ` Koma Kulshan , '' but the explorer George Vancouver named Mount_Baker for 3rd Lieutenant Joseph Baker of the HMS Discovery , who on april 30 , 1792 became the first European to see Mount_Baker . eos
is also easily visible from much of Greater Victoria , Greater Vancouver and the Fraser Valley just across the Canadian border to the north , and especially from the communities of Mission and Abbotsford , both about 28 mi east of Vancouver , BC - as well as from some locations in Everett and even Seattle to the southwest . Local Native Americans call Mount_Baker ` ` Koma Kulshan , '' but the explorer George Vancouver named Mount_Baker for 3rd Lieutenant Joseph Baker of the HMS Discovery , who on april 30 , 1792 became the first European to see Mount_Baker . After Mount Rainier , Mount_Baker is the most heavily glaciated of the Cascade volcanoes : the volume of snow and ice on Mount_Baker ( 0.43 cubic miles , 1.8 cubic kilometers ) is greater than that of all the other Cascades volcanoes ( except Rainier ) combined . eos
` ` Koma Kulshan , '' but the explorer George Vancouver named Mount_Baker for 3rd Lieutenant Joseph Baker of the HMS Discovery , who on april 30 , 1792 became the first European to see Mount_Baker . After Mount Rainier , Mount_Baker is the most heavily glaciated of the Cascade volcanoes : the volume of snow and ice on Mount_Baker ( 0.43 cubic miles , 1.8 cubic kilometers ) is greater than that of all the other Cascades volcanoes ( except Rainier ) combined . Mount_Baker is also one of the snowiest places in the world : in 1999 , Mount Baker Ski Area , located on a subsidiary peak , set the world record for snowfall in a single season . eos
for 3rd Lieutenant Joseph Baker of the HMS Discovery , who on april 30 , 1792 became the first European to see Mount_Baker . After Mount Rainier , Mount_Baker is the most heavily glaciated of the Cascade volcanoes : the volume of snow and ice on Mount_Baker ( 0.43 cubic miles , 1.8 cubic kilometers ) is greater than that of all the other Cascades volcanoes ( except Rainier ) combined . Mount_Baker is also one of the snowiest places in the world : in 1999 , Mount Baker Ski Area , located on a subsidiary peak , set the world record for snowfall in a single season . eos
. After Mount Rainier , Mount_Baker is the most heavily glaciated of the Cascade volcanoes : the volume of snow and ice on Mount_Baker ( 0.43 cubic miles , 1.8 cubic kilometers ) is greater than that of all the other Cascades volcanoes ( except Rainier ) combined . Mount_Baker is also one of the snowiest places in the world : in 1999 , Mount Baker Ski Area , located on a subsidiary peak , set the world record for snowfall in a single season . eos
is the most heavily glaciated of the Cascade volcanoes : the volume of snow and ice on Mount_Baker ( 0.43 cubic miles , 1.8 cubic kilometers ) is greater than that of all the other Cascades volcanoes ( except Rainier ) combined . Mount_Baker is also one of the snowiest places in the world : in 1999 , Mount Baker Ski Area , located on a subsidiary peak , set the world record for snowfall in a single season . ( 1,140 inches/95 feet/2 , 896 cm ) . eos
( 0.43 cubic miles , 1.8 cubic kilometers ) is greater than that of all the other Cascades volcanoes ( except Rainier ) combined . Mount_Baker is also one of the snowiest places in the world : in 1999 , Mount Baker Ski Area , located on a subsidiary peak , set the world record for snowfall in a single season . ( 1,140 inches/95 feet/2 , 896 cm ) . eos
is also one of the snowiest places in the world : in 1999 , Mount Baker Ski Area , located on a subsidiary peak , set the world record for snowfall in a single season . ( 1,140 inches/95 feet/2 , 896 cm ) . eos
is a mountain located on the Continental Divide , on the borders of Banff and Kootenay national parks in Canada . Mount_Ball is the highest peak of the Ball Range . Mount_Ball was named in 1858 by James Hector after John Ball , a politician who helped secure funding for the Palliser Expedition . eos
is the highest peak of the Ball Range . Mount_Ball was named in 1858 by James Hector after John Ball , a politician who helped secure funding for the Palliser Expedition . Mount_Ball can be ascended from a scrambling route by late summer but Mount_Ball involves remote bushwacking , which limits the number of attempts per year . eos
was named in 1858 by James Hector after John Ball , a politician who helped secure funding for the Palliser Expedition . Mount_Ball can be ascended from a scrambling route by late summer but Mount_Ball involves remote bushwacking , which limits the number of attempts per year . eos
can be ascended from a scrambling route by late summer but Mount_Ball involves remote bushwacking , which limits the number of attempts per year . eos
involves remote bushwacking , which limits the number of attempts per year . eos
is the highest mountain in Morobe Province , Papua New Guinea . Mount_Bangeta lies in the Saruwaged Range and at 4121 m Mount_Bangeta is one of the highest mountains in the country . eos
lies in the Saruwaged Range and at 4121 m Mount_Bangeta is one of the highest mountains in the country . eos
is one of the highest mountains in the country . eos
is a large mountain in the center of Baranof Island , Alaska - close to the town of Sitka . Mount_Bassie is a massive hulk of rock , Mount_Bassie footprint covering nearly five square miles . Mount_Bassie is bordered by the Blue Lake and Medvejie Lake watersheds and the Baranof River watershed , effectively splitting the island in two ( one can see both Chatham Strait and the Pacific Ocean from the peak or surrounding ridges ) . eos
is a massive hulk of rock , Mount_Bassie footprint covering nearly five square miles . Mount_Bassie is bordered by the Blue Lake and Medvejie Lake watersheds and the Baranof River watershed , effectively splitting the island in two ( one can see both Chatham Strait and the Pacific Ocean from the peak or surrounding ridges ) . Mount_Bassie is adjacent to Camp Lake from which ascents typically originate . eos
footprint covering nearly five square miles . Mount_Bassie is bordered by the Blue Lake and Medvejie Lake watersheds and the Baranof River watershed , effectively splitting the island in two ( one can see both Chatham Strait and the Pacific Ocean from the peak or surrounding ridges ) . Mount_Bassie is adjacent to Camp Lake from which ascents typically originate . eos
is bordered by the Blue Lake and Medvejie Lake watersheds and the Baranof River watershed , effectively splitting the island in two ( one can see both Chatham Strait and the Pacific Ocean from the peak or surrounding ridges ) . Mount_Bassie is adjacent to Camp Lake from which ascents typically originate . Mount_Bassie is fairly isolated in terms of sister peaks and Mount_Bassie has only two modest lower ridges running off the south and north sides of Mount_Bassie . eos
is adjacent to Camp Lake from which ascents typically originate . Mount_Bassie is fairly isolated in terms of sister peaks and Mount_Bassie has only two modest lower ridges running off the south and north sides of Mount_Bassie . The rest of Mount_Bassie slopes down steeply into surrounding river valleys . eos
is fairly isolated in terms of sister peaks and Mount_Bassie has only two modest lower ridges running off the south and north sides of Mount_Bassie . The rest of Mount_Bassie slopes down steeply into surrounding river valleys . Mount_Bassie is rarely summitted , although the western face is frequently traversed on the Baranof Cross - Island Trail . eos
has only two modest lower ridges running off the south and north sides of Mount_Bassie . The rest of Mount_Bassie slopes down steeply into surrounding river valleys . Mount_Bassie is rarely summitted , although the western face is frequently traversed on the Baranof Cross - Island Trail . eos
. The rest of Mount_Bassie slopes down steeply into surrounding river valleys . Mount_Bassie is rarely summitted , although the western face is frequently traversed on the Baranof Cross - Island Trail . eos
slopes down steeply into surrounding river valleys . Mount_Bassie is rarely summitted , although the western face is frequently traversed on the Baranof Cross - Island Trail . eos
is rarely summitted , although the western face is frequently traversed on the Baranof Cross - Island Trail . eos
( Gunung Batur ) is located at the center of two concentric calderas north west of Mount Agung , Bali , Indonesia . The south east side of the larger 10 × 13 km caldera contains a caldera lake . The inner 7.5-kilometer - wide caldera , which was formed during emplacement of the Bali ( or Ubud ) eos
has produced vents over much of the inner caldera , but a NE - SW fissure system has localized the Batur I , II , and III craters along the summit ridge . Historical eruptions have been characterized by mild - to - moderate explosive activity sometimes accompanied by lava emission . Basaltic lava flows from both summit and flank vents have reached the caldera floor and the shores of Lake Batur in historical time . eos
was in 1804 , and Mount_Batur has been frequently active since then . eos
has been frequently active since then . eos
is a peak along the crest of the Sierra Nevada Mountains in California , USA . Mount_Baxter_California lies within the John Muir Wilderness , just north of Baxter Pass . A flock of protected bighorn sheep live in the vicinity of Mount_Baxter_California . eos
lies within the John Muir Wilderness , just north of Baxter Pass . A flock of protected bighorn sheep live in the vicinity of Mount_Baxter_California . Because of this , access to Mount_Baxter_California is limited to december 15 through july 1 of every year . eos
. Because of this , access to Mount_Baxter_California is limited to december 15 through july 1 of every year . Mount_Baxter_California is to the northeast of the Rae Lakes , a popular backpacking destination along the John Muir Trail . eos
is limited to december 15 through july 1 of every year . Mount_Baxter_California is to the northeast of the Rae Lakes , a popular backpacking destination along the John Muir Trail . Mount_Baxter_California was probably named after John Baxter , a rancher in Owens Valley . eos
is to the northeast of the Rae Lakes , a popular backpacking destination along the John Muir Trail . Mount_Baxter_California was probably named after John Baxter , a rancher in Owens Valley . eos
was probably named after John Baxter , a rancher in Owens Valley . eos
is a high , glaciated peak in the Saint Elias Range of Alaska . Mount_Bear lies within Wrangell - Saint Elias National Park , about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) west of the Yukon border . The Barnard Glacier flows from Mount_Bear southwest slopes , while the Klutlan Glacier lies to the north . eos
lies within Wrangell - Saint Elias National Park , about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) west of the Yukon border . The Barnard Glacier flows from Mount_Bear southwest slopes , while the Klutlan Glacier lies to the north . Mount_Bear principal claim to fame is that Mount_Bear is a fourteener , and in fact one of the highest 20 peaks in the United States . eos
southwest slopes , while the Klutlan Glacier lies to the north . Mount_Bear principal claim to fame is that Mount_Bear is a fourteener , and in fact one of the highest 20 peaks in the United States . Despite Mount_Bear height , Mount_Bear is a little - visited peak , being surrounded by higher and better - known peaks such as Mount Bona on the west , and Mount Lucania and Mount Logan on the east . eos
principal claim to fame is that Mount_Bear is a fourteener , and in fact one of the highest 20 peaks in the United States . Despite Mount_Bear height , Mount_Bear is a little - visited peak , being surrounded by higher and better - known peaks such as Mount Bona on the west , and Mount Lucania and Mount Logan on the east . However Mount_Bear is a large peak even in relative terms : for example , the drop from the summit to the Barnard Glacier is 8,000 feet ( 2440 m ) in less than 5 miles ( 8 km ) , and 10,000 feet ( 3048 m ) in less than 12 miles ( 19.3 km ) . eos
is a fourteener , and in fact one of the highest 20 peaks in the United States . Despite Mount_Bear height , Mount_Bear is a little - visited peak , being surrounded by higher and better - known peaks such as Mount Bona on the west , and Mount Lucania and Mount Logan on the east . However Mount_Bear is a large peak even in relative terms : for example , the drop from the summit to the Barnard Glacier is 8,000 feet ( 2440 m ) in less than 5 miles ( 8 km ) , and 10,000 feet ( 3048 m ) in less than 12 miles ( 19.3 km ) . eos
height , Mount_Bear is a little - visited peak , being surrounded by higher and better - known peaks such as Mount Bona on the west , and Mount Lucania and Mount Logan on the east . However Mount_Bear is a large peak even in relative terms : for example , the drop from the summit to the Barnard Glacier is 8,000 feet ( 2440 m ) in less than 5 miles ( 8 km ) , and 10,000 feet ( 3048 m ) in less than 12 miles ( 19.3 km ) . eos
is a little - visited peak , being surrounded by higher and better - known peaks such as Mount Bona on the west , and Mount Lucania and Mount Logan on the east . However Mount_Bear is a large peak even in relative terms : for example , the drop from the summit to the Barnard Glacier is 8,000 feet ( 2440 m ) in less than 5 miles ( 8 km ) , and 10,000 feet ( 3048 m ) in less than 12 miles ( 19.3 km ) . eos
is a large peak even in relative terms : for example , the drop from the summit to the Barnard Glacier is 8,000 feet ( 2440 m ) in less than 5 miles ( 8 km ) , and 10,000 feet ( 3048 m ) in less than 12 miles ( 19.3 km ) . eos
is a mountain peak over fourteen thousand feet in elevation in the US state of Colorado . Mount_Belford is located in the Collegiate Peaks , a group of mountains in the central Sawatch Range , just west of the Arkansas River in Chaffee County . Mount_Belford lies near Mount Oxford and Missouri Mountain , and Mount_Belford is often climbed in conjunction with one or both of these peaks . eos
is located in the Collegiate Peaks , a group of mountains in the central Sawatch Range , just west of the Arkansas River in Chaffee County . Mount_Belford lies near Mount Oxford and Missouri Mountain , and Mount_Belford is often climbed in conjunction with one or both of these peaks . Mount_Belford is located in the San Isabel National Forest . eos
lies near Mount Oxford and Missouri Mountain , and Mount_Belford is often climbed in conjunction with one or both of these peaks . Mount_Belford is located in the San Isabel National Forest . eos
is often climbed in conjunction with one or both of these peaks . Mount_Belford is located in the San Isabel National Forest . eos
is located in the San Isabel National Forest . eos
is the sixth highest volcano in Antarctica , located 16 km west of Mount Moulton in Marie Byrd Land near the eastern coast of the Ross Sea . Mount_Berlin is composed of two coalesced shield volcanoes : Marren Peak and Berlin Crater . The volcanic structure is considered active , as steaming fumaroles have been observed near the rim of the northern and western calderas , producing fumarolic ice towers . eos
is composed of two coalesced shield volcanoes : Marren Peak and Berlin Crater . The volcanic structure is considered active , as steaming fumaroles have been observed near the rim of the northern and western calderas , producing fumarolic ice towers . Discovered by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition on flights to the NE and E of Little America in november - december 1934 . eos
is a part . Named by the US - SCAN for Leonard M Berlin , leader of the USAS party which sledged to Mount_Berlin in december 1940 . eos
in december 1940 . eos
( Indonesian : Gunung Binaia ) is the highest point on the Indonesian island of Seram ( or Ceram ) . Mount_Binaiya is one of the one hundred most topographically prominent peaks on Earth . eos
is one of the one hundred most topographically prominent peaks on Earth . eos
is located in Gallatin National Forest , in the US state of Montana . Located near the East Gallatin River , Gallatin County , Mount_Blackmore is in the Gallatin Range . Ferdinand Vandeveer Hayden 's survey expedition of the Yellowstone area named Mount_Blackmore for Mary Blackmore , wife of William Blackmore , an English land speculator and philanthropist who accompanied the Hayden Survey . eos
is in the Gallatin Range . Ferdinand Vandeveer Hayden 's survey expedition of the Yellowstone area named Mount_Blackmore for Mary Blackmore , wife of William Blackmore , an English land speculator and philanthropist who accompanied the Hayden Survey . Mary Blackmore contracted pneumonia and died in Bozeman , Montana during the early summer of 1872 . eos
for Mary Blackmore , wife of William Blackmore , an English land speculator and philanthropist who accompanied the Hayden Survey . Mary Blackmore contracted pneumonia and died in Bozeman , Montana during the early summer of 1872 . eos
is one of the major mountains of the Saint Elias Mountains in eastern Alaska , and Mount_Bona is the fifth highest independent peak in the United States . Mount_Bona and Mount_Bona adjacent neighbor Mount Churchill are both large ice - covered stratovolcanoes . Mount_Bona has the distinction of being the highest volcano in the United States and the fourth highest in North America , outranked only by the three highest Mexican volcanoes , Pico de Orizaba , Popocatépetl , and Iztaccíhuatl . eos
is the fifth highest independent peak in the United States . Mount_Bona and Mount_Bona adjacent neighbor Mount Churchill are both large ice - covered stratovolcanoes . Mount_Bona has the distinction of being the highest volcano in the United States and the fourth highest in North America , outranked only by the three highest Mexican volcanoes , Pico de Orizaba , Popocatépetl , and Iztaccíhuatl . eos
and Mount_Bona adjacent neighbor Mount Churchill are both large ice - covered stratovolcanoes . Mount_Bona has the distinction of being the highest volcano in the United States and the fourth highest in North America , outranked only by the three highest Mexican volcanoes , Pico de Orizaba , Popocatépetl , and Iztaccíhuatl . Mount_Bona massif is covered almost entirely by icefields and glaciers , and it is the principal source of ice for the Klutlan Glacier , which flows east for over 40 mi into the Yukon Territory of Canada . eos
adjacent neighbor Mount Churchill are both large ice - covered stratovolcanoes . Mount_Bona has the distinction of being the highest volcano in the United States and the fourth highest in North America , outranked only by the three highest Mexican volcanoes , Pico de Orizaba , Popocatépetl , and Iztaccíhuatl . Mount_Bona massif is covered almost entirely by icefields and glaciers , and it is the principal source of ice for the Klutlan Glacier , which flows east for over 40 mi into the Yukon Territory of Canada . eos
has the distinction of being the highest volcano in the United States and the fourth highest in North America , outranked only by the three highest Mexican volcanoes , Pico de Orizaba , Popocatépetl , and Iztaccíhuatl . Mount_Bona massif is covered almost entirely by icefields and glaciers , and it is the principal source of ice for the Klutlan Glacier , which flows east for over 40 mi into the Yukon Territory of Canada . Mount_Bona also contributes a large volume of ice to the north - flowing Russell Glacier system . eos
massif is covered almost entirely by icefields and glaciers , and it is the principal source of ice for the Klutlan Glacier , which flows east for over 40 mi into the Yukon Territory of Canada . Mount_Bona also contributes a large volume of ice to the north - flowing Russell Glacier system . Mount_Bona was named by Prince Luigi Amedeo , Duke of the Abruzzi in 1897 , who saw the peak while making the first ascent of Mount Saint Elias about 80 miles ( 130 km ) to the southeast . eos
also contributes a large volume of ice to the north - flowing Russell Glacier system . Mount_Bona was named by Prince Luigi Amedeo , Duke of the Abruzzi in 1897 , who saw the peak while making the first ascent of Mount Saint Elias about 80 miles ( 130 km ) to the southeast . He named Mount_Bona after the Bona , his racing yacht . eos
was named by Prince Luigi Amedeo , Duke of the Abruzzi in 1897 , who saw the peak while making the first ascent of Mount Saint Elias about 80 miles ( 130 km ) to the southeast . He named Mount_Bona after the Bona , his racing yacht . Mount_Bona was first climbed in 1930 by Allen Carpé , Terris Moore , and Andrew Taylor , from the Russell Glacier on the west of the peak . eos
after the Bona , his racing yacht . Mount_Bona was first climbed in 1930 by Allen Carpé , Terris Moore , and Andrew Taylor , from the Russell Glacier on the west of the peak . The current standard route is the East Ridge ; a climb of nearby Mount Churchill is a relatively easy addition via this route as well . eos
was first climbed in 1930 by Allen Carpé , Terris Moore , and Andrew Taylor , from the Russell Glacier on the west of the peak . The current standard route is the East Ridge ; a climb of nearby Mount Churchill is a relatively easy addition via this route as well . eos
is the remnants of a former stratovolcano created nearly 60 million years ago . Between four and six different glacial periods over the past 50 million years have eroded the volcano to produce Mount_Boucherie . eos
. eos
or the Brandon Mountain ( Irish : Sliabh Bhreandáin or Cnoc Bréanainn ) is a mountain on the Dingle Peninsula , in Co. . eos
takes Mount_Brandon name from Saint Brendan ` ` The Navigator '' , who legend suggests climbed to the summit around AD 530 to see The Americas , before setting sail . The small village of Brandon lies at the foot of Mount_Brandon , on the north side . Mount_Brandon is part of the unnamed central mountain range of the Dingle Peninsula , which were formed 300 million years ago , and forming an impressive high ridge which extends for across the peninsula and taking in the other peaks of Barr an Ghéaráin ( Brandon Peak ) , Piaras Mór , and Más an Tiompán , . eos
name from Saint Brendan ` ` The Navigator '' , who legend suggests climbed to the summit around AD 530 to see The Americas , before setting sail . The small village of Brandon lies at the foot of Mount_Brandon , on the north side . Mount_Brandon is part of the unnamed central mountain range of the Dingle Peninsula , which were formed 300 million years ago , and forming an impressive high ridge which extends for across the peninsula and taking in the other peaks of Barr an Ghéaráin ( Brandon Peak ) , Piaras Mór , and Más an Tiompán , . eos
, on the north side . Mount_Brandon is part of the unnamed central mountain range of the Dingle Peninsula , which were formed 300 million years ago , and forming an impressive high ridge which extends for across the peninsula and taking in the other peaks of Barr an Ghéaráin ( Brandon Peak ) , Piaras Mór , and Más an Tiompán , . Mount_Brandon owes Mount_Brandon craggy shape thanks to the work of local glaciers during the Ice age , which gouged out a series of corries ( cooms ) on the eastern flank of Mount_Brandon . eos
is part of the unnamed central mountain range of the Dingle Peninsula , which were formed 300 million years ago , and forming an impressive high ridge which extends for across the peninsula and taking in the other peaks of Barr an Ghéaráin ( Brandon Peak ) , Piaras Mór , and Más an Tiompán , . Mount_Brandon owes Mount_Brandon craggy shape thanks to the work of local glaciers during the Ice age , which gouged out a series of corries ( cooms ) on the eastern flank of Mount_Brandon . Running in a line almost all the way to the summit are the Pater Noster Lakes , a series of rock steps each of which are occupied by a lake , the largest being Loch Cruite . eos
owes Mount_Brandon craggy shape thanks to the work of local glaciers during the Ice age , which gouged out a series of corries ( cooms ) on the eastern flank of Mount_Brandon . Running in a line almost all the way to the summit are the Pater Noster Lakes , a series of rock steps each of which are occupied by a lake , the largest being Loch Cruite . The summit of Mount_Brandon is rounded and smooth due to the fact that it was never covered by ice , and presents a stark contrast to the conical top of Brandon Peak , which is almost Alpine in appearance . eos
craggy shape thanks to the work of local glaciers during the Ice age , which gouged out a series of corries ( cooms ) on the eastern flank of Mount_Brandon . Running in a line almost all the way to the summit are the Pater Noster Lakes , a series of rock steps each of which are occupied by a lake , the largest being Loch Cruite . The summit of Mount_Brandon is rounded and smooth due to the fact that it was never covered by ice , and presents a stark contrast to the conical top of Brandon Peak , which is almost Alpine in appearance . eos
. Running in a line almost all the way to the summit are the Pater Noster Lakes , a series of rock steps each of which are occupied by a lake , the largest being Loch Cruite . The summit of Mount_Brandon is rounded and smooth due to the fact that it was never covered by ice , and presents a stark contrast to the conical top of Brandon Peak , which is almost Alpine in appearance . eos
is rounded and smooth due to the fact that it was never covered by ice , and presents a stark contrast to the conical top of Brandon Peak , which is almost Alpine in appearance . The Western slope of Mount_Brandon presents a huge contrast from Mount_Brandon eastern side , facing into the sun , it largely escaped the gouging effect of the glaciers , with the result that it presents an almost unbroken grassy slope . eos
presents a huge contrast from Mount_Brandon eastern side , facing into the sun , it largely escaped the gouging effect of the glaciers , with the result that it presents an almost unbroken grassy slope . eos
eastern side , facing into the sun , it largely escaped the gouging effect of the glaciers , with the result that it presents an almost unbroken grassy slope . eos
is a mountain in Alberta , Canada . Mount_Brazeau is located in the upper Coronet Creek Valley of Jasper National Park , and Mount_Brazeau stands west of the Coronet Glacier and south of Maligne Lake . Mount_Brazeau was named in 1902 by Arthur P Coleman after Joseph Edward Brazeau , who had provided his translation skills to the Palliser Expedition . eos
is located in the upper Coronet Creek Valley of Jasper National Park , and Mount_Brazeau stands west of the Coronet Glacier and south of Maligne Lake . Mount_Brazeau was named in 1902 by Arthur P Coleman after Joseph Edward Brazeau , who had provided his translation skills to the Palliser Expedition . eos
stands west of the Coronet Glacier and south of Maligne Lake . Mount_Brazeau was named in 1902 by Arthur P Coleman after Joseph Edward Brazeau , who had provided his translation skills to the Palliser Expedition . eos
was named in 1902 by Arthur P Coleman after Joseph Edward Brazeau , who had provided his translation skills to the Palliser Expedition . eos
is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado , located approximately 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) south of Mount Lincoln in the Mosquito Range . Mount_Bross lies in northwestern Park County . With a topographic prominence in the range of 292 to 332 feet ( 89 to 101 m ) , Mount_Bross barely qualifies as an independent peak by the standard 300 foot prominence rule . eos
lies in northwestern Park County . With a topographic prominence in the range of 292 to 332 feet ( 89 to 101 m ) , Mount_Bross barely qualifies as an independent peak by the standard 300 foot prominence rule . Mount_Bross is often climbed together with Mount Lincoln and nearby Mount Democrat . eos
barely qualifies as an independent peak by the standard 300 foot prominence rule . Mount_Bross is often climbed together with Mount Lincoln and nearby Mount Democrat . For more information on this group of peaks , including access issues , see Mount Lincoln . eos
is often climbed together with Mount Lincoln and nearby Mount Democrat . For more information on this group of peaks , including access issues , see Mount Lincoln . eos
is a mountain at the southwestern corner of the Columbia Icefield , in British Columbia near the border with Alberta . Mount_Bryce can be seen from the Icefields Parkway . Mount_Bryce was named in 1898 by J Norman Collie after Viscount James Bryce , who was President of the Alpine Club in London at the time . eos
can be seen from the Icefields Parkway . Mount_Bryce was named in 1898 by J Norman Collie after Viscount James Bryce , who was President of the Alpine Club in London at the time . Mount_Bryce is the fifteenth highest peak in British Columbia . eos
was named in 1898 by J Norman Collie after Viscount James Bryce , who was President of the Alpine Club in London at the time . Mount_Bryce is the fifteenth highest peak in British Columbia . However Mount_Bryce is more notable for Mount_Bryce large local relief above the nearby valleys to the south , east , and west . eos
is the fifteenth highest peak in British Columbia . However Mount_Bryce is more notable for Mount_Bryce large local relief above the nearby valleys to the south , east , and west . To the north Mount_Bryce is connected by ridges to the Columbia Icefield . eos
is more notable for Mount_Bryce large local relief above the nearby valleys to the south , east , and west . To the north Mount_Bryce is connected by ridges to the Columbia Icefield . Mount_Bryce is rarely climbed due to difficult access . eos
large local relief above the nearby valleys to the south , east , and west . To the north Mount_Bryce is connected by ridges to the Columbia Icefield . Mount_Bryce is rarely climbed due to difficult access . eos
is connected by ridges to the Columbia Icefield . Mount_Bryce is rarely climbed due to difficult access . eos
is rarely climbed due to difficult access . eos
is a mountain in the Australian Alps . The summit of Mount_Buller_Victoria can be reached by vehicle via the village coupled with a 500 m short walk . It is also possible to climb Mount_Buller_Victoria from Delatite river level you can follow the Klingsporn walking track . eos
can be reached by vehicle via the village coupled with a 500 m short walk . It is also possible to climb Mount_Buller_Victoria from Delatite river level you can follow the Klingsporn walking track . The Klingsporn track was the bridle trail in days gone by when stockmen would take their cattle up high for the summer months . eos
from Delatite river level you can follow the Klingsporn walking track . The Klingsporn track was the bridle trail in days gone by when stockmen would take their cattle up high for the summer months . The walk begins at Merimbah and is a 8 km walk on a well defined track . eos
is an active volcano in Cameroon near the Gulf of Guinea . Mount_Cameroon is also known as Cameroon Mountain or Fako ( the name of the higher of Mount_Cameroon two peaks ) or by Mount_Cameroon native name Mongo eos
is also known as Cameroon Mountain or Fako ( the name of the higher of Mount_Cameroon two peaks ) or by Mount_Cameroon native name Mongo ma Ndemi ( ` ` Mountain of Greatness '' ) . eos
two peaks ) or by Mount_Cameroon native name Mongo ma Ndemi ( ` ` Mountain of Greatness '' ) . eos
native name Mongo ma Ndemi ( ` ` Mountain of Greatness '' ) . eos
, in Mount Carleton Provincial Park , is the highest elevation in the Canadian province of New Brunswick , and Mount_Carleton is also the highest peak in the Canadian Maritime Provinces . Mount_Carleton is one of the highlights of the Canadian portion of the International Appalachian Trail . Mount_Carleton was named after Thomas Carleton , New Brunswick 's first governor . eos
is also the highest peak in the Canadian Maritime Provinces . Mount_Carleton is one of the highlights of the Canadian portion of the International Appalachian Trail . Mount_Carleton was named after Thomas Carleton , New Brunswick 's first governor . eos
is one of the highlights of the Canadian portion of the International Appalachian Trail . Mount_Carleton was named after Thomas Carleton , New Brunswick 's first governor . Before aerial surveillance was extensively used , a hut was maintained on the summit for fire - spotting in the remote north - central part of the province . eos
was named after Thomas Carleton , New Brunswick 's first governor . Before aerial surveillance was extensively used , a hut was maintained on the summit for fire - spotting in the remote north - central part of the province . A very similar hut was maintained on Big Bald Mountain . eos
is a monadnock , an erosional remnant of resistant igneous rocks that remained after an ancient Mesozoic peneplain surface was uplifted in the Cenozoic to form a plateau , and subsequently dissected via millions of years of erosion by wind , water and glacial ice . Mount_Carleton consists of 400 million - year - old rhyolitic and basaltic volcanics . eos
consists of 400 million - year - old rhyolitic and basaltic volcanics . eos
( known as Mont D'Iberville in Quebec ) is a mountain located on the border between Labrador and Quebec in the Selamiut Range of the Torngat Mountains . Mount_Caubvick is the highest point in mainland Canada east of Alberta . Mount_Caubvick relatively low elevation disguises a massive peak that rises sharply from nearby sea levels . eos
is the highest point in mainland Canada east of Alberta . Mount_Caubvick relatively low elevation disguises a massive peak that rises sharply from nearby sea levels . Craggy ridges , steep cirques and glaciers are prominent features of the peak . eos
relatively low elevation disguises a massive peak that rises sharply from nearby sea levels . Craggy ridges , steep cirques and glaciers are prominent features of the peak . Mount_Caubvick was named Mont d'Iberville by the Quebec government in 1971 . eos
was named Mont d'Iberville by the Quebec government in 1971 . Mount_Caubvick remained nameless on the Labrador side for several years , Mount_Caubvick became unofficially know as L1 , L for Labrador and 1 for highest . In 1981 , on the suggestion of Dr. Peter Neary , the provincial government named Mount_Caubvick after one of the five Inuit who accompanied George Cartwright to England in 1772 . eos
remained nameless on the Labrador side for several years , Mount_Caubvick became unofficially know as L1 , L for Labrador and 1 for highest . In 1981 , on the suggestion of Dr. Peter Neary , the provincial government named Mount_Caubvick after one of the five Inuit who accompanied George Cartwright to England in 1772 . Mount_Caubvick also hosts the highest point in both the province of Newfoundland and Labrador and Quebec , although the summit itself lies about 10 metres northeast of the Quebec provincial border and is entirely within Labrador . eos
became unofficially know as L1 , L for Labrador and 1 for highest . In 1981 , on the suggestion of Dr. Peter Neary , the provincial government named Mount_Caubvick after one of the five Inuit who accompanied George Cartwright to England in 1772 . Mount_Caubvick also hosts the highest point in both the province of Newfoundland and Labrador and Quebec , although the summit itself lies about 10 metres northeast of the Quebec provincial border and is entirely within Labrador . eos
after one of the five Inuit who accompanied George Cartwright to England in 1772 . Mount_Caubvick also hosts the highest point in both the province of Newfoundland and Labrador and Quebec , although the summit itself lies about 10 metres northeast of the Quebec provincial border and is entirely within Labrador . eos
also hosts the highest point in both the province of Newfoundland and Labrador and Quebec , although the summit itself lies about 10 metres northeast of the Quebec provincial border and is entirely within Labrador . eos
is a mountain located on Vancouver Island , British Columbia . Mount_Celeste shares the name Celeste with two peaks in the BC Cariboo . Within the boundaries of Strathcona Provincial Park , Mount_Celeste lies at the north end of Rees Ridge . eos
shares the name Celeste with two peaks in the BC Cariboo . Within the boundaries of Strathcona Provincial Park , Mount_Celeste lies at the north end of Rees Ridge . Iceberg Peak lies at the south end of this ridge . eos
lies at the north end of Rees Ridge . Iceberg Peak lies at the south end of this ridge . eos
is a mountain located in the Mistaya River Valley of Banff National Park , Canada . Mount_Chephren was named after Chephren , the pharaon . Mount_Chephren was originally named Pyramid Mountain in 1897 by J Norman Collie , but it conflicted with an identically named peak in Jasper National Park , so Mount_Chephren was renamed in 1918 to Mount_Chephren present name . eos
was named after Chephren , the pharaon . Mount_Chephren was originally named Pyramid Mountain in 1897 by J Norman Collie , but it conflicted with an identically named peak in Jasper National Park , so Mount_Chephren was renamed in 1918 to Mount_Chephren present name . eos
was originally named Pyramid Mountain in 1897 by J Norman Collie , but it conflicted with an identically named peak in Jasper National Park , so Mount_Chephren was renamed in 1918 to Mount_Chephren present name . eos
was renamed in 1918 to Mount_Chephren present name . eos
present name . eos
is located in the Smith - Dorrien Creek Valley of Kananaskis in the Canadian Rockies . Mount_Chester was named in 1917 after HMS Chester , which was severely damaged in the Battle of Jutland . eos
was named in 1917 after HMS Chester , which was severely damaged in the Battle of Jutland . eos
is a stratovolcano in Alaska . In late 2004 or early 2005 , a wide crater lake formed from meltwater within the summit crater . In july 2005 , the southern crater rim was breached and the lake partially drained , producing a lahar with an estimated volume of 197000000 cuft which ran for over 17 mi downstream . eos
is a volcano in the Saint Elias Mountains and the Wrangell Volcanic Field of eastern Alaska . Mount_Churchill and Mount_Churchill higher neighbor Mount Bona about 2 mi to the southwest are both large ice - covered stratovolcanoes , with Mount_Churchill being the fourth highest volcano in the United States and the seventh highest in North America . eos
and Mount_Churchill higher neighbor Mount Bona about 2 mi to the southwest are both large ice - covered stratovolcanoes , with Mount_Churchill being the fourth highest volcano in the United States and the seventh highest in North America . eos
higher neighbor Mount Bona about 2 mi to the southwest are both large ice - covered stratovolcanoes , with Mount_Churchill being the fourth highest volcano in the United States and the seventh highest in North America . eos
being the fourth highest volcano in the United States and the seventh highest in North America . eos
is the fourth highest mountain in the Canadian Rockies . Mount_Clemenceau was originally named ` ` Pyramid '' in 1892 by Arthur Coleman . Mount_Clemenceau was renamed by the Interprovincial Boundary Survey in 1919 to Mount_Clemenceau present name , which is for Georges Clemenceau , premier of France during World War eos
was originally named ` ` Pyramid '' in 1892 by Arthur Coleman . Mount_Clemenceau was renamed by the Interprovincial Boundary Survey in 1919 to Mount_Clemenceau present name , which is for Georges Clemenceau , premier of France during World War I Mount_Clemenceau was first climbed in 1923 by DB Durand , HS Hall , WD Harris and HB De V Schwab . eos
was renamed by the Interprovincial Boundary Survey in 1919 to Mount_Clemenceau present name , which is for Georges Clemenceau , premier of France during World War I Mount_Clemenceau was first climbed in 1923 by DB Durand , HS Hall , WD Harris and HB De V Schwab . eos
present name , which is for Georges Clemenceau , premier of France during World War I Mount_Clemenceau was first climbed in 1923 by DB Durand , HS Hall , WD Harris and HB De V Schwab . eos
was first climbed in 1923 by DB Durand , HS Hall , WD Harris and HB De V Schwab . eos
is a mountain in Yoho National Park , located on the western boundary of the Wapta Icefield in Canada . Mount_Collie was named in 1897 by Charles S Thompson after J Norman Collie , an accomplished mountaineer and early explorer of the Canadian Rockies . eos
was named in 1897 by Charles S Thompson after J Norman Collie , an accomplished mountaineer and early explorer of the Canadian Rockies . eos
is a mountain located on Vancouver Island , British Columbia . At 2135 m , Mount_Colonel_Foster is fouth the highest peak on the island . Mount_Colonel_Foster is regarded as the ` ` unrivalled alpine climbing mecca '' of British Columbia . eos
is fouth the highest peak on the island . Mount_Colonel_Foster is regarded as the ` ` unrivalled alpine climbing mecca '' of British Columbia . Mount_Colonel_Foster is located across the Elk River from Elkhorn Mountain . eos
is regarded as the ` ` unrivalled alpine climbing mecca '' of British Columbia . Mount_Colonel_Foster is located across the Elk River from Elkhorn Mountain . The east face is a 1,000 m wall . eos
is located across the Elk River from Elkhorn Mountain . The east face is a 1,000 m wall . eos
is the highest point in Alberta , Canada and the second highest peak in the Canadian Rockies . Mount_Columbia_Alberta is located on the border between Alberta and British Columbia in the Columbia Icefield . Mount_Columbia_Alberta was named in 1898 by J Norman Collie after the Columbia River . eos
is located on the border between Alberta and British Columbia in the Columbia Icefield . Mount_Columbia_Alberta was named in 1898 by J Norman Collie after the Columbia River . eos
was named in 1898 by J Norman Collie after the Columbia River . eos
is a mountain located in the Bow River Valley in southeast Banff National Park , Canada . Mount_Cory_Alberta was named in 1923 after William Wallace Cory , deputy minister of the Interior from 1905 to 1930 . eos
was named in 1923 after William Wallace Cory , deputy minister of the Interior from 1905 to 1930 . eos
( "" Persian : دماوند "" ) also known as Donbavand , is a dormant volcano in Iran . Located in the middle Alborz Range , adjacent to Varārū , Sesang , Gol - e Zard and Mīānrūd , Mount_Damavand is the highest point in both Iran and the wider Middle East . Mount_Damavand is also the highest volcano in all of Asia . eos
is the highest point in both Iran and the wider Middle East . Mount_Damavand is also the highest volcano in all of Asia . Though not volcanically active , there are fumaroles near the summit crater that deposit sulfur , which were most recently known to be active on july 6 , 2007 . eos
is also the highest volcano in all of Asia . Though not volcanically active , there are fumaroles near the summit crater that deposit sulfur , which were most recently known to be active on july 6 , 2007 . Mount_Damavand is located near the southern coast of the Caspian Sea , in Āmol county , Māzandarān , 66 km ( 41 miles ) eos
is located near the southern coast of the Caspian Sea , in Āmol county , Māzandarān , 66 km ( 41 miles ) northeast of Tehran . Mount_Damavand is , as any cursory reading of Persian literature will indicate , the Mount Olympus of Persian mythology . eos
is , as any cursory reading of Persian literature will indicate , the Mount Olympus of Persian mythology . The best major settlement for mount climbers is new Iranian Mountain Federation Camp in village Polour , located at the south of Mount_Damavand . eos
. eos
is a flat - topped mountain , named for evolution - theorist Charles Darwin , in the Sierra Nevada range in Fresno County , California Mount_Darwin_California is a popular climb . Mount_Darwin_California is located in the Kings Canyon National Park and the Inyo National Forest . Mount_Darwin_California was first climbed on august 12 , 1908 by Ernest Clayton Andrews , the Australian geologist , and Willard D Johnson . eos
is a popular climb . Mount_Darwin_California is located in the Kings Canyon National Park and the Inyo National Forest . Mount_Darwin_California was first climbed on august 12 , 1908 by Ernest Clayton Andrews , the Australian geologist , and Willard D Johnson . eos
is located in the Kings Canyon National Park and the Inyo National Forest . Mount_Darwin_California was first climbed on august 12 , 1908 by Ernest Clayton Andrews , the Australian geologist , and Willard D Johnson . The modern name of Mount_Darwin_California was given to Mount_Darwin_California in 1895 by Theodore S Solomons and E C. Bonner ( of the United States Geological Survey ) as part of a series of mountains named after naturalists . eos
was first climbed on august 12 , 1908 by Ernest Clayton Andrews , the Australian geologist , and Willard D Johnson . The modern name of Mount_Darwin_California was given to Mount_Darwin_California in 1895 by Theodore S Solomons and E C. Bonner ( of the United States Geological Survey ) as part of a series of mountains named after naturalists . Other nearby mountains include Mount Mendel , Mount Fiske , Mount Haeckel , Mount Huxley , Mount Spencer , and Mount Wallace . eos
was given to Mount_Darwin_California in 1895 by Theodore S Solomons and E C. Bonner ( of the United States Geological Survey ) as part of a series of mountains named after naturalists . Other nearby mountains include Mount Mendel , Mount Fiske , Mount Haeckel , Mount Huxley , Mount Spencer , and Mount Wallace . ( This assortment of mountains is also known as the Evolution Region . ) eos
in 1895 by Theodore S Solomons and E C. Bonner ( of the United States Geological Survey ) as part of a series of mountains named after naturalists . Other nearby mountains include Mount Mendel , Mount Fiske , Mount Haeckel , Mount Huxley , Mount Spencer , and Mount Wallace . ( This assortment of mountains is also known as the Evolution Region . ) eos
is a mountain in Contra Costa County , California in the San Francisco Bay Area , located south of the town of Clayton and northeast of Danville . Mount_Diablo is an isolated 3,849-foot ( 1,173 m ) upthrust peak Mount_Diablo is visible from most of the San Francisco Bay Area and much of northern California . Mount_Diablo appears from many angles to be a double pyramid and Mount_Diablo includes many subsidiary peaks , the largest and closest of which is the other half of the double pyramid , North Peak , nearly as high in elevation at 3,557 feet ( 1,084 m ) . eos
is an isolated 3,849-foot ( 1,173 m ) upthrust peak Mount_Diablo is visible from most of the San Francisco Bay Area and much of northern California . Mount_Diablo appears from many angles to be a double pyramid and Mount_Diablo includes many subsidiary peaks , the largest and closest of which is the other half of the double pyramid , North Peak , nearly as high in elevation at 3,557 feet ( 1,084 m ) . Mount_Diablo is the centerpiece of Mount Diablo State Park , a state park of approximately 20,000 acres ( 80 km ² ) in area . eos
is visible from most of the San Francisco Bay Area and much of northern California . Mount_Diablo appears from many angles to be a double pyramid and Mount_Diablo includes many subsidiary peaks , the largest and closest of which is the other half of the double pyramid , North Peak , nearly as high in elevation at 3,557 feet ( 1,084 m ) . Mount_Diablo is the centerpiece of Mount Diablo State Park , a state park of approximately 20,000 acres ( 80 km ² ) in area . eos
appears from many angles to be a double pyramid and Mount_Diablo includes many subsidiary peaks , the largest and closest of which is the other half of the double pyramid , North Peak , nearly as high in elevation at 3,557 feet ( 1,084 m ) . Mount_Diablo is the centerpiece of Mount Diablo State Park , a state park of approximately 20,000 acres ( 80 km ² ) in area . The park was the first public open space of a complex - according to Save Mount Diablo - now including 38 preserves , including adjacent and nearby city open spaces , regional parks , watersheds , etc . , buffered in some areas with private lands protected with conservation easements . eos
includes many subsidiary peaks , the largest and closest of which is the other half of the double pyramid , North Peak , nearly as high in elevation at 3,557 feet ( 1,084 m ) . Mount_Diablo is the centerpiece of Mount Diablo State Park , a state park of approximately 20,000 acres ( 80 km ² ) in area . The park was the first public open space of a complex - according to Save Mount Diablo - now including 38 preserves , including adjacent and nearby city open spaces , regional parks , watersheds , etc . , buffered in some areas with private lands protected with conservation easements . eos
is the centerpiece of Mount Diablo State Park , a state park of approximately 20,000 acres ( 80 km ² ) in area . The park was the first public open space of a complex - according to Save Mount Diablo - now including 38 preserves , including adjacent and nearby city open spaces , regional parks , watersheds , etc . , buffered in some areas with private lands protected with conservation easements . Preserved lands on and around Mount_Diablo total more than 90,000 acres ( 360 km ² ) . eos
total more than 90,000 acres ( 360 km ² ) . Except for distant views from the Central Valley , Mount_Diablo northwestern double pyramid view is most familiar to California residents . This view however includes a minor part of Mount_Diablo acreage , most of which stretches east and southeast from the summit through Altamont Pass to the rest of the northern Diablo range . eos
northwestern double pyramid view is most familiar to California residents . This view however includes a minor part of Mount_Diablo acreage , most of which stretches east and southeast from the summit through Altamont Pass to the rest of the northern Diablo range . eos
acreage , most of which stretches east and southeast from the summit through Altamont Pass to the rest of the northern Diablo range . eos
is a prominent mountain , standing 6 km ( 4 mi ) east of Mount Kirkpatrick . Mount_Dickerson was named by US - ACAN for Lt . Cdr . eos
was named by US - ACAN for Lt . Cdr . Richard G Dickerson , US Navy , VX-6 aircraft commander during US naval operations in 1964 . eos
is a conspicuous , isolated volcanic cone , lying at the head of McMurdo Sound and east of Koettlitz Glacier , overlooking the NW portion of the Ross Ice Shelf . Mount_Discovery forms the center of a three - armed mass of which Brown Peninsula is one extension to the north ; Minna Bluff is a second to the east ; the third is Mount Morning to the west . Discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition ( 1901 - 04 ) and named for their expedition ship Discovery . eos
forms the center of a three - armed mass of which Brown Peninsula is one extension to the north ; Minna Bluff is a second to the east ; the third is Mount Morning to the west . Discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition ( 1901 - 04 ) and named for their expedition ship Discovery . eos
is the highest point . Mount_Edgecumbe_Alaska had for centuries been known to the native Tlingit people as L'UX , and Mount_Edgecumbe_Alaska was given the name Mount San Jacinto ( ` ` Mount Saint Hyacinth '' ) by Spanish explorer Juan de la Bodega in 1775 . Mount_Edgecumbe_Alaska was subsequently renamed by British Captain James Cook in 1778 , probably for George , Earl of Edgecumbe . eos
had for centuries been known to the native Tlingit people as L'UX , and Mount_Edgecumbe_Alaska was given the name Mount San Jacinto ( ` ` Mount Saint Hyacinth '' ) by Spanish explorer Juan de la Bodega in 1775 . Mount_Edgecumbe_Alaska was subsequently renamed by British Captain James Cook in 1778 , probably for George , Earl of Edgecumbe . Mount_Edgecumbe_Alaska is a local landmark and a tourist attraction . eos
was given the name Mount San Jacinto ( ` ` Mount Saint Hyacinth '' ) by Spanish explorer Juan de la Bodega in 1775 . Mount_Edgecumbe_Alaska was subsequently renamed by British Captain James Cook in 1778 , probably for George , Earl of Edgecumbe . Mount_Edgecumbe_Alaska is a local landmark and a tourist attraction . eos
was subsequently renamed by British Captain James Cook in 1778 , probably for George , Earl of Edgecumbe . Mount_Edgecumbe_Alaska is a local landmark and a tourist attraction . eos
is a local landmark and a tourist attraction . eos
is located in the Athabasca River and Astoria River valleys of Jasper National Park , Canada . Mount_Edith_Cavell was named in 1916 for Edith Cavell , an English nurse executed by the Germans during World War I for having helped persons held captive to escape to refuge . A close up view of the north face of Mount_Edith_Cavell is visible after a short hike to Cavell Meadows . eos
was named in 1916 for Edith Cavell , an English nurse executed by the Germans during World War I for having helped persons held captive to escape to refuge . A close up view of the north face of Mount_Edith_Cavell is visible after a short hike to Cavell Meadows . The trailhead is by the parking lot at the end of Mt. Edith Cavell road . eos
is visible after a short hike to Cavell Meadows . The trailhead is by the parking lot at the end of Mt. Edith Cavell road . The trail to the meadows is one way , rising 370 metres to 2,135 metres . eos
is the highest peak in the Rocky Mountains of North America . Mount_Elbert is also the highest of the fourteeners in the US State of Colorado , and the high point of the Sawatch Range . Mount_Elbert is located in Lake County , approximately 10 mi southwest of Leadville . eos
is also the highest of the fourteeners in the US State of Colorado , and the high point of the Sawatch Range . Mount_Elbert is located in Lake County , approximately 10 mi southwest of Leadville . Mount_Elbert lies within the San Isabel National Forest . eos
is located in Lake County , approximately 10 mi southwest of Leadville . Mount_Elbert lies within the San Isabel National Forest . Mount_Elbert is the second highest mountain in the contiguous United States , after Mount Whitney in California , and Mount_Elbert is but 65 eos
lies within the San Isabel National Forest . Mount_Elbert is the second highest mountain in the contiguous United States , after Mount Whitney in California , and Mount_Elbert is but 65 ft shorter than Whitney 's 14,505 feet ( 4,421 m ) . eos
is the second highest mountain in the contiguous United States , after Mount Whitney in California , and Mount_Elbert is but 65 ft shorter than Whitney 's 14,505 feet ( 4,421 m ) . There are three routes up Mount_Elbert . eos
is but 65 ft shorter than Whitney 's 14,505 feet ( 4,421 m ) . There are three routes up Mount_Elbert . eos
. The standard route ascends the peak from the east , starting from the Colorado Trail . The most difficult is the Black Cloud Trail , which takes ten to fourteen hours , depending on the pace . eos
( Russian : Эльбрус ) is a peak located in the western Caucasus mountains , in Kabardino - Balkaria and Karachay - Cherkessia , Russia , near the border of Georgia . A stratovolcano that has lain dormant for about 2,000 years , Mount_Elbrus is the highest mountain in the Caucasus which belongs to Europe ( if the border between Europe and Asia is considered to be at the watershed divide of the Caucasus , or anywhere south of this ) . Mount_Elbrus ( west summit ) stands at 5,642 metres ( 18,510 ft ) and Mount_Elbrus can be considered to be the highest mountain in Europe ; Mount_Elbrus is also the highest point of Russia . eos
is the highest mountain in the Caucasus which belongs to Europe ( if the border between Europe and Asia is considered to be at the watershed divide of the Caucasus , or anywhere south of this ) . Mount_Elbrus ( west summit ) stands at 5,642 metres ( 18,510 ft ) and Mount_Elbrus can be considered to be the highest mountain in Europe ; Mount_Elbrus is also the highest point of Russia . The east summit is slightly lower : 5,621 metres ( 18,442 ft ) . eos
( west summit ) stands at 5,642 metres ( 18,510 ft ) and Mount_Elbrus can be considered to be the highest mountain in Europe ; Mount_Elbrus is also the highest point of Russia . The east summit is slightly lower : 5,621 metres ( 18,442 ft ) . eos
can be considered to be the highest mountain in Europe ; Mount_Elbrus is also the highest point of Russia . The east summit is slightly lower : 5,621 metres ( 18,442 ft ) . eos
is also the highest point of Russia . The east summit is slightly lower : 5,621 metres ( 18,442 ft ) . eos
is an extinct shield volcano on the border of Uganda and Kenya . Mount_Elgon is named after the Elgonyi tribe , who once lived in huge caves on the south side of Mount_Elgon . Mount_Elgon was known as ` ` Ol Doinyo Ilgoon '' ( Breast Mountain ) by the Maasai and as ` ` Masawa '' on the Ugandan side . eos
is named after the Elgonyi tribe , who once lived in huge caves on the south side of Mount_Elgon . Mount_Elgon was known as ` ` Ol Doinyo Ilgoon '' ( Breast Mountain ) by the Maasai and as ` ` Masawa '' on the Ugandan side . Mount_Elgon is the oldest and largest solitary volcano in East Africa , covering an area of around 3500 km ² . eos
. Mount_Elgon was known as ` ` Ol Doinyo Ilgoon '' ( Breast Mountain ) by the Maasai and as ` ` Masawa '' on the Ugandan side . Mount_Elgon is the oldest and largest solitary volcano in East Africa , covering an area of around 3500 km ² . eos
was known as ` ` Ol Doinyo Ilgoon '' ( Breast Mountain ) by the Maasai and as ` ` Masawa '' on the Ugandan side . Mount_Elgon is the oldest and largest solitary volcano in East Africa , covering an area of around 3500 km ² . Mount_Elgon consists of five major peaks : eos
is the oldest and largest solitary volcano in East Africa , covering an area of around 3500 km ² . Mount_Elgon consists of five major peaks : * Wagagai ( 4,321 m ) , being in Uganda . eos
consists of five major peaks : * Wagagai ( 4,321 m ) , being in Uganda . * Sudek ( 4,302 m or 14,140 ft ) in Kenya eos
. Kmunke and Stigler made the first recorded ascent of Wagagai and Koitobos in 1911 . F Jackson , E Gedge , and J Martin made the first recorded ascent of Sudek in 1890 . eos
is one of the largest intact calderas in the world * The warm springs by the Suam River * Endebess Bluff ( 2563 m or 8408 ft ) eos
is the catchment area for the several rivers such as the Suam River , Nzoia River and the Turkwel River , some of which flow to Lake Victoria and others in Lake Turkana . The town of Kitale is in the foothills of Mount_Elgon . The area around Mount_Elgon is protected by two Mount Elgon National Parks - one on each side of the international border . eos
. The area around Mount_Elgon is protected by two Mount Elgon National Parks - one on each side of the international border . Some rare plants are found on Mount_Elgon , including Ardisiandra wettsteinii , Carduus afromontanus , Echinops hoehnelii , Ranunculus keniensis , and Romulea keniensis . eos
is protected by two Mount Elgon National Parks - one on each side of the international border . Some rare plants are found on Mount_Elgon , including Ardisiandra wettsteinii , Carduus afromontanus , Echinops hoehnelii , Ranunculus keniensis , and Romulea keniensis . eos
, including Ardisiandra wettsteinii , Carduus afromontanus , Echinops hoehnelii , Ranunculus keniensis , and Romulea keniensis . eos
( "" Chinese : 峨嵋山 , Pinyin : Éméi Shān , Wade - Giles : eos
is often written as 峨眉山 and occasionally 峩嵋山 or 峩眉山 but all three are translated as Mount Emei or Mount Emeishan . Mount_Emei is one of the Four Sacred Buddhist Mountains of China . eos
is one of the Four Sacred Buddhist Mountains of China . The patron bodhisattva of Mount_Emei is Samantabhadra , known in Chinese as Puxian . 16th and 17th century sources allude to the practice of martial arts in the monasteries of Mount_Emei . made the earliest extant reference to the Shaolin Monastery as Chinese boxing 's place of origin . eos
is Samantabhadra , known in Chinese as Puxian . 16th and 17th century sources allude to the practice of martial arts in the monasteries of Mount_Emei . made the earliest extant reference to the Shaolin Monastery as Chinese boxing 's place of origin . A large surrounding area of countryside is geologically known as the Permian Emeishan Large Igneous Province , a large igneous province generated by the Emeishan Traps volcanic eruptions during the Permian Period . eos
. made the earliest extant reference to the Shaolin Monastery as Chinese boxing 's place of origin . A large surrounding area of countryside is geologically known as the Permian Emeishan Large Igneous Province , a large igneous province generated by the Emeishan Traps volcanic eruptions during the Permian Period . Mount_Emei was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1996 . eos
was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1996 . The Emei Shan Liocichla , a passerine bird is named after the site . eos
is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado , the highest of the Needle Mountains ( a subrange of the San Juan Mountains ) . Mount_Eolus is located in the Weminuche Wilderness ( part of the San Juan National Forest ) in La Plata County approximately 13 miles ( 21 km ) south of Silverton . Mount_Eolus is one of three fourteeners in the Needle Mountains ; the others are Sunlight Peak and Windom Peak . eos
is located in the Weminuche Wilderness ( part of the San Juan National Forest ) in La Plata County approximately 13 miles ( 21 km ) south of Silverton . Mount_Eolus is one of three fourteeners in the Needle Mountains ; the others are Sunlight Peak and Windom Peak . All three peaks are located around the cirque known as Upper Chicago Basin . eos
is one of three fourteeners in the Needle Mountains ; the others are Sunlight Peak and Windom Peak . All three peaks are located around the cirque known as Upper Chicago Basin . Mount_Eolus lies to the west of the upper basin , while the other peaks lie on the east side . eos
lies to the west of the upper basin , while the other peaks lie on the east side . These peaks are among the most remote of the fourteeners and have a strong wilderness character . Windom Peak is only 1 foot lower than Mount_Eolus ; some sources have Windom being slightly higher than Mount_Eolus . eos
; some sources have Windom being slightly higher than Mount_Eolus . North Eolus ( 14,039 ft ) is a northern subpeak of Mount_Eolus , which is not usually counted as a separate peak or as an official fourteener , since it has a topographic prominence of only 159 - 199 feet . However it is sometimes climbed in conjunction with Mount_Eolus . eos
. North Eolus ( 14,039 ft ) is a northern subpeak of Mount_Eolus , which is not usually counted as a separate peak or as an official fourteener , since it has a topographic prominence of only 159 - 199 feet . However it is sometimes climbed in conjunction with Mount_Eolus . eos
, which is not usually counted as a separate peak or as an official fourteener , since it has a topographic prominence of only 159 - 199 feet . However it is sometimes climbed in conjunction with Mount_Eolus . eos
. eos
( "" Turkish : Erciyes Dağı "" ) is a massive stratovolcano located 25 km south of Kayseri , Turkey . Mount_Erciyes is the highest mountain in central Anatolia ( 3,916 metres ) . Mount_Erciyes is heavily eroded , but Mount_Erciyes may have erupted as recently as 253 BC , as may be depicted on Roman era coins . eos
is the highest mountain in central Anatolia ( 3,916 metres ) . Mount_Erciyes is heavily eroded , but Mount_Erciyes may have erupted as recently as 253 BC , as may be depicted on Roman era coins . Strabo wrote that in his time the summit was never free from snow and that those few who ascended it could see both the Black Sea and the Mediterranean . eos
is heavily eroded , but Mount_Erciyes may have erupted as recently as 253 BC , as may be depicted on Roman era coins . Strabo wrote that in his time the summit was never free from snow and that those few who ascended it could see both the Black Sea and the Mediterranean . eos
may have erupted as recently as 253 BC , as may be depicted on Roman era coins . Strabo wrote that in his time the summit was never free from snow and that those few who ascended it could see both the Black Sea and the Mediterranean . eos
in Antarctica is the southernmost active volcano on Earth . 3795 m high , Mount_Erebus is located on Ross Island , which is also home to three inactive volcanoes , notably Mt. Terror . eos
is located on Ross Island , which is also home to three inactive volcanoes , notably Mt. Terror . Mount_Erebus is part of the Pacific Ring of Fire , which includes over 160 active volcanoes . Mount_Erebus has been observed to be continuously active since 1972 and Mount_Erebus is the site of the Observatory run by New Mexico Tech . eos
is part of the Pacific Ring of Fire , which includes over 160 active volcanoes . Mount_Erebus has been observed to be continuously active since 1972 and Mount_Erebus is the site of the Observatory run by New Mexico Tech . Mount_Erebus was discovered on january 27 , 1841 ( and observed to be in eruption ) by polar explorer Sir James Clark Ross who named Mount_Erebus and Mount Terror after his ships , Erebus and Terror ( which were also used by Sir John Franklin on his disastrous Arctic expedition ) . eos
has been observed to be continuously active since 1972 and Mount_Erebus is the site of the Observatory run by New Mexico Tech . Mount_Erebus was discovered on january 27 , 1841 ( and observed to be in eruption ) by polar explorer Sir James Clark Ross who named Mount_Erebus and Mount Terror after his ships , Erebus and Terror ( which were also used by Sir John Franklin on his disastrous Arctic expedition ) . Mount_Erebus was first climbed ( to the rim ) by members of Sir Ernest Shackleton 's party in 1908 . eos
is the site of the Observatory run by New Mexico Tech . Mount_Erebus was discovered on january 27 , 1841 ( and observed to be in eruption ) by polar explorer Sir James Clark Ross who named Mount_Erebus and Mount Terror after his ships , Erebus and Terror ( which were also used by Sir John Franklin on his disastrous Arctic expedition ) . Mount_Erebus was first climbed ( to the rim ) by members of Sir Ernest Shackleton 's party in 1908 . eos
was discovered on january 27 , 1841 ( and observed to be in eruption ) by polar explorer Sir James Clark Ross who named Mount_Erebus and Mount Terror after his ships , Erebus and Terror ( which were also used by Sir John Franklin on his disastrous Arctic expedition ) . Mount_Erebus was first climbed ( to the rim ) by members of Sir Ernest Shackleton 's party in 1908 . Erebus was a primordial Greek god , the son of Chaos . eos
and Mount Terror after his ships , Erebus and Terror ( which were also used by Sir John Franklin on his disastrous Arctic expedition ) . Mount_Erebus was first climbed ( to the rim ) by members of Sir Ernest Shackleton 's party in 1908 . Erebus was a primordial Greek god , the son of Chaos . eos
was first climbed ( to the rim ) by members of Sir Ernest Shackleton 's party in 1908 . Erebus was a primordial Greek god , the son of Chaos . The first known solo ascent of Mount_Erebus was accomplished by Charles J Blackmer on january 19 - 20 , 1991 . eos
was accomplished by Charles J Blackmer on january 19 - 20 , 1991 . Blackmer , an ironworker for many years at McMurdo Station and the South Pole , accomplished this in a twenty - four hour period . The ascent took approximately seventeen hours . eos
or Errigal ( An Earagail / tEaragal in Irish ) situated in Gweedore , Donegal , is the tallest peak of the Derryveagh Mountains in the Northwest of Ireland with a height of 749 metres ( 2,457 feet ) . Mount_Errigal is also the most southern , steepest and highest of the mountain chain , called the ` Seven Sisters ' by locals ( Muckish , Crocknalaragagh , Aghla Beg , Ardloughnabrackbaddy , Aghla More , Mackoght ( also known as ` little Errigal ' ) and Mount_Errigal ) . eos
is also the most southern , steepest and highest of the mountain chain , called the ` Seven Sisters ' by locals ( Muckish , Crocknalaragagh , Aghla Beg , Ardloughnabrackbaddy , Aghla More , Mackoght ( also known as ` little Errigal ' ) and Mount_Errigal ) . eos
) . eos
( also known as Muncibeddu in Sicilian and Mongibello in Italian , a combination of Latin mons and Arabic gibel , both meaning mountain ) is an active volcano on the east coast of Sicily , close to Messina and Catania . Mount_Etna is the largest active volcano in Europe , currently standing about 3,326 m ( 10,910 ft ) high , though it should be noted that this varies with summit eruptions ; Mount_Etna is 21.6 m ( 71 ft ) lower now than Mount_Etna was in 1865 . Mount_Etna is the highest mountain in Italy south of the Alps . eos
is the largest active volcano in Europe , currently standing about 3,326 m ( 10,910 ft ) high , though it should be noted that this varies with summit eruptions ; Mount_Etna is 21.6 m ( 71 ft ) lower now than Mount_Etna was in 1865 . Mount_Etna is the highest mountain in Italy south of the Alps . Mount_Etna covers an area of 1,190 km ² ( 460 square miles ) with a basal circumference of 140 km . eos
is 21.6 m ( 71 ft ) lower now than Mount_Etna was in 1865 . Mount_Etna is the highest mountain in Italy south of the Alps . Mount_Etna covers an area of 1,190 km ² ( 460 square miles ) with a basal circumference of 140 km . eos
was in 1865 . Mount_Etna is the highest mountain in Italy south of the Alps . Mount_Etna covers an area of 1,190 km ² ( 460 square miles ) with a basal circumference of 140 km . eos
is the highest mountain in Italy south of the Alps . Mount_Etna covers an area of 1,190 km ² ( 460 square miles ) with a basal circumference of 140 km . This makes Mount_Etna by far the largest of the three active volcanoes in Italy , being nearly three times the height of the next largest , Mount Vesuvius . eos
covers an area of 1,190 km ² ( 460 square miles ) with a basal circumference of 140 km . This makes Mount_Etna by far the largest of the three active volcanoes in Italy , being nearly three times the height of the next largest , Mount Vesuvius . Mount_Etna is one of the most active volcanoes in the world and Mount_Etna is in an almost constant state of eruption . eos
by far the largest of the three active volcanoes in Italy , being nearly three times the height of the next largest , Mount Vesuvius . Mount_Etna is one of the most active volcanoes in the world and Mount_Etna is in an almost constant state of eruption . Although Mount_Etna can occasionally be very destructive , Mount_Etna is not generally regarded as being particularly dangerous , and thousands of people live on Mount_Etna slopes and in the surrounding areas . eos
is one of the most active volcanoes in the world and Mount_Etna is in an almost constant state of eruption . Although Mount_Etna can occasionally be very destructive , Mount_Etna is not generally regarded as being particularly dangerous , and thousands of people live on Mount_Etna slopes and in the surrounding areas . The fertile volcanic soils support extensive agriculture , with vineyards and orchards spread across the lower slopes of Mount_Etna and the broad Plain of Catania to the south . eos
is in an almost constant state of eruption . Although Mount_Etna can occasionally be very destructive , Mount_Etna is not generally regarded as being particularly dangerous , and thousands of people live on Mount_Etna slopes and in the surrounding areas . The fertile volcanic soils support extensive agriculture , with vineyards and orchards spread across the lower slopes of Mount_Etna and the broad Plain of Catania to the south . eos
can occasionally be very destructive , Mount_Etna is not generally regarded as being particularly dangerous , and thousands of people live on Mount_Etna slopes and in the surrounding areas . The fertile volcanic soils support extensive agriculture , with vineyards and orchards spread across the lower slopes of Mount_Etna and the broad Plain of Catania to the south . Due to Mount_Etna history of recent activity and nearby population , Mount_Etna has been designated a Decade Volcano by the United Nations . eos
is not generally regarded as being particularly dangerous , and thousands of people live on Mount_Etna slopes and in the surrounding areas . The fertile volcanic soils support extensive agriculture , with vineyards and orchards spread across the lower slopes of Mount_Etna and the broad Plain of Catania to the south . Due to Mount_Etna history of recent activity and nearby population , Mount_Etna has been designated a Decade Volcano by the United Nations . eos
slopes and in the surrounding areas . The fertile volcanic soils support extensive agriculture , with vineyards and orchards spread across the lower slopes of Mount_Etna and the broad Plain of Catania to the south . Due to Mount_Etna history of recent activity and nearby population , Mount_Etna has been designated a Decade Volcano by the United Nations . eos
and the broad Plain of Catania to the south . Due to Mount_Etna history of recent activity and nearby population , Mount_Etna has been designated a Decade Volcano by the United Nations . eos
history of recent activity and nearby population , Mount_Etna has been designated a Decade Volcano by the United Nations . eos
has been designated a Decade Volcano by the United Nations . eos
is a mountain in the Front Range region of the Rocky Mountains , in Clear Creek County , Colorado . Mount_Evans is one of 54 fourteeners ( mountains with peaks over 14,000 feet ) in Colorado , and the closest fourteener to Denver . Mount_Evans is often compared to Pikes Peak - another Front Range fourteener - which Mount_Evans exceeds in elevation by 154 ft ( 50 m ) . eos
is one of 54 fourteeners ( mountains with peaks over 14,000 feet ) in Colorado , and the closest fourteener to Denver . Mount_Evans is often compared to Pikes Peak - another Front Range fourteener - which Mount_Evans exceeds in elevation by 154 ft ( 50 m ) . Mount_Evans was originally known as Mount Rosa or Mount Rosalie ( named for the wife of Fitz Hugh Ludlow who would later be the wife of Albert Bierstadt , and featured in Bierstadt 's painting ` ` Storm in the Rocky Mountains '' ) , and Mount_Evans is located in what is known by locals as the Chicago Peaks Range . eos
is often compared to Pikes Peak - another Front Range fourteener - which Mount_Evans exceeds in elevation by 154 ft ( 50 m ) . Mount_Evans was originally known as Mount Rosa or Mount Rosalie ( named for the wife of Fitz Hugh Ludlow who would later be the wife of Albert Bierstadt , and featured in Bierstadt 's painting ` ` Storm in the Rocky Mountains '' ) , and Mount_Evans is located in what is known by locals as the Chicago Peaks Range . Mount_Evans is believed to have been climbed first in 1872 by Judge Lunt and a friend , but many accounts point to Albert Bierstadt as the first ascender in 1863 . eos
exceeds in elevation by 154 ft ( 50 m ) . Mount_Evans was originally known as Mount Rosa or Mount Rosalie ( named for the wife of Fitz Hugh Ludlow who would later be the wife of Albert Bierstadt , and featured in Bierstadt 's painting ` ` Storm in the Rocky Mountains '' ) , and Mount_Evans is located in what is known by locals as the Chicago Peaks Range . Mount_Evans is believed to have been climbed first in 1872 by Judge Lunt and a friend , but many accounts point to Albert Bierstadt as the first ascender in 1863 . eos
was originally known as Mount Rosa or Mount Rosalie ( named for the wife of Fitz Hugh Ludlow who would later be the wife of Albert Bierstadt , and featured in Bierstadt 's painting ` ` Storm in the Rocky Mountains '' ) , and Mount_Evans is located in what is known by locals as the Chicago Peaks Range . Mount_Evans is believed to have been climbed first in 1872 by Judge Lunt and a friend , but many accounts point to Albert Bierstadt as the first ascender in 1863 . In 1895 , Colorado 's legislature officially renamed Mount_Evans in honor of John Evans , second governor of the Colorado Territory from 1862 to 1865 . eos
is located in what is known by locals as the Chicago Peaks Range . Mount_Evans is believed to have been climbed first in 1872 by Judge Lunt and a friend , but many accounts point to Albert Bierstadt as the first ascender in 1863 . In 1895 , Colorado 's legislature officially renamed Mount_Evans in honor of John Evans , second governor of the Colorado Territory from 1862 to 1865 . eos
is believed to have been climbed first in 1872 by Judge Lunt and a friend , but many accounts point to Albert Bierstadt as the first ascender in 1863 . In 1895 , Colorado 's legislature officially renamed Mount_Evans in honor of John Evans , second governor of the Colorado Territory from 1862 to 1865 . Mount_Evans is one of the characteristic Front Range peaks , dominating the western skyline of the Great Plains along with Pikes Peak and nearby Mount Bierstadt . eos
in honor of John Evans , second governor of the Colorado Territory from 1862 to 1865 . Mount_Evans is one of the characteristic Front Range peaks , dominating the western skyline of the Great Plains along with Pikes Peak and nearby Mount Bierstadt . In the early days of Colorado tourism , Mount_Evans and Denver were often in competition with Pikes Peak and Colorado Springs . eos
is one of the characteristic Front Range peaks , dominating the western skyline of the Great Plains along with Pikes Peak and nearby Mount Bierstadt . In the early days of Colorado tourism , Mount_Evans and Denver were often in competition with Pikes Peak and Colorado Springs . After a toll road was built to the summit of Pikes Peak , Robert Speer , mayor of Denver , asked for funds to build a road to the summit of Mount_Evans . eos
and Denver were often in competition with Pikes Peak and Colorado Springs . After a toll road was built to the summit of Pikes Peak , Robert Speer , mayor of Denver , asked for funds to build a road to the summit of Mount_Evans . Construction began in 1917 and concluded on october 4 , 1927 . eos
. Construction began in 1917 and concluded on october 4 , 1927 . As of 2006 , the Mount Evans Scenic Byway , leading to the summit overlook , is the highest paved road in North America . eos
a very accessible peak to all varieties of tourists and mountaineers . Mount_Evans is 50 miles west of Denver , as the bird flies , and approximately 62 miles by road . From Denver , one can get to Mount_Evans by taking I-70 west to Idaho Springs . eos
is 50 miles west of Denver , as the bird flies , and approximately 62 miles by road . From Denver , one can get to Mount_Evans by taking I-70 west to Idaho Springs . From there , one proceeds south on Colorado 103 , climbing past Echo Lake Park , then turning right on the Mount Evans Highway ( Colorado 5 ) . eos
by taking I-70 west to Idaho Springs . From there , one proceeds south on Colorado 103 , climbing past Echo Lake Park , then turning right on the Mount Evans Highway ( Colorado 5 ) . From the entrance station on Colorado 5 ( $ 10/car , $ 3/bike ) , one can get to the summit by driving the byway or by hiking the trail which runs along nearby . eos
, also called Chomolungma or Qomolangma ( ) or Sagarmatha ( ) is the highest mountain on Earth , as measured by the height of Mount_Everest summit above sea level . Mount_Everest , Mount_Everest is part of the Himalaya range in High Asia , is located on the border between Nepal and Tibet , China . By the end of the 2006 climbing season there had been 3,050 ascents to the summit by 2,062 individuals , and at least 630 more ascents in 2007 . eos
summit above sea level . Mount_Everest , Mount_Everest is part of the Himalaya range in High Asia , is located on the border between Nepal and Tibet , China . By the end of the 2006 climbing season there had been 3,050 ascents to the summit by 2,062 individuals , and at least 630 more ascents in 2007 . eos
, Mount_Everest is part of the Himalaya range in High Asia , is located on the border between Nepal and Tibet , China . By the end of the 2006 climbing season there had been 3,050 ascents to the summit by 2,062 individuals , and at least 630 more ascents in 2007 . There have been more than 200 deaths on Mount_Everest , where conditions are so difficult that most corpses have been left where they fell ; some are visible from standard climbing routes . eos
is part of the Himalaya range in High Asia , is located on the border between Nepal and Tibet , China . By the end of the 2006 climbing season there had been 3,050 ascents to the summit by 2,062 individuals , and at least 630 more ascents in 2007 . There have been more than 200 deaths on Mount_Everest , where conditions are so difficult that most corpses have been left where they fell ; some are visible from standard climbing routes . eos
, where conditions are so difficult that most corpses have been left where they fell ; some are visible from standard climbing routes . Climbers range from experienced mountaineers to relative novices who count on their paid guides to get them to the top . This means climbers are a significant source of tourist revenue for Nepal , whose government also requires all prospective climbers to obtain an expensive permit , costing up to $ 25,000 ( USD ) per person . eos
( officially known as Fairweather Mountain in Canada but referred to also as Fairweather nonetheless ) is a mountain located 20 km ( 14 mi ) east of the Pacific Ocean in Glacier Bay National Park of the United States . While the majority of Mount_Fairweather lies within the City and Borough of Yakutat , Alaska , the actual summit is in Tatshenshini - Alsek Park in British Columbia , making it the highest point in that province . Mount_Fairweather was named on May 3 , 1778 by Captain James Cook , apparently for the good weather encountered at the time . eos
lies within the City and Borough of Yakutat , Alaska , the actual summit is in Tatshenshini - Alsek Park in British Columbia , making it the highest point in that province . Mount_Fairweather was named on May 3 , 1778 by Captain James Cook , apparently for the good weather encountered at the time . Mount_Fairweather was first climbed in 1931 by Allen Carpé and Terris Moore . eos
was named on May 3 , 1778 by Captain James Cook , apparently for the good weather encountered at the time . Mount_Fairweather was first climbed in 1931 by Allen Carpé and Terris Moore . eos
was first climbed in 1931 by Allen Carpé and Terris Moore . eos
is the second - highest mountain in the Australian state of Victoria . Mount_Feathertop rises to 1,922 meters ( 6,306 feet ) AD Snow remaining in the summit gullies in spring give the appearance of feathers - hence the name ` ` Feathertop '' . Mountain Ash forest predominently covers the lower slopes , transitioning to snowgums above 1,000 meters . eos
rises to 1,922 meters ( 6,306 feet ) AD Snow remaining in the summit gullies in spring give the appearance of feathers - hence the name ` ` Feathertop '' . Mountain Ash forest predominently covers the lower slopes , transitioning to snowgums above 1,000 meters . Above the treeline there is alpine grass and herbs . eos
to the Mount Hotham ski resort has led to Mount_Feathertop becoming a popular back country skiing destination . There are two huts on Mount_Feathertop . MUMC hut is situated on the North - West spur close to the tree line . eos
becoming a popular back country skiing destination . There are two huts on Mount_Feathertop . MUMC hut is situated on the North - West spur close to the tree line . eos
. MUMC hut is situated on the North - West spur close to the tree line . Federation Hut is situation at the top of Bungalow Spur near Little Feathertop , and was rebuilt in 2005 after it was destroyed by the 2003 Eastern Victorian alpine bushfires . eos
is the highest peak of the Kananaskis Range , a subrange of the Canadian Rockies in the province of Alberta . Mount_Galatea is located in the upper Spray Lakes Valley of the Kananaskis Country system of provincial parks . Mount_Galatea was named in 1922 after the HMS Galatea which was involved in the Battle of Jutland of World War I. eos
is located in the upper Spray Lakes Valley of the Kananaskis Country system of provincial parks . Mount_Galatea was named in 1922 after the HMS Galatea which was involved in the Battle of Jutland of World War I. eos
was named in 1922 after the HMS Galatea which was involved in the Battle of Jutland of World War I. eos
is a mountain located in Strathcona Provincial Park on Vancouver Island in British Columbia . Mount_George_V is located 3.2 km south of Mount Albert Edward . Mount Frink and Castlecrag Mountain are within 2 km to the NE . eos
is located 3.2 km south of Mount Albert Edward . Mount Frink and Castlecrag Mountain are within 2 km to the NE . Mount_George_V first ascent may have been by surveyors in the 1930s . eos
first ascent may have been by surveyors in the 1930s . eos
( Samaritan Hebrew Ar - garízim , Arabic جبل جرزيم Jabal Jarizīm , Tiberian Hebrew הַר גְּרִזִּים Har Gərizzîm , eos
forms the southern side of the valley in which Nablus is situated , the northern side being formed by Mount Ebal . Mount_Gerizim is one of the highest peaks in the West Bank , as well as being higher than most mountain peaks in Israel , and Mount_Gerizim rises to 2849 feet ( 881 meters ) above sea level , some 228 feet ( 69.5 meters ) shorter than Mount Ebal . Mount_Gerizim is particularly steep on the northern side , Mount_Gerizim is sparsely covered at the top with shrubbery , and lower down there is a spring with a high yield of fresh water . eos
is one of the highest peaks in the West Bank , as well as being higher than most mountain peaks in Israel , and Mount_Gerizim rises to 2849 feet ( 881 meters ) above sea level , some 228 feet ( 69.5 meters ) shorter than Mount Ebal . Mount_Gerizim is particularly steep on the northern side , Mount_Gerizim is sparsely covered at the top with shrubbery , and lower down there is a spring with a high yield of fresh water . According to classical rabbinical sources , in order to convert to Judaism , a Samaritan must first and foremost renounce any belief in the sanctity of Mount_Gerizim . eos
rises to 2849 feet ( 881 meters ) above sea level , some 228 feet ( 69.5 meters ) shorter than Mount Ebal . Mount_Gerizim is particularly steep on the northern side , Mount_Gerizim is sparsely covered at the top with shrubbery , and lower down there is a spring with a high yield of fresh water . According to classical rabbinical sources , in order to convert to Judaism , a Samaritan must first and foremost renounce any belief in the sanctity of Mount_Gerizim . eos
is particularly steep on the northern side , Mount_Gerizim is sparsely covered at the top with shrubbery , and lower down there is a spring with a high yield of fresh water . According to classical rabbinical sources , in order to convert to Judaism , a Samaritan must first and foremost renounce any belief in the sanctity of Mount_Gerizim . eos
is sparsely covered at the top with shrubbery , and lower down there is a spring with a high yield of fresh water . According to classical rabbinical sources , in order to convert to Judaism , a Samaritan must first and foremost renounce any belief in the sanctity of Mount_Gerizim . eos
. eos
is located in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of the US state of California , 2 miles ( 3 km ) south of Mount Dana . Mount_Gibbs was named after Oliver Gibbs , a professor at Harvard University and friend of Josiah Whitney . Mount_Gibbs peak lies on the boundary between Yosemite National Park and Inyo National Forest . eos
was named after Oliver Gibbs , a professor at Harvard University and friend of Josiah Whitney . Mount_Gibbs peak lies on the boundary between Yosemite National Park and Inyo National Forest . The peak is accessible either from the west , starting at Tioga Pass Road , or from the east , via Bloody Canyon from the trailhead at Walker Lake . eos
peak lies on the boundary between Yosemite National Park and Inyo National Forest . The peak is accessible either from the west , starting at Tioga Pass Road , or from the east , via Bloody Canyon from the trailhead at Walker Lake . ( Overnight camping is not permitted on the western side of Mount_Gibbs , which is part of the protected watershed of Dana Meadows and Tioga Pass . ) eos
, which is part of the protected watershed of Dana Meadows and Tioga Pass . ) In the summer Mount_Gibbs has only patchy snow , on the northern slope . The easiest ascent is via the ridge extending west from the peak ; there is a steep section of loose , unstable rocks , leading to the gentle ridge that forms the top of Mount_Gibbs . eos
has only patchy snow , on the northern slope . The easiest ascent is via the ridge extending west from the peak ; there is a steep section of loose , unstable rocks , leading to the gentle ridge that forms the top of Mount_Gibbs . Although the top is above the tree line , there is some sparse plant life , including wildflowers . eos
. Although the top is above the tree line , there is some sparse plant life , including wildflowers . The view of Mono Lake from the summit is partially obstructed by an outcropping to the northeast . eos
is a peak on the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States . Mount_Gould_Montana is the highest point of the Garden Wall , a distinctive ridge of the Lewis Range . Mount_Gould_Montana is most notable for Mount_Gould_Montana huge , steep east face , which drops 4000 feet ( 1220 m ) in only one - half mile ( 0.8 km ) . eos
is the highest point of the Garden Wall , a distinctive ridge of the Lewis Range . Mount_Gould_Montana is most notable for Mount_Gould_Montana huge , steep east face , which drops 4000 feet ( 1220 m ) in only one - half mile ( 0.8 km ) . This face provides a backdrop to Grinnell Lake , and is often photographed . eos
is most notable for Mount_Gould_Montana huge , steep east face , which drops 4000 feet ( 1220 m ) in only one - half mile ( 0.8 km ) . This face provides a backdrop to Grinnell Lake , and is often photographed . The first recorded ascent of Mount_Gould_Montana was in 1920 , by Frank B Wynn , Harry R Horn , Henry H Goddard , and party . eos
huge , steep east face , which drops 4000 feet ( 1220 m ) in only one - half mile ( 0.8 km ) . This face provides a backdrop to Grinnell Lake , and is often photographed . The first recorded ascent of Mount_Gould_Montana was in 1920 , by Frank B Wynn , Harry R Horn , Henry H Goddard , and party . eos
was in 1920 , by Frank B Wynn , Harry R Horn , Henry H Goddard , and party . They used the West Face route , which is the easiest and most commonly used route today . It starts from the Highline Trail , which skirts the west side of the peak , and involves some rock scrambling but no technical climbing . eos
is theoretically possible ; however the brittle , loose nature of the rock in Glacier National Park makes highly technical ascents like this one particularly unpleasant and dangerous . eos
is a mountain of 3,491 feet ( 1,064 m ) in elevation , located in northwestern Massachusetts . Mount_Greylock is the highest point in the state . eos
is the highest point in the state . eos
, formerly known as Knife Peak Volcano , is a stratovolcano , Mount_Griggs lies 10 km behind the volcanic arc defined by other Katmai group volcanoes . Although no historic eruptions have been reported from Mount_Griggs , vigorously active fumaroles persist in a summit crater and along the upper southwest flank . The fumaroles on the southwest flank are the hottest , and some of the flank fumaroles can roar so loudly that they can be heard from the valley floor . eos
lies 10 km behind the volcanic arc defined by other Katmai group volcanoes . Although no historic eruptions have been reported from Mount_Griggs , vigorously active fumaroles persist in a summit crater and along the upper southwest flank . The fumaroles on the southwest flank are the hottest , and some of the flank fumaroles can roar so loudly that they can be heard from the valley floor . eos
, vigorously active fumaroles persist in a summit crater and along the upper southwest flank . The fumaroles on the southwest flank are the hottest , and some of the flank fumaroles can roar so loudly that they can be heard from the valley floor . The slopes of Mount_Griggs are heavily mantled by fallout from the 1912 eruption of Novarupta volcano . eos
are heavily mantled by fallout from the 1912 eruption of Novarupta volcano . Mount_Griggs was named for Dr. Robert Fisk Griggs ( 1881 - 1962 ) , botanist , whose explorations of the area , after the eruption of Mount Katmai in 1912 , led to the creation of Katmai National Monument by President Woodrow Wilson in 1918 . eos
was named for Dr. Robert Fisk Griggs ( 1881 - 1962 ) , botanist , whose explorations of the area , after the eruption of Mount Katmai in 1912 , led to the creation of Katmai National Monument by President Woodrow Wilson in 1918 . eos
is a mountain with a circular ice - filled crater occupying much of the summit area . Mount_Hampton is the northernmost of the extinct volcanoes which comprise the Executive Committee Range in Marie Byrd Land . Discovered by the USAS on a flight , december 15 , 1940 , and named for Ruth Hampton , Dept . of the Interior member of the USAS Executive Committee . eos
is the northernmost of the extinct volcanoes which comprise the Executive Committee Range in Marie Byrd Land . Discovered by the USAS on a flight , december 15 , 1940 , and named for Ruth Hampton , Dept . of the Interior member of the USAS Executive Committee . Mapped in detail by USGS from surveys and US Navy trimetrogon photography , 1958 - 60 . eos
is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado . Mount_Harvard is the third highest mountain in Colorado , and also the fourth highest mountain in the Contiguous United States . Mount_Harvard is located in the Collegiate Peaks , part of the central Sawatch Range of Chaffee County , approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) northwest of the town of Buena Vista . eos
is the third highest mountain in Colorado , and also the fourth highest mountain in the Contiguous United States . Mount_Harvard is located in the Collegiate Peaks , part of the central Sawatch Range of Chaffee County , approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) northwest of the town of Buena Vista . The Harvard Crimson , flagship newspaper of Mount_Harvard namesake university , wrote that : ` ` despite its height , climbing up Mt. Harvard is hardly a death - defying experience . eos
is located in the Collegiate Peaks , part of the central Sawatch Range of Chaffee County , approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) northwest of the town of Buena Vista . The Harvard Crimson , flagship newspaper of Mount_Harvard namesake university , wrote that : ` ` despite its height , climbing up Mt. Harvard is hardly a death - defying experience . ` It 's an undistinguished lump on a fairly undistinguished range ; it just happens to be very high , ' says John C Reed of the US Geological Survey in Denver . eos
namesake university , wrote that : ` ` despite its height , climbing up Mt. Harvard is hardly a death - defying experience . ` It 's an undistinguished lump on a fairly undistinguished range ; it just happens to be very high , ' says John C Reed of the US Geological Survey in Denver . Reed , who has climbed the mountain once , describes it only as ` a long walk ' of about three or four miles . eos
is the highest mountain in the eastern Alaska Range . Despite not being a fourteener , Mount_Hayes is one of the largest peaks in the United States in terms of rise above local terrain . For example , the Northeast Face rises 8,000 feet ( 2,440 m ) in approximately 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) . eos
is one of the largest peaks in the United States in terms of rise above local terrain . For example , the Northeast Face rises 8,000 feet ( 2,440 m ) in approximately 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) . In terms of topographic prominence , Mount_Hayes is one of the top 75 peaks in the world . eos
is one of the top 75 peaks in the world . Mount_Hayes was first climbed in 1941 by Bradford Washburn , Barbara Washburn , Benjamin Ferris , Sterling Hendricks , Henry Hall , and William Shand , via the North Ridge . Today 's standard route is the East Ridge ( Alaska Grade 2 + ) . eos
was first climbed in 1941 by Bradford Washburn , Barbara Washburn , Benjamin Ferris , Sterling Hendricks , Henry Hall , and William Shand , via the North Ridge . Today 's standard route is the East Ridge ( Alaska Grade 2 + ) . Mount_Hayes is not frequently climbed due to Mount_Hayes remoteness and the resulting access difficulties . eos
is not frequently climbed due to Mount_Hayes remoteness and the resulting access difficulties . eos
remoteness and the resulting access difficulties . eos
is a mountain in Banff National Park , Canada . Mount_Hector_Alberta was named in 1884 by George M Dawson after James Hector , a geologist on the Palliser Expedition . Mount_Hector_Alberta is located beside the Icefields Parkway , 17 km north of Lake Louise . eos
was named in 1884 by George M Dawson after James Hector , a geologist on the Palliser Expedition . Mount_Hector_Alberta is located beside the Icefields Parkway , 17 km north of Lake Louise . The first ascent was made in 1895 by Philip S Abbot , Charles Fay and Charles S Thompson . eos
is located beside the Icefields Parkway , 17 km north of Lake Louise . The first ascent was made in 1895 by Philip S Abbot , Charles Fay and Charles S Thompson . eos
( called Wy'east by the Multnomah tribe ) , is a stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc in northern Oregon , in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States . Mount_Hood is located about 50 miles ( 80 km ) east - southeast of the city of Portland , on the border between Clackamas and Hood River counties . Mount_Hood snow - covered peak rises 11249 ft and is home to twelve glaciers . eos
is located about 50 miles ( 80 km ) east - southeast of the city of Portland , on the border between Clackamas and Hood River counties . Mount_Hood snow - covered peak rises 11249 ft and is home to twelve glaciers . Mount_Hood is the highest mountain in Oregon and the fourth - highest in the Cascade Range . eos
snow - covered peak rises 11249 ft and is home to twelve glaciers . Mount_Hood is the highest mountain in Oregon and the fourth - highest in the Cascade Range . Mount_Hood is considered the Oregon volcano most likely to erupt , though based on Mount_Hood history , an explosive eruption is unlikely . eos
is the highest mountain in Oregon and the fourth - highest in the Cascade Range . Mount_Hood is considered the Oregon volcano most likely to erupt , though based on Mount_Hood history , an explosive eruption is unlikely . Still , the odds of an eruption in the next 30 years are estimated at between 3 and 7 percent , so the USGS characterizes Mount_Hood as ` ` potentially active '' . eos
is considered the Oregon volcano most likely to erupt , though based on Mount_Hood history , an explosive eruption is unlikely . Still , the odds of an eruption in the next 30 years are estimated at between 3 and 7 percent , so the USGS characterizes Mount_Hood as ` ` potentially active '' . Mount_Hood is sometimes informally described as ` ` dormant '' ( ` ` asleep '' ) . eos
history , an explosive eruption is unlikely . Still , the odds of an eruption in the next 30 years are estimated at between 3 and 7 percent , so the USGS characterizes Mount_Hood as ` ` potentially active '' . Mount_Hood is sometimes informally described as ` ` dormant '' ( ` ` asleep '' ) . eos
as ` ` potentially active '' . Mount_Hood is sometimes informally described as ` ` dormant '' ( ` ` asleep '' ) . Timberline Lodge is a National Historic Landmark located on the southern flank of Mount_Hood just below Palmer Glacier . eos
is sometimes informally described as ` ` dormant '' ( ` ` asleep '' ) . Timberline Lodge is a National Historic Landmark located on the southern flank of Mount_Hood just below Palmer Glacier . Mount_Hood has six ski areas : Timberline , Mount Hood Meadows , Ski Bowl , Cooper Spur , Snow Bunny and Summit . eos
just below Palmer Glacier . Mount_Hood has six ski areas : Timberline , Mount Hood Meadows , Ski Bowl , Cooper Spur , Snow Bunny and Summit . They total over 4,600 acres ( 7.2 mi ² , 18.6 km ² ) of skiable terrain ; Timberline offers the only year - round lift - served skiing in North America . eos
has six ski areas : Timberline , Mount Hood Meadows , Ski Bowl , Cooper Spur , Snow Bunny and Summit . They total over 4,600 acres ( 7.2 mi ² , 18.6 km ² ) of skiable terrain ; Timberline offers the only year - round lift - served skiing in North America . Mount_Hood is part of the Mount Hood National Forest , which has 1.067 million acres ( 1667 mi ² , 4318 km ² ) , four designated wilderness areas which total 189,200 acres ( 295 mi ² , 766 km ² ) , and more than 1200 mi ( 1900 km ) of hiking trails . eos
is part of the Mount Hood National Forest , which has 1.067 million acres ( 1667 mi ² , 4318 km ² ) , four designated wilderness areas which total 189,200 acres ( 295 mi ² , 766 km ² ) , and more than 1200 mi ( 1900 km ) of hiking trails . eos
is a mountain in Victoria , Australia . Mount_Hotham is home to Mount Hotham Village , and Mount Hotham Ski Resort . Mount_Hotham is located approximately 357 kilometres north east of Melbourne , 746 kilometres from Sydney , and 997 kilometres from Adelaide by road . eos
is home to Mount Hotham Village , and Mount Hotham Ski Resort . Mount_Hotham is located approximately 357 kilometres north east of Melbourne , 746 kilometres from Sydney , and 997 kilometres from Adelaide by road . Mount_Hotham summit rises to an altitude of 1,861 metres above sea level , while Mount Hotham village stands tall at a height of 1,750 metres AD Currently , Mt. Hotham holds the record for the highest annual snowfall of any Victorian resort over the past decade . eos
is located approximately 357 kilometres north east of Melbourne , 746 kilometres from Sydney , and 997 kilometres from Adelaide by road . Mount_Hotham summit rises to an altitude of 1,861 metres above sea level , while Mount Hotham village stands tall at a height of 1,750 metres AD Currently , Mt. Hotham holds the record for the highest annual snowfall of any Victorian resort over the past decade . Most of the skiing is based on one side of a large valley , and the area connects to the Bogong High Plains . eos
summit rises to an altitude of 1,861 metres above sea level , while Mount Hotham village stands tall at a height of 1,750 metres AD Currently , Mt. Hotham holds the record for the highest annual snowfall of any Victorian resort over the past decade . Most of the skiing is based on one side of a large valley , and the area connects to the Bogong High Plains . Mt. Hotham features 3.2 square kilometres of ski area , including 35 kilometres of tree - lined cross - country trails and a network of 13 lifts . eos
is one of the major mountains of the Saint Elias Range . Mount_Hubbard is located on the Alaska / Yukon border ; the Canadian side is within Kluane National Park and Reserve , and the American side is part of Wrangell - St . Elias National Park . eos
is located on the Alaska / Yukon border ; the Canadian side is within Kluane National Park and Reserve , and the American side is part of Wrangell - St . Elias National Park . Mount_Hubbard was named in 1890 by USGS geologist Israel Russell after Gardiner Greene Hubbard , first president of the National Geographic Society , which had co - sponsored Russell 's expedition . eos
was named in 1890 by USGS geologist Israel Russell after Gardiner Greene Hubbard , first president of the National Geographic Society , which had co - sponsored Russell 's expedition . Mount_Hubbard is the highest point of a large massif with three named summits ; the other two are Mount Alverstone and Mount Kennedy . Alverstone and Hubbard form a corner of the US - Canadian border : the border extends roughly south from these peaks toward the Alaska panhandle , and roughly west toward Mount Saint Elias , approximately 100 km ( 60 mi ) away . eos
is the highest point of a large massif with three named summits ; the other two are Mount Alverstone and Mount Kennedy . Alverstone and Hubbard form a corner of the US - Canadian border : the border extends roughly south from these peaks toward the Alaska panhandle , and roughly west toward Mount Saint Elias , approximately 100 km ( 60 mi ) away . The Hubbard Glacier separates Mount_Hubbard from Mount Vancouver to the west , while the Lowell Glacier lies to the east of the peak . eos
from Mount Vancouver to the west , while the Lowell Glacier lies to the east of the peak . Mount_Hubbard is the tenth highest peak in the United States , and the twelfth highest peak in Canada . Mount_Hubbard is also notable for Mount_Hubbard large rise above local terrain . eos
is the tenth highest peak in the United States , and the twelfth highest peak in Canada . Mount_Hubbard is also notable for Mount_Hubbard large rise above local terrain . For example , Mount_Hubbard west face rises 7,500 feet ( 2,286 m ) above the Alverstone Glacier in less than 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) , and the peak rises 11,000 feet ( 3,353 m ) above the Hubbard Glacier to the southwest in only 7 miles ( 11.2 km ) . eos
is also notable for Mount_Hubbard large rise above local terrain . For example , Mount_Hubbard west face rises 7,500 feet ( 2,286 m ) above the Alverstone Glacier in less than 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) , and the peak rises 11,000 feet ( 3,353 m ) above the Hubbard Glacier to the southwest in only 7 miles ( 11.2 km ) . Mount_Hubbard is just over 20 miles ( 32 km ) from tidewater at Disenchantment Bay . eos
large rise above local terrain . For example , Mount_Hubbard west face rises 7,500 feet ( 2,286 m ) above the Alverstone Glacier in less than 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) , and the peak rises 11,000 feet ( 3,353 m ) above the Hubbard Glacier to the southwest in only 7 miles ( 11.2 km ) . Mount_Hubbard is just over 20 miles ( 32 km ) from tidewater at Disenchantment Bay . eos
west face rises 7,500 feet ( 2,286 m ) above the Alverstone Glacier in less than 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) , and the peak rises 11,000 feet ( 3,353 m ) above the Hubbard Glacier to the southwest in only 7 miles ( 11.2 km ) . Mount_Hubbard is just over 20 miles ( 32 km ) from tidewater at Disenchantment Bay . However , despite Mount_Hubbard precipitous drops to the west , the eastern side provides a nontechnical ( though long ) route to the summit . eos
is just over 20 miles ( 32 km ) from tidewater at Disenchantment Bay . However , despite Mount_Hubbard precipitous drops to the west , the eastern side provides a nontechnical ( though long ) route to the summit . eos
precipitous drops to the west , the eastern side provides a nontechnical ( though long ) route to the summit . eos
is located on the boundaries of Banff National Park and Yoho National Park on the Continental Divide at the head of Paradise Valley . Mount_Hungabee was named in 1894 by Samuel Allen after the Stoney Indian word for ` ` chieftain '' as Mount_Hungabee is higher than Mount_Hungabee neighbouring peaks . Mount_Hungabee can be seen from the Icefields Parkway ( # 93 ) in the upper Bow Valley . eos
was named in 1894 by Samuel Allen after the Stoney Indian word for ` ` chieftain '' as Mount_Hungabee is higher than Mount_Hungabee neighbouring peaks . Mount_Hungabee can be seen from the Icefields Parkway ( # 93 ) in the upper Bow Valley . Mount_Hungabee was first climbed in 1903 by HC Parker who was guided by Hans Kaufmann and Christian Kaufmann . eos
is higher than Mount_Hungabee neighbouring peaks . Mount_Hungabee can be seen from the Icefields Parkway ( # 93 ) in the upper Bow Valley . Mount_Hungabee was first climbed in 1903 by HC Parker who was guided by Hans Kaufmann and Christian Kaufmann . eos
neighbouring peaks . Mount_Hungabee can be seen from the Icefields Parkway ( # 93 ) in the upper Bow Valley . Mount_Hungabee was first climbed in 1903 by HC Parker who was guided by Hans Kaufmann and Christian Kaufmann . eos
can be seen from the Icefields Parkway ( # 93 ) in the upper Bow Valley . Mount_Hungabee was first climbed in 1903 by HC Parker who was guided by Hans Kaufmann and Christian Kaufmann . eos
was first climbed in 1903 by HC Parker who was guided by Hans Kaufmann and Christian Kaufmann . eos
, or Begguya , is a mountain in Denali National Park in Alaska . Mount_Hunter_Alaska is approximately 8 miles ( 13 km ) south of Mount McKinley , or Denali , the highest peak in North America . eos
is approximately 8 miles ( 13 km ) south of Mount McKinley , or Denali , the highest peak in North America . ` ` Begguya '' means child ( of Denali ) in the Dena'ina language . Mount_Hunter_Alaska is the third highest major peak in the Alaska Range . eos
is the third highest major peak in the Alaska Range . Mount_Hunter_Alaska has a complex structure : Mount_Hunter_Alaska is topped by a large , low - angled glacier plateau , connecting the North ( Main ) Summit and the South Summit ( 13,965 feet/4 , 257 m ) . Long , corniced ridges extend in various directions ; between them are exceptionally steep faces . eos
has a complex structure : Mount_Hunter_Alaska is topped by a large , low - angled glacier plateau , connecting the North ( Main ) Summit and the South Summit ( 13,965 feet/4 , 257 m ) . Long , corniced ridges extend in various directions ; between them are exceptionally steep faces . eos
is topped by a large , low - angled glacier plateau , connecting the North ( Main ) Summit and the South Summit ( 13,965 feet/4 , 257 m ) . Long , corniced ridges extend in various directions ; between them are exceptionally steep faces . eos
is a 10,052 feet ( 3064 meters ) peak in Glacier National Park and one of the six over 10,000 feet in the park . Mount_Jackson_Montana is part of the Rocky Mountain and Lewis Ranges and Mount_Jackson_Montana nearest higher neighbor is Mount Stimson to the south east . eos
is part of the Rocky Mountain and Lewis Ranges and Mount_Jackson_Montana nearest higher neighbor is Mount Stimson to the south east . eos
nearest higher neighbor is Mount Stimson to the south east . eos
is an inactive stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc , the Cascade Range and Mount_Jefferson_Oregon is the second - highest mountain in Oregon . Situated in the far northeastern corner of Linn County about 60 miles ( 96 km ) east of Corvallis , Mount_Jefferson_Oregon is in a rugged wilderness and Mount_Jefferson_Oregon is thus one of the hardest volcanoes to reach in the Cascades ( logging road 1044 does come within 4 miles ( 6 km ) of the summit , however ) . Many people consider Mount_Jefferson_Oregon craggy , deeply glacially - scarred appearance to be especially beautiful and photogenic . eos
is the second - highest mountain in Oregon . Situated in the far northeastern corner of Linn County about 60 miles ( 96 km ) east of Corvallis , Mount_Jefferson_Oregon is in a rugged wilderness and Mount_Jefferson_Oregon is thus one of the hardest volcanoes to reach in the Cascades ( logging road 1044 does come within 4 miles ( 6 km ) of the summit , however ) . Many people consider Mount_Jefferson_Oregon craggy , deeply glacially - scarred appearance to be especially beautiful and photogenic . eos
is in a rugged wilderness and Mount_Jefferson_Oregon is thus one of the hardest volcanoes to reach in the Cascades ( logging road 1044 does come within 4 miles ( 6 km ) of the summit , however ) . Many people consider Mount_Jefferson_Oregon craggy , deeply glacially - scarred appearance to be especially beautiful and photogenic . Mount_Jefferson_Oregon has therefore frequently served as a backdrop for automobile and alcohol advertisements in the United States . eos
is thus one of the hardest volcanoes to reach in the Cascades ( logging road 1044 does come within 4 miles ( 6 km ) of the summit , however ) . Many people consider Mount_Jefferson_Oregon craggy , deeply glacially - scarred appearance to be especially beautiful and photogenic . Mount_Jefferson_Oregon has therefore frequently served as a backdrop for automobile and alcohol advertisements in the United States . eos
craggy , deeply glacially - scarred appearance to be especially beautiful and photogenic . Mount_Jefferson_Oregon has therefore frequently served as a backdrop for automobile and alcohol advertisements in the United States . eos
has therefore frequently served as a backdrop for automobile and alcohol advertisements in the United States . eos
is a mountain located on the Continental Divide , in the extreme southern tip of Peter Lougheed Provincial Park . Mount_Joffre was named in 1918 by the Interprovincial Boundary Survey after Marshal Joseph Joffre , commander - in - chief of the French Army during World War I eos
was named in 1918 by the Interprovincial Boundary Survey after Marshal Joseph Joffre , commander - in - chief of the French Army during World War I The normal climbing route ( UIAA class III ) is via the north - east ridge up the north face , which is covered by the Mangin Glacier . eos
is a stratovolcano at the northern tip of Kanaga Island in the Aleutian Islands , Alaska . Mount_Kanaga is situated within a caldera , which forms the arcuate Kanaton Ridge south and east of Kanaga . A crater lake occupies part of the SE caldera floor . eos
is situated within a caldera , which forms the arcuate Kanaton Ridge south and east of Kanaga . A crater lake occupies part of the SE caldera floor . The summit of Mount_Kanaga has a crater with fumarolic activity . eos
has a crater with fumarolic activity . Mount_Kanaga is located about 25 km ( 16 mi ) west of the US Navy installation and port on Adak Island . Mount_Kanaga erupted intermittently through much of 1994 , dusting the community of Adak at least once with fine ash . eos
is located about 25 km ( 16 mi ) west of the US Navy installation and port on Adak Island . Mount_Kanaga erupted intermittently through much of 1994 , dusting the community of Adak at least once with fine ash . eos
erupted intermittently through much of 1994 , dusting the community of Adak at least once with fine ash . eos
is an active volcano and the highest point of the Comoros at 2361 m above sea level . Mount_Karthala is the southernmost and largest of the two shield volcanoes forming Grande Comore island , the largest island in the nation of Comoros . Mount_Karthala is notoriously active , having erupted more than 20 times since the 19th century . eos
is the southernmost and largest of the two shield volcanoes forming Grande Comore island , the largest island in the nation of Comoros . Mount_Karthala is notoriously active , having erupted more than 20 times since the 19th century . Frequent eruptions have shaped Mount_Karthala 3 by 4 km summit caldera , but the island has largely escaped broad destruction . eos
is notoriously active , having erupted more than 20 times since the 19th century . Frequent eruptions have shaped Mount_Karthala 3 by 4 km summit caldera , but the island has largely escaped broad destruction . Eruptions on april 17 , 2005 , and May 29 , 2006 have ended a period of quiet . eos
3 by 4 km summit caldera , but the island has largely escaped broad destruction . Eruptions on april 17 , 2005 , and May 29 , 2006 have ended a period of quiet . eos
( USGS name ) is the highest mountain in Maine . Called Katahdin by people local to Mount_Katahdin and by the Penobscot Indians : the term means ` ` The Greatest Mountain '' . Mount_Katahdin is located in east central Piscataquis County about 25 miles ( 40 km ) northwest of Millinocket . eos
and by the Penobscot Indians : the term means ` ` The Greatest Mountain '' . Mount_Katahdin is located in east central Piscataquis County about 25 miles ( 40 km ) northwest of Millinocket . Mount_Katahdin divides the East and West Branches of the Penobscot River and Mount_Katahdin is the northern terminus of the Appalachian Trail . eos
is located in east central Piscataquis County about 25 miles ( 40 km ) northwest of Millinocket . Mount_Katahdin divides the East and West Branches of the Penobscot River and Mount_Katahdin is the northern terminus of the Appalachian Trail . From the low lake country to the south and east , Mount_Katahdin appears to be one of the tallest and most abrupt in the Appalachian Mountains . eos
divides the East and West Branches of the Penobscot River and Mount_Katahdin is the northern terminus of the Appalachian Trail . From the low lake country to the south and east , Mount_Katahdin appears to be one of the tallest and most abrupt in the Appalachian Mountains . eos
is the northern terminus of the Appalachian Trail . From the low lake country to the south and east , Mount_Katahdin appears to be one of the tallest and most abrupt in the Appalachian Mountains . eos
appears to be one of the tallest and most abrupt in the Appalachian Mountains . eos
( "" Russian : Казбек "" , Kazbek ; "" Ossetic : Урсхох "" , Urskhokh ( White Mount ) eos
is located on the border between Russia and Georgia , dominating the town of Stepantsminda near the border with North Ossetia . Mount_Kazbek is the third highest mountain in Georgia ( after Mount Shkhara and Janga ) and the seventh highest peak in the Caucasus Mountains . Georgians call Mount_Kazbek Mqinvari meaning ` ` glacier '' or ` ` Ice Mountain '' . eos
is the third highest mountain in Georgia ( after Mount Shkhara and Janga ) and the seventh highest peak in the Caucasus Mountains . Georgians call Mount_Kazbek Mqinvari meaning ` ` glacier '' or ` ` Ice Mountain '' . Mount_Kazbek is located on the Khokh Range , a mountain range which runs north of the Greater Caucasus Range , and which is pierced by the gorges of the Ardon and the Terek . eos
Mqinvari meaning ` ` glacier '' or ` ` Ice Mountain '' . Mount_Kazbek is located on the Khokh Range , a mountain range which runs north of the Greater Caucasus Range , and which is pierced by the gorges of the Ardon and the Terek . Mount_Kazbek lies along the edge of the Borjomi - Kazbegi Fault ( which is a northern sub - ending of the Anatolian Fault ) . eos
is located on the Khokh Range , a mountain range which runs north of the Greater Caucasus Range , and which is pierced by the gorges of the Ardon and the Terek . Mount_Kazbek lies along the edge of the Borjomi - Kazbegi Fault ( which is a northern sub - ending of the Anatolian Fault ) . The region is highly active tectonically , with numerous small earthquakes occurring at regular intervals . eos
lies along the edge of the Borjomi - Kazbegi Fault ( which is a northern sub - ending of the Anatolian Fault ) . The region is highly active tectonically , with numerous small earthquakes occurring at regular intervals . An active geothermal / hot spring system also surrounds Mount_Kazbek . eos
. Mount_Kazbek represents a dormant volcano , built up of trachyte and sheathed with lava , and Mount_Kazbek has the shape of a double cone , whose base lies at an altitude of 1,770 m ( 5,800 ft ) . Mount_Kazbek is the highest of the volcanic cones of the Kazbegi volcanic group which also includes Mount Khabarjina ( 3142 metres ) . eos
represents a dormant volcano , built up of trachyte and sheathed with lava , and Mount_Kazbek has the shape of a double cone , whose base lies at an altitude of 1,770 m ( 5,800 ft ) . Mount_Kazbek is the highest of the volcanic cones of the Kazbegi volcanic group which also includes Mount Khabarjina ( 3142 metres ) . Owing to the steepness of Mount_Kazbek slopes , the glaciers of Mount_Kazbek are not very large . eos
has the shape of a double cone , whose base lies at an altitude of 1,770 m ( 5,800 ft ) . Mount_Kazbek is the highest of the volcanic cones of the Kazbegi volcanic group which also includes Mount Khabarjina ( 3142 metres ) . Owing to the steepness of Mount_Kazbek slopes , the glaciers of Mount_Kazbek are not very large . eos
is the highest of the volcanic cones of the Kazbegi volcanic group which also includes Mount Khabarjina ( 3142 metres ) . Owing to the steepness of Mount_Kazbek slopes , the glaciers of Mount_Kazbek are not very large . The total combined area of all of Mount_Kazbek glaciers is 135 km ² . eos
slopes , the glaciers of Mount_Kazbek are not very large . The total combined area of all of Mount_Kazbek glaciers is 135 km ² . The best - known glacier is the Dyevdorak ( Devdaraki ) , which creeps down the north - eastern slope into a gorge of the same name , reaching a level of 2,295 m ( 7,530 ft ) . eos
are not very large . The total combined area of all of Mount_Kazbek glaciers is 135 km ² . The best - known glacier is the Dyevdorak ( Devdaraki ) , which creeps down the north - eastern slope into a gorge of the same name , reaching a level of 2,295 m ( 7,530 ft ) . eos
glaciers is 135 km ² . The best - known glacier is the Dyevdorak ( Devdaraki ) , which creeps down the north - eastern slope into a gorge of the same name , reaching a level of 2,295 m ( 7,530 ft ) . Mount_Kazbek other glaciers include the Mna , Denkara , Gergeti , Abano and Chata . eos
other glaciers include the Mna , Denkara , Gergeti , Abano and Chata . The recent collapse of the Kolka Glacier , located in a valley between Mt. Jimara and Mount_Kazbek in 2002 was attributed to sulphuric volcanic activity along the northern slope of Mount_Kazbek , although there was no eruption . At Mount_Kazbek eastern foot runs the Georgian Military Road through the pass of Darial 2,378 m ( 7805 ft ) . eos
in 2002 was attributed to sulphuric volcanic activity along the northern slope of Mount_Kazbek , although there was no eruption . At Mount_Kazbek eastern foot runs the Georgian Military Road through the pass of Darial 2,378 m ( 7805 ft ) . The summit was first climbed in 1868 by D W. Freshfield , A W. Moore , and C Tucker , with a Swiss guide . eos
, although there was no eruption . At Mount_Kazbek eastern foot runs the Georgian Military Road through the pass of Darial 2,378 m ( 7805 ft ) . The summit was first climbed in 1868 by D W. Freshfield , A W. Moore , and C Tucker , with a Swiss guide . eos
eastern foot runs the Georgian Military Road through the pass of Darial 2,378 m ( 7805 ft ) . The summit was first climbed in 1868 by D W. Freshfield , A W. Moore , and C Tucker , with a Swiss guide . eos
( pronounced / ˈkɪərə / ) is a 463.9 metre high mountain lying 4 kilometres northwest of the city of Wollongong , New South Wales , Australia . Mount_Keira distinctive shape and proximity to Wollongong make Mount_Keira a major local landmark . Mount_Keira is noted for the views of the city from the popular summit lookout and Mount_Keira history of coal mining . eos
distinctive shape and proximity to Wollongong make Mount_Keira a major local landmark . Mount_Keira is noted for the views of the city from the popular summit lookout and Mount_Keira history of coal mining . Mount_Keira was formed as part of the Illawarra escarpment fold between 80 and 60 million years ago and the erosion by creeks that ensued . eos
a major local landmark . Mount_Keira is noted for the views of the city from the popular summit lookout and Mount_Keira history of coal mining . Mount_Keira was formed as part of the Illawarra escarpment fold between 80 and 60 million years ago and the erosion by creeks that ensued . eos
is noted for the views of the city from the popular summit lookout and Mount_Keira history of coal mining . Mount_Keira was formed as part of the Illawarra escarpment fold between 80 and 60 million years ago and the erosion by creeks that ensued . Mount_Keira is an indigenous Australian term meaning large lagoon or high mountain . eos
history of coal mining . Mount_Keira was formed as part of the Illawarra escarpment fold between 80 and 60 million years ago and the erosion by creeks that ensued . Mount_Keira is an indigenous Australian term meaning large lagoon or high mountain . eos
was formed as part of the Illawarra escarpment fold between 80 and 60 million years ago and the erosion by creeks that ensued . Mount_Keira is an indigenous Australian term meaning large lagoon or high mountain . The aborigines called Mount_Keira Djera , meaning wild turkey . eos
is an indigenous Australian term meaning large lagoon or high mountain . The aborigines called Mount_Keira Djera , meaning wild turkey . The first maps of the area called Mount_Keira Keera , later adding the i. Mount_Keira is usually pronounced Kee - rah . eos
Djera , meaning wild turkey . The first maps of the area called Mount_Keira Keera , later adding the i. Mount_Keira is usually pronounced Kee - rah . Keira is also the name of the local government area including Mount_Keira and an area of Wollongong 's suburbs . eos
is usually pronounced Kee - rah . Keira is also the name of the local government area including Mount_Keira and an area of Wollongong 's suburbs . Mount Keira is also the name of the suburb on Mount_Keira southern flank , not to be confused with Keiraville on Mount_Keira eastern foothills . eos
Keera , later adding the i. Mount_Keira is usually pronounced Kee - rah . Keira is also the name of the local government area including Mount_Keira and an area of Wollongong 's suburbs . Mount Keira is also the name of the suburb on Mount_Keira southern flank , not to be confused with Keiraville on Mount_Keira eastern foothills . eos
and an area of Wollongong 's suburbs . Mount Keira is also the name of the suburb on Mount_Keira southern flank , not to be confused with Keiraville on Mount_Keira eastern foothills . eos
southern flank , not to be confused with Keiraville on Mount_Keira eastern foothills . eos
eastern foothills . eos
. Kembla is an Aboriginal word meaning ` ` plenty of game '' . Mount_Kembla is a former coal mining town and the home of the miners killed in the Mount Kembla Mining Disaster . eos
is a former coal mining town and the home of the miners killed in the Mount Kembla Mining Disaster . The township contains a local primary school , general store / post office , church and graveyard , several hundred houses and the Mount Kembla Hotel , which was built in the 1887 . The only two ways into the village are from Wollongong , up the residential / bushland Cordeaux Road , its name coming from early settlers , and over from Mount Keira down Harry Graham Drive . eos
. It is currently mining at the Dendrobium site , half a kilometre west of the village . Mount_Kembla is joined to the west by the Illawarra escarpment and in particular a mass with two lower summits , Kembla West ( 512 m ) and Mount Burelli ( 531 m ) . Mount_Kembla forms a prominent peak pointing roughly eastwards . eos
is joined to the west by the Illawarra escarpment and in particular a mass with two lower summits , Kembla West ( 512 m ) and Mount Burelli ( 531 m ) . Mount_Kembla forms a prominent peak pointing roughly eastwards . eos
forms a prominent peak pointing roughly eastwards . eos
( also spelled Kerintji , among several other ways , and referred to as Gunung Kerinci , Gadang , Berapi Kurinci , Kerinchi , Korinci , or Peak of Indrapura as well ) is the highest volcano in Indonesia , and the highest peak in Sumatra . Mount_Kerinci is located in Province of Jambi , the west central part of the island , in the Pegunungan / Bukit Barisan , near the west coast , and Mount_Kerinci is about 130 km south of Padang . Mount_Kerinci is the most prominent feature of the terrain of Kerinci Seblat National Park , with pine - forested slopes rising 2,400 - 3,300 metres above the surrounding basin , and a cone 13 km wide and 25 km long at the base , elongated in the north - south direction . eos
is located in Province of Jambi , the west central part of the island , in the Pegunungan / Bukit Barisan , near the west coast , and Mount_Kerinci is about 130 km south of Padang . Mount_Kerinci is the most prominent feature of the terrain of Kerinci Seblat National Park , with pine - forested slopes rising 2,400 - 3,300 metres above the surrounding basin , and a cone 13 km wide and 25 km long at the base , elongated in the north - south direction . At the summit there is a deep 600 m wide crater , often partially filled with green - yellow water . eos
is about 130 km south of Padang . Mount_Kerinci is the most prominent feature of the terrain of Kerinci Seblat National Park , with pine - forested slopes rising 2,400 - 3,300 metres above the surrounding basin , and a cone 13 km wide and 25 km long at the base , elongated in the north - south direction . At the summit there is a deep 600 m wide crater , often partially filled with green - yellow water . eos
is the most prominent feature of the terrain of Kerinci Seblat National Park , with pine - forested slopes rising 2,400 - 3,300 metres above the surrounding basin , and a cone 13 km wide and 25 km long at the base , elongated in the north - south direction . At the summit there is a deep 600 m wide crater , often partially filled with green - yellow water . Mount_Kerinci is more active than most Indonesian volcanoes , with nearly annual phreatic eruptions . eos
is more active than most Indonesian volcanoes , with nearly annual phreatic eruptions . Mount_Kerinci last erupted in 2004 , and Mount_Kerinci continues to spew clouds of sulphurous smoke , with plumes reaching as high as 1000 m above the summit . While there is farmland in the area , and a tea plantation on Mount_Kerinci southern slope , Mount_Kerinci , being located in an Indonesian national park , and perhaps out of respect for Mount_Kerinci frequent growlings as well , sits in an area that is sparsely populated by Indonesian population - density standards . eos
last erupted in 2004 , and Mount_Kerinci continues to spew clouds of sulphurous smoke , with plumes reaching as high as 1000 m above the summit . While there is farmland in the area , and a tea plantation on Mount_Kerinci southern slope , Mount_Kerinci , being located in an Indonesian national park , and perhaps out of respect for Mount_Kerinci frequent growlings as well , sits in an area that is sparsely populated by Indonesian population - density standards . eos
continues to spew clouds of sulphurous smoke , with plumes reaching as high as 1000 m above the summit . While there is farmland in the area , and a tea plantation on Mount_Kerinci southern slope , Mount_Kerinci , being located in an Indonesian national park , and perhaps out of respect for Mount_Kerinci frequent growlings as well , sits in an area that is sparsely populated by Indonesian population - density standards . eos
frequent growlings as well , sits in an area that is sparsely populated by Indonesian population - density standards . eos
southern slope , Mount_Kerinci , being located in an Indonesian national park , and perhaps out of respect for Mount_Kerinci frequent growlings as well , sits in an area that is sparsely populated by Indonesian population - density standards . eos
, being located in an Indonesian national park , and perhaps out of respect for Mount_Kerinci frequent growlings as well , sits in an area that is sparsely populated by Indonesian population - density standards . eos
with Mount_Kilimanjaro three volcanic cones , Kibo , Mawensi , and Shira , is an inactive stratovolcano in north - eastern Tanzania . Although Mount_Kilimanjaro does not have the highest elevation , Mount_Kilimanjaro is the tallest free - standing mountain rise rising 4600 m from Mount_Kilimanjaro base , and Mount_Kilimanjaro includes the highest peak in Africa at 5,895 meters ( 19,340 ft ) , providing a dramatic view from the surrounding plains . Mount_Kilimanjaro is a Maasai word meaning Large Rock . eos
three volcanic cones , Kibo , Mawensi , and Shira , is an inactive stratovolcano in north - eastern Tanzania . Although Mount_Kilimanjaro does not have the highest elevation , Mount_Kilimanjaro is the tallest free - standing mountain rise rising 4600 m from Mount_Kilimanjaro base , and Mount_Kilimanjaro includes the highest peak in Africa at 5,895 meters ( 19,340 ft ) , providing a dramatic view from the surrounding plains . Mount_Kilimanjaro is a Maasai word meaning Large Rock . eos
does not have the highest elevation , Mount_Kilimanjaro is the tallest free - standing mountain rise rising 4600 m from Mount_Kilimanjaro base , and Mount_Kilimanjaro includes the highest peak in Africa at 5,895 meters ( 19,340 ft ) , providing a dramatic view from the surrounding plains . Mount_Kilimanjaro is a Maasai word meaning Large Rock . eos
is the tallest free - standing mountain rise rising 4600 m from Mount_Kilimanjaro base , and Mount_Kilimanjaro includes the highest peak in Africa at 5,895 meters ( 19,340 ft ) , providing a dramatic view from the surrounding plains . Mount_Kilimanjaro is a Maasai word meaning Large Rock . eos
base , and Mount_Kilimanjaro includes the highest peak in Africa at 5,895 meters ( 19,340 ft ) , providing a dramatic view from the surrounding plains . Mount_Kilimanjaro is a Maasai word meaning Large Rock . eos
includes the highest peak in Africa at 5,895 meters ( 19,340 ft ) , providing a dramatic view from the surrounding plains . Mount_Kilimanjaro is a Maasai word meaning Large Rock . eos
is a Maasai word meaning Large Rock . eos
( Malay : Gunung Kinabalu ) is a prominent mountain in Southeast Asia . Mount_Kinabalu is located in Kinabalu National Park ( a World Heritage Site ) in the east Malaysian state of Sabah , which is on the island of Borneo in the tropics . eos
is located in Kinabalu National Park ( a World Heritage Site ) in the east Malaysian state of Sabah , which is on the island of Borneo in the tropics . In 1997 , a re - survey using satellite technology established Mount_Kinabalu summit ( known as Low 's Peak ) height at 4095 m above sea level , which is some less than the previously thought and hitherto published figure of 4,101 metres ( 13,455 ft ) . Mount_Kinabalu is the fourth tallest in Southeast Asia behind Hkakabo Razi of Myanmar ( 5881 meter ) , Puncak Jaya ( 4884 meter ) and Puncak Trikora ( 4750 meter ) of Papua , Indonesia , and Mount_Kinabalu is therefore also the tallest in Malaysia and on the island of Borneo , which Malaysia shares with Indonesia and Brunei . eos
summit ( known as Low 's Peak ) height at 4095 m above sea level , which is some less than the previously thought and hitherto published figure of 4,101 metres ( 13,455 ft ) . Mount_Kinabalu is the fourth tallest in Southeast Asia behind Hkakabo Razi of Myanmar ( 5881 meter ) , Puncak Jaya ( 4884 meter ) and Puncak Trikora ( 4750 meter ) of Papua , Indonesia , and Mount_Kinabalu is therefore also the tallest in Malaysia and on the island of Borneo , which Malaysia shares with Indonesia and Brunei . Mount_Kinabalu and Mount_Kinabalu surroundings feature a huge variety of flora , and Mount_Kinabalu is one of the world 's most important biological sites . eos
is the fourth tallest in Southeast Asia behind Hkakabo Razi of Myanmar ( 5881 meter ) , Puncak Jaya ( 4884 meter ) and Puncak Trikora ( 4750 meter ) of Papua , Indonesia , and Mount_Kinabalu is therefore also the tallest in Malaysia and on the island of Borneo , which Malaysia shares with Indonesia and Brunei . Mount_Kinabalu and Mount_Kinabalu surroundings feature a huge variety of flora , and Mount_Kinabalu is one of the world 's most important biological sites . The main peak of Mount_Kinabalu ( Low 's Peak ) can be relatively easily climbed by a person with a good physical condition , and requires no mountaineering equipment . eos
is therefore also the tallest in Malaysia and on the island of Borneo , which Malaysia shares with Indonesia and Brunei . Mount_Kinabalu and Mount_Kinabalu surroundings feature a huge variety of flora , and Mount_Kinabalu is one of the world 's most important biological sites . The main peak of Mount_Kinabalu ( Low 's Peak ) can be relatively easily climbed by a person with a good physical condition , and requires no mountaineering equipment . eos
and Mount_Kinabalu surroundings feature a huge variety of flora , and Mount_Kinabalu is one of the world 's most important biological sites . The main peak of Mount_Kinabalu ( Low 's Peak ) can be relatively easily climbed by a person with a good physical condition , and requires no mountaineering equipment . Other peaks along the massif , however , require rock climbing skills . eos
surroundings feature a huge variety of flora , and Mount_Kinabalu is one of the world 's most important biological sites . The main peak of Mount_Kinabalu ( Low 's Peak ) can be relatively easily climbed by a person with a good physical condition , and requires no mountaineering equipment . Other peaks along the massif , however , require rock climbing skills . eos
is one of the world 's most important biological sites . The main peak of Mount_Kinabalu ( Low 's Peak ) can be relatively easily climbed by a person with a good physical condition , and requires no mountaineering equipment . Other peaks along the massif , however , require rock climbing skills . eos
( Low 's Peak ) can be relatively easily climbed by a person with a good physical condition , and requires no mountaineering equipment . Other peaks along the massif , however , require rock climbing skills . eos
is a lofty , generally ice - free mountain in Antarctica 's Queen Alexandra Range . Located 8 km ( 5 mi ) west of Mount Dickerson , Mount_Kirkpatrick is the highest point in the range . Discovered and named by the British Antarctic Expedition ( 1907 - 09 ) , Mount_Kirkpatrick was named for a Glasgow businessman , who was one of the original supporters of the expedition . eos
is the highest point in the range . Discovered and named by the British Antarctic Expedition ( 1907 - 09 ) , Mount_Kirkpatrick was named for a Glasgow businessman , who was one of the original supporters of the expedition . Mount Kilpatrick is an alternate name for Mount_Kirkpatrick . eos
was named for a Glasgow businessman , who was one of the original supporters of the expedition . Mount Kilpatrick is an alternate name for Mount_Kirkpatrick . eos
. eos
is located within the Columbia Icefield of Jasper National Park , which is part of the Canadian Rockies . Mount_Kitchener can be seen from the Icefields Parkway ( # 93 ) near Sunwapta Pass . Mount_Kitchener was originally named Mount Douglas by J Norman Collie after David Douglas . eos
can be seen from the Icefields Parkway ( # 93 ) near Sunwapta Pass . Mount_Kitchener was originally named Mount Douglas by J Norman Collie after David Douglas . In 1916 , Mount_Kitchener was renamed to Mount_Kitchener present day name after Lord Kitchener , who had just been killed in World War I. eos
was originally named Mount Douglas by J Norman Collie after David Douglas . In 1916 , Mount_Kitchener was renamed to Mount_Kitchener present day name after Lord Kitchener , who had just been killed in World War I. eos
was renamed to Mount_Kitchener present day name after Lord Kitchener , who had just been killed in World War I. eos
present day name after Lord Kitchener , who had just been killed in World War I. eos
( Macedonian : Голем Кораб , Golem Korab ; Albanian : Maja e Korabit / Mali i Korabit ) is the highest mountain of the Republic of Macedonia and Albania , Mount_Korab peak forms a frontier between the two countries . Mount_Korab is adjacent to the Aar Mountain . eos
peak forms a frontier between the two countries . Mount_Korab is adjacent to the Aar Mountain . Mount_Korab has a number of peaks that are higher than 2500 metres . eos
is adjacent to the Aar Mountain . Mount_Korab has a number of peaks that are higher than 2500 metres . The most important ones are : * Great Korab ( in Macedonian : Голем Кораб ( Golem Korab ) or Кобилино Поле ( Kobilino Pole ) , Albanian : Maja e Korabit / Mali i Korabit ) ; height from the sea level 2753 m ( older data ) or 2764 m ( newer data confirmed by GPS ) . eos
has a number of peaks that are higher than 2500 metres . The most important ones are : * Great Korab ( in Macedonian : Голем Кораб ( Golem Korab ) or Кобилино Поле ( Kobilino Pole ) , Albanian : Maja e Korabit / Mali i Korabit ) ; height from the sea level 2753 m ( older data ) or 2764 m ( newer data confirmed by GPS ) . * Kepi Bar ( 2,595 m ) eos
, and there is still a mined zone around Mount_Korab . Ascending Mount_Korab is possible from the Macedonian side after complicated bureaucratic procedures , accompanied by a military escort . There are no formal restrictions on climbing Mount_Korab from the Albanian side . eos
. Ascending Mount_Korab is possible from the Macedonian side after complicated bureaucratic procedures , accompanied by a military escort . There are no formal restrictions on climbing Mount_Korab from the Albanian side . eos
is possible from the Macedonian side after complicated bureaucratic procedures , accompanied by a military escort . There are no formal restrictions on climbing Mount_Korab from the Albanian side . The area is now safer and more stable than it has been in recent times , and local inhabitants are generally welcoming and helpful . eos
from the Albanian side . The area is now safer and more stable than it has been in recent times , and local inhabitants are generally welcoming and helpful . It is possible to drive as far as the local village of Radomirё , but the local infrastructure is generally not good . eos
is to join the International climb that is taking part every year in beginning of september . This climb is organized by the mountain club PSD ` ` Korab '' - Skopje . eos
, located in the Snowy Mountains , in Kosciuszko National Park , is the highest mountain in Australia ( not including its external territories ) , at 2,228 m above sea level . Mount_Kosciuszko was named by the Polish explorer Count Paul Strzelecki in 1840 , in honour of the Polish national hero General Tadeusz Kościuszko , because of Mount_Kosciuszko perceived resemblance to the Kościuszko Mound in Krakow . The name of Mount_Kosciuszko was formerly spelled ` ` Mount Kosciusko , '' an Anglicisation ; but the version ` ` Mount Kosciuszko '' was officially adopted in 1997 by the Geographical Names Board of NSW . eos
was named by the Polish explorer Count Paul Strzelecki in 1840 , in honour of the Polish national hero General Tadeusz Kościuszko , because of Mount_Kosciuszko perceived resemblance to the Kościuszko Mound in Krakow . The name of Mount_Kosciuszko was formerly spelled ` ` Mount Kosciusko , '' an Anglicisation ; but the version ` ` Mount Kosciuszko '' was officially adopted in 1997 by the Geographical Names Board of NSW . The common Australian pronunciation of Kosciuszko , ` ` kozzy - osko '' , differs from the pronunciation in Polish , "" IPA : ˈkoɕˈtɕuʃko "" ` ` kosh - CHOOSH - ko '' . eos
perceived resemblance to the Kościuszko Mound in Krakow . The name of Mount_Kosciuszko was formerly spelled ` ` Mount Kosciusko , '' an Anglicisation ; but the version ` ` Mount Kosciuszko '' was officially adopted in 1997 by the Geographical Names Board of NSW . The common Australian pronunciation of Kosciuszko , ` ` kozzy - osko '' , differs from the pronunciation in Polish , "" IPA : ˈkoɕˈtɕuʃko "" ` ` kosh - CHOOSH - ko '' . eos
was formerly spelled ` ` Mount Kosciusko , '' an Anglicisation ; but the version ` ` Mount Kosciuszko '' was officially adopted in 1997 by the Geographical Names Board of NSW . The common Australian pronunciation of Kosciuszko , ` ` kozzy - osko '' , differs from the pronunciation in Polish , "" IPA : ˈkoɕˈtɕuʃko "" ` ` kosh - CHOOSH - ko '' . Various measurements of the peak originally called by that name showed it to be slightly lower than its neighbour , Mount Townsend , and the names were thereupon transposed by the New South Wales Lands Department , so that Mount_Kosciuszko still remains the highest peak of Australia , and Mount Townsend ranks as second . eos
still remains the highest peak of Australia , and Mount Townsend ranks as second . The 1863 picture by Eugene von Guerard hanging in the National Gallery of Australia titled ` ` Northeast view from the northern top of Mount Kosciusko '' is actually from Mt Townsend . eos
is a 5,260 ' mountain at the northern end of the Franconia Range in the White Mountains of New Hampshire . Mount_Lafayette is one of the most popular day - hike destinations in the White Mountain National Forest due to spectacular views at Mount_Lafayette summit and Mount_Lafayette location beside Interstate 93 . The upper portion of Mount_Lafayette is located in the Alpine Zone , an area of little vegetation characterized by rock fields and harsh weather . eos
is one of the most popular day - hike destinations in the White Mountain National Forest due to spectacular views at Mount_Lafayette summit and Mount_Lafayette location beside Interstate 93 . The upper portion of Mount_Lafayette is located in the Alpine Zone , an area of little vegetation characterized by rock fields and harsh weather . A variety of trails lead up over 3,000 vertical feet ( 900 m ) to Mount_Lafayette exposed summit . eos
summit and Mount_Lafayette location beside Interstate 93 . The upper portion of Mount_Lafayette is located in the Alpine Zone , an area of little vegetation characterized by rock fields and harsh weather . A variety of trails lead up over 3,000 vertical feet ( 900 m ) to Mount_Lafayette exposed summit . eos
location beside Interstate 93 . The upper portion of Mount_Lafayette is located in the Alpine Zone , an area of little vegetation characterized by rock fields and harsh weather . A variety of trails lead up over 3,000 vertical feet ( 900 m ) to Mount_Lafayette exposed summit . eos
is located in the Alpine Zone , an area of little vegetation characterized by rock fields and harsh weather . A variety of trails lead up over 3,000 vertical feet ( 900 m ) to Mount_Lafayette exposed summit . The Greenleaf Trail begins at the parking lot for the Cannon Mountain tramway and ascends to the Appalachian Mountain Club 's Greenleaf Hut , then continues to the summit . eos
exposed summit . The Greenleaf Trail begins at the parking lot for the Cannon Mountain tramway and ascends to the Appalachian Mountain Club 's Greenleaf Hut , then continues to the summit . The Bridle Path trail follows a western spur ridge of Mount_Lafayette from Lafayette Place Campground on Interstate 93 past Greenleaf Hut and joins the Greenleaf Trail , reaching the summit 1.1 miles ( 1.8 km ) after the hut . eos
from Lafayette Place Campground on Interstate 93 past Greenleaf Hut and joins the Greenleaf Trail , reaching the summit 1.1 miles ( 1.8 km ) after the hut . The peak is at the junction of the Garfield Ridge Trail , which follows the ridge northeast to Mt. Garfield , and the Franconia Ridge Trail , which leads south to Mts . Lincoln , Liberty , and Flume . eos
. Turning south along the Franconia Ridge Trail , one passes over Mount Lincoln and Little Haystack , then descends via the Falling Waters Trail , which connects back with the beginning of the Old Bridle Path . This loop is 8.9 miles long , with a cumulative vertical elevation gain of about 3900 feet . eos
is the highest point in the Franconia Range , a line of peaks along the east side of Franconia Notch . Mount_Lafayette is the highest peak in New Hampshire outside of the Presidential Range , ranking sixth in elevation on the list of New Hampshire four - thousand footers and fourth in topographic prominence on the New England Fifty Finest list . On the western side , Mount_Lafayette lower slopes lie inside Franconia Notch State Park . eos
is the highest peak in New Hampshire outside of the Presidential Range , ranking sixth in elevation on the list of New Hampshire four - thousand footers and fourth in topographic prominence on the New England Fifty Finest list . On the western side , Mount_Lafayette lower slopes lie inside Franconia Notch State Park . The remainder of Mount_Lafayette lies within the White Mountain National Forest . eos
lower slopes lie inside Franconia Notch State Park . The remainder of Mount_Lafayette lies within the White Mountain National Forest . The summit marks the western border of the Pemigewasset Wilderness Area within the WMNF . eos
lies within the White Mountain National Forest . The summit marks the western border of the Pemigewasset Wilderness Area within the WMNF . eos
is located on the crest of the Sierra Nevada Mountains , on the border of Inyo and Tulare counties , in eastern California in the southwestern United States . To the east is Owens Valley , and to the west is the Kern River Valley . At 14,026 feet ( 4,275 m ) , Mount_Langley is the ninth highest peak in the state , and the seventh highest in the Sierras . eos
is the ninth highest peak in the state , and the seventh highest in the Sierras . Mount Whitney , the highest peak in the contiguous United States , lies 5 miles ( 8 km ) to the northwest . The Geological survey marker at the summit shows an elevation of 14,042 feet . eos
is named after Samuel Pierpont Langley . In the early 1870s , Mount_Langley was confused with Mount Whitney by early climbers , and called by this name . When the mistake was realized , Mount_Langley was alternately called Mount Corcoran , Cirque Peak , or Sheep Mountain ; the former two names being later attached to other mountains . eos
was confused with Mount Whitney by early climbers , and called by this name . When the mistake was realized , Mount_Langley was alternately called Mount Corcoran , Cirque Peak , or Sheep Mountain ; the former two names being later attached to other mountains . But Mount_Langley current name became established in local usage , and was made official by the USGS . eos
was alternately called Mount Corcoran , Cirque Peak , or Sheep Mountain ; the former two names being later attached to other mountains . But Mount_Langley current name became established in local usage , and was made official by the USGS . Mount_Langley is one of the easiest of California 's fourteeners to climb . eos
current name became established in local usage , and was made official by the USGS . Mount_Langley is one of the easiest of California 's fourteeners to climb . A hiking trail starts at nearby Horseshoe Meadow ( elevation of around 10,000 feet ) , passes scenic Cottonwood Lakes , and climbs through New Army Pass . eos
is one of the easiest of California 's fourteeners to climb . A hiking trail starts at nearby Horseshoe Meadow ( elevation of around 10,000 feet ) , passes scenic Cottonwood Lakes , and climbs through New Army Pass . From there climbers make their way across a mountain meadow and up a long gradual slope of rock and gravel before making a Class 2 scramble to the summit . eos
than Old Army Pass , which is recommended for hikers to Mount_Langley when the trail is not impassable due to snow . eos
when the trail is not impassable due to snow . eos
, or Gunung Lawu , is a massive compound stratovolcano in Central Java , Indonesia . The north side is deeply eroded and the eastern side contains parasitic crater lakes and parasitic cones . A fumarolic area is located on the south flank at 2,550 m . eos
took place in 1885 , when rumblings and light volcanic ash falls were reported . eos
is a mountain on the Continental Divide , at the border of Alberta and British Columbia in western Canada . Mount_Lefroy resides on the eastern side of Abbot Pass . Mount_Lefroy was named by George M Dawson in 1894 for Sir John Henry Lefroy ( 1817 - 1890 ) , an astronomer who had traveled over 8800 km in Canada 's north between 1842 - 44 making meteorological and magnetic observations . eos
resides on the eastern side of Abbot Pass . Mount_Lefroy was named by George M Dawson in 1894 for Sir John Henry Lefroy ( 1817 - 1890 ) , an astronomer who had traveled over 8800 km in Canada 's north between 1842 - 44 making meteorological and magnetic observations . Mount_Lefroy is the site of the first fatal climbing accident in Canada . eos
was named by George M Dawson in 1894 for Sir John Henry Lefroy ( 1817 - 1890 ) , an astronomer who had traveled over 8800 km in Canada 's north between 1842 - 44 making meteorological and magnetic observations . Mount_Lefroy is the site of the first fatal climbing accident in Canada . In 1896 during a failed summit bid , Phillip S Abbot slipped on rocks after just coming off an icy section and plummeted down the rock face to his death . eos
is the site of the first fatal climbing accident in Canada . In 1896 during a failed summit bid , Phillip S Abbot slipped on rocks after just coming off an icy section and plummeted down the rock face to his death . eos
is in the Santa Catalina Mountains located in the Coronado National Forest north of Tucson , AZ . . Mount_Lemmon is 9,157 feet above sea - level , and Mount_Lemmon receives approximately 180 inches of snow annually . Mount_Lemmon was named in honor of botanist Sarah Lemmon , who trekked to the top of Mount_Lemmon with Native American guides by mule and foot in 1881 . eos
is 9,157 feet above sea - level , and Mount_Lemmon receives approximately 180 inches of snow annually . Mount_Lemmon was named in honor of botanist Sarah Lemmon , who trekked to the top of Mount_Lemmon with Native American guides by mule and foot in 1881 . Her husband , John Gill Lemmon , an invalid , remained at the base of Mount_Lemmon . eos
receives approximately 180 inches of snow annually . Mount_Lemmon was named in honor of botanist Sarah Lemmon , who trekked to the top of Mount_Lemmon with Native American guides by mule and foot in 1881 . Her husband , John Gill Lemmon , an invalid , remained at the base of Mount_Lemmon . eos
was named in honor of botanist Sarah Lemmon , who trekked to the top of Mount_Lemmon with Native American guides by mule and foot in 1881 . Her husband , John Gill Lemmon , an invalid , remained at the base of Mount_Lemmon . A small town called Summerhaven is on Mount_Lemmon , which includes many cabins , some occupied only part of the year . eos
with Native American guides by mule and foot in 1881 . Her husband , John Gill Lemmon , an invalid , remained at the base of Mount_Lemmon . A small town called Summerhaven is on Mount_Lemmon , which includes many cabins , some occupied only part of the year . eos
. A small town called Summerhaven is on Mount_Lemmon , which includes many cabins , some occupied only part of the year . Much of this town was devastated by the Aspen Fire of 2003 , and recovery is still taking place . eos
, which includes many cabins , some occupied only part of the year . Much of this town was devastated by the Aspen Fire of 2003 , and recovery is still taking place . It is near Ski Valley which is the southernmost ski destination in the continental United States . eos
for several decades all their facilities have been abandoned . The telescopes on Mount_Lemmon are still used for astronomical research today by organizations such as the Catalina Sky Survey , although the most frequent users are participants in the University of Arizona Astronomy Camp program . The location ` Windy Point ' was built by the Federal Bureau of Prisons , using a large number of prisoners over a period of 18 years , and is a popular place for outdoor weddings . eos
are still used for astronomical research today by organizations such as the Catalina Sky Survey , although the most frequent users are participants in the University of Arizona Astronomy Camp program . The location ` Windy Point ' was built by the Federal Bureau of Prisons , using a large number of prisoners over a period of 18 years , and is a popular place for outdoor weddings . There is also an isolated population of American Red Squirrels on Mount_Lemmon , which have been the focus of a number of environmental concerns , and have restricted development . eos
, which have been the focus of a number of environmental concerns , and have restricted development . The Catalina Highway , also called the Mount Lemmon Highway , as well as the Hitchcock Highway ( after Frank Harris Hitchcock , the local newspaper editor who inspired its construction ) runs up the Santa Catalina Mountains from the east side of Tucson up to Summerhaven , at the top of Mount_Lemmon . eos
. The beautiful , curving road is a favorite drive for tourists , for locals escaping summer 's heat , for motorcyclists , and cyclists . The highway has been improved recently , but the speed limit has also been lowered to 35 MPH ( 56 km / h ) due to concerns about the highway 's safety during peak traffic times . eos
, starts in Oracle , which is on state highway 77 northeast of Tucson . It offers a secondary route to the top . Follow East Mount Lemmon Road southeast off East American Avenue eos
is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado . Mount_Lincoln_Colorado is the eighth highest peak in the state , and the 11th highest in the contiguous United States . Mount_Lincoln_Colorado is located in the Mosquito Range , just west of Hoosier Pass , and Mount_Lincoln_Colorado is the highest peak in that range . eos
is the eighth highest peak in the state , and the 11th highest in the contiguous United States . Mount_Lincoln_Colorado is located in the Mosquito Range , just west of Hoosier Pass , and Mount_Lincoln_Colorado is the highest peak in that range . Mount_Lincoln_Colorado lies just east of the Continental Divide in northwestern Park County , approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) east of Climax and near the town of Alma . eos
is located in the Mosquito Range , just west of Hoosier Pass , and Mount_Lincoln_Colorado is the highest peak in that range . Mount_Lincoln_Colorado lies just east of the Continental Divide in northwestern Park County , approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) east of Climax and near the town of Alma . eos
is the highest peak in that range . Mount_Lincoln_Colorado lies just east of the Continental Divide in northwestern Park County , approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) east of Climax and near the town of Alma . eos
lies just east of the Continental Divide in northwestern Park County , approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) east of Climax and near the town of Alma . eos
is a mountain located in southeast Banff National Park in Alberta , Canada . Mount_Louis is part of the Sawback Range . Mount_Louis was named in 1886 after Louis Stewart . eos
is part of the Sawback Range . Mount_Louis was named in 1886 after Louis Stewart . eos
was named in 1886 after Louis Stewart . eos
is a mountain on the southern fold of the San Gabriel Mountains . Originally named Oak Mountain , Mount_Lowe_California was renamed for Professor Thaddeus SC Lowe , who is credited for being the first white man to set foot on and plant the American flag at Mount_Lowe_California peak , and who built the Mount Lowe Railway to Mount_Lowe_California foot in 1896 . The record of the naming was made official by Andrew McNally , the famous Chicago map printer and summertime resident of Altadena , who promised to print ` ` Mount Lowe '' on all his maps . eos
was renamed for Professor Thaddeus SC Lowe , who is credited for being the first white man to set foot on and plant the American flag at Mount_Lowe_California peak , and who built the Mount Lowe Railway to Mount_Lowe_California foot in 1896 . The record of the naming was made official by Andrew McNally , the famous Chicago map printer and summertime resident of Altadena , who promised to print ` ` Mount Lowe '' on all his maps . Mount_Lowe_California was established as an alternate route for the Mount Lowe Railway when attempts to procure rights of way to the more prominent Mount Wilson had failed . eos
peak , and who built the Mount Lowe Railway to Mount_Lowe_California foot in 1896 . The record of the naming was made official by Andrew McNally , the famous Chicago map printer and summertime resident of Altadena , who promised to print ` ` Mount Lowe '' on all his maps . Mount_Lowe_California was established as an alternate route for the Mount Lowe Railway when attempts to procure rights of way to the more prominent Mount Wilson had failed . eos
foot in 1896 . The record of the naming was made official by Andrew McNally , the famous Chicago map printer and summertime resident of Altadena , who promised to print ` ` Mount Lowe '' on all his maps . Mount_Lowe_California was established as an alternate route for the Mount Lowe Railway when attempts to procure rights of way to the more prominent Mount Wilson had failed . eos
was established as an alternate route for the Mount Lowe Railway when attempts to procure rights of way to the more prominent Mount Wilson had failed . A number of trails stem from Mount_Lowe_California due to the Mount Lowe Tavern which was built at Crystal Springs below the summit and operated from 1895 - 1936 . One of the historic trails was the ` ` Mount Lowe Eight '' which was a mule ride attraction of the hotel that made a figure eight shaped route starting at the Tavern , ascending the summit of Mount_Lowe_California , returning to the Tavern , and crisscrossing to a trail that headed down Castle Canyon . eos
due to the Mount Lowe Tavern which was built at Crystal Springs below the summit and operated from 1895 - 1936 . One of the historic trails was the ` ` Mount Lowe Eight '' which was a mule ride attraction of the hotel that made a figure eight shaped route starting at the Tavern , ascending the summit of Mount_Lowe_California , returning to the Tavern , and crisscrossing to a trail that headed down Castle Canyon . From there the trail passed down to the Echo Mountain resort and ascended on the return to the Tavern . eos
, returning to the Tavern , and crisscrossing to a trail that headed down Castle Canyon . From there the trail passed down to the Echo Mountain resort and ascended on the return to the Tavern . Mount_Lowe_California is approachable from Echo Mountain or Chaney trail via a fire road which was graded over the old railway right - of - way . eos
is approachable from Echo Mountain or Chaney trail via a fire road which was graded over the old railway right - of - way . eos
is the third highest mountain in Canada . A long ridge connects Mount_Lucania with Mount Steele ( 5,073 m ) , the fifth highest in Canada . Mount_Lucania is named after a region of southern Italy , known today as Basilicata . eos
with Mount Steele ( 5,073 m ) , the fifth highest in Canada . Mount_Lucania is named after a region of southern Italy , known today as Basilicata . The first ascent of Mount_Lucania was made in 1937 by Bradford Washburn and Robert Hicks Bates . eos
is named after a region of southern Italy , known today as Basilicata . The first ascent of Mount_Lucania was made in 1937 by Bradford Washburn and Robert Hicks Bates . They used an airplane to reach Walsh Glacier , 8,500 ft ( 2,600 m ) above sea level ; the use of air support for mountaineering was novel at the time . eos
was made in 1937 by Bradford Washburn and Robert Hicks Bates . They used an airplane to reach Walsh Glacier , 8,500 ft ( 2,600 m ) above sea level ; the use of air support for mountaineering was novel at the time . Washburn called upon Bob Reeve , a famous Alaskan bush pilot , who later replied by cable to Washburn , ` ` Anywhere you 'll ride , I 'll fly '' . eos
, and after an epic descent and journey to civilization , they hiked over 150 miles through the wilderness to safety in the small town of Burwash Landing in the Yukon . The second ascent of Mount_Lucania was made in 1967 by a team lead by Gerry Roach . eos
was made in 1967 by a team lead by Gerry Roach . eos
is the highest mountain in the US state of Vermont . The peak elevation , in the town of Underhill , is 4,393 ft . ( 1339 m ) above mean sea level . eos
has the appearance of a ( quite elongated ) human face when viewed from the east or west with distinct forehead , nose , lips , chin ( the highest point ) and an Adam 's apple . These features are most distinct when viewed from the east , looking westward . Mount_Mansfield is one of the two spots in Vermont where true alpine tundra survives from the ice ages . eos
is one of the two spots in Vermont where true alpine tundra survives from the ice ages . A few acres exist on Camel 's Hump immediately to the south , but Mount_Mansfield summit still holds about 200 acres . Mount_Mansfield is used for various recreational and commercial purposes . eos
summit still holds about 200 acres . Mount_Mansfield is used for various recreational and commercial purposes . The summit is home to transmitter towers for a number of local TV and radio stations . eos
is used for various recreational and commercial purposes . The summit is home to transmitter towers for a number of local TV and radio stations . Mount_Mansfield has many hiking trails , including the Long Trail , which traverses the main ridgeline . eos
has many hiking trails , including the Long Trail , which traverses the main ridgeline . Additionally , the east flank of Mount_Mansfield is used by the Stowe Mountain Resort for skiing and tourism , and for a toll road that is open to automobiles . eos
is used by the Stowe Mountain Resort for skiing and tourism , and for a toll road that is open to automobiles . eos
or Marathon Mountain is a mountain two miles west of Seward in the Kenai Mountains of Alaska . Mount_Marathon actually derives Mount_Marathon name from the ever - popular Mount Marathon Race held every Fourth of july . eos
actually derives Mount_Marathon name from the ever - popular Mount Marathon Race held every Fourth of july . eos
name from the ever - popular Mount Marathon Race held every Fourth of july . eos
is the highest peak of the Chugach Mountains of Alaska . Mount_Marcus_Baker is located approximately 75 miles ( 121 km ) east of Anchorage . Despite not being a fourteener , Mount_Marcus_Baker is a large peak , because Mount_Marcus_Baker is situated relatively close to tidewater . eos
is located approximately 75 miles ( 121 km ) east of Anchorage . Despite not being a fourteener , Mount_Marcus_Baker is a large peak , because Mount_Marcus_Baker is situated relatively close to tidewater . When ranked by topographic prominence , Mount_Marcus_Baker is one of the top 75 peaks in the world . eos
is a large peak , because Mount_Marcus_Baker is situated relatively close to tidewater . When ranked by topographic prominence , Mount_Marcus_Baker is one of the top 75 peaks in the world . Mount_Marcus_Baker was originally called ` ` Mount Saint Agnes '' ; according to Bradford Washburn , James W Bagley of the USGS named Mount_Marcus_Baker after his wife Agnes , adding the ` ` Saint '' in hopes of making the name stick . eos
is situated relatively close to tidewater . When ranked by topographic prominence , Mount_Marcus_Baker is one of the top 75 peaks in the world . Mount_Marcus_Baker was originally called ` ` Mount Saint Agnes '' ; according to Bradford Washburn , James W Bagley of the USGS named Mount_Marcus_Baker after his wife Agnes , adding the ` ` Saint '' in hopes of making the name stick . eos
is one of the top 75 peaks in the world . Mount_Marcus_Baker was originally called ` ` Mount Saint Agnes '' ; according to Bradford Washburn , James W Bagley of the USGS named Mount_Marcus_Baker after his wife Agnes , adding the ` ` Saint '' in hopes of making the name stick . The name was later changed to honor a cartographer and geologist named Marcus Baker . eos
was originally called ` ` Mount Saint Agnes '' ; according to Bradford Washburn , James W Bagley of the USGS named Mount_Marcus_Baker after his wife Agnes , adding the ` ` Saint '' in hopes of making the name stick . The name was later changed to honor a cartographer and geologist named Marcus Baker . Actually , a number of noted climbers have perished or sustained permanent injury in attempting to summit Mount_Marcus_Baker as climbing conditions can change rapidly as storms arise . eos
after his wife Agnes , adding the ` ` Saint '' in hopes of making the name stick . The name was later changed to honor a cartographer and geologist named Marcus Baker . Actually , a number of noted climbers have perished or sustained permanent injury in attempting to summit Mount_Marcus_Baker as climbing conditions can change rapidly as storms arise . eos
as climbing conditions can change rapidly as storms arise . In early 1988 , State Alaska Fish & amp ; Game biologist , 28-yr old Sylvia Jean Lane succumbed to hypothermia as a two - day storm separated her from the two others in the climbing party attempting to dash to the top in a winter ascent . eos
is a stratovolcano , located on the Alaska Peninsula , United States . Mount_Martin_Alaska is one of the volcanoes in the vicinity of the Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes . Although an eruption in 1953 is now considered questionable and no other confirmed eruptive activity has taken place at Mount_Martin_Alaska , there is intense fumarolic activity within Mount_Martin_Alaska summit crater . eos
is one of the volcanoes in the vicinity of the Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes . Although an eruption in 1953 is now considered questionable and no other confirmed eruptive activity has taken place at Mount_Martin_Alaska , there is intense fumarolic activity within Mount_Martin_Alaska summit crater . The summit crater is also breached to the southeast . eos
, there is intense fumarolic activity within Mount_Martin_Alaska summit crater . The summit crater is also breached to the southeast . The 300 m ( 984 ft ) - wide summit crater is often ice - free due to the geothermal heat and contains an intermittent acidic crater lake . eos
summit crater . The summit crater is also breached to the southeast . The 300 m ( 984 ft ) - wide summit crater is often ice - free due to the geothermal heat and contains an intermittent acidic crater lake . eos
is named for George C Martin , who was the first person to visit the Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes after the 1912 eruption of Novarupta . eos
is the highest peak in the Rimutaka Ranges to the east of Wellington Harbour and the Wellington Region in general . Mount_Matthews reaches a height of 940 metres and although not special on that account , Mount_Matthews has significance in regard to Mount_Matthews distinctive aspect as seen from Wellington the capital city of New Zealand - Mount_Matthews is the highest peak that can be seen on the sky line east of the city . Mount_Matthews reaches just above the bushline and Mount_Matthews can be climbed as a day hike without mountaineering equipment but Mount_Matthews is nevertheless a strenuous and steep climb and a full day should be allowed by the time access to the feet of the ranges is included . eos
reaches a height of 940 metres and although not special on that account , Mount_Matthews has significance in regard to Mount_Matthews distinctive aspect as seen from Wellington the capital city of New Zealand - Mount_Matthews is the highest peak that can be seen on the sky line east of the city . Mount_Matthews reaches just above the bushline and Mount_Matthews can be climbed as a day hike without mountaineering equipment but Mount_Matthews is nevertheless a strenuous and steep climb and a full day should be allowed by the time access to the feet of the ranges is included . Access is gained either from the Wairarapa ( eastern ) side of the Rimutakas or from the Orongorongo River that lies between Wellington and the ranges . eos
has significance in regard to Mount_Matthews distinctive aspect as seen from Wellington the capital city of New Zealand - Mount_Matthews is the highest peak that can be seen on the sky line east of the city . Mount_Matthews reaches just above the bushline and Mount_Matthews can be climbed as a day hike without mountaineering equipment but Mount_Matthews is nevertheless a strenuous and steep climb and a full day should be allowed by the time access to the feet of the ranges is included . Access is gained either from the Wairarapa ( eastern ) side of the Rimutakas or from the Orongorongo River that lies between Wellington and the ranges . eos
distinctive aspect as seen from Wellington the capital city of New Zealand - Mount_Matthews is the highest peak that can be seen on the sky line east of the city . Mount_Matthews reaches just above the bushline and Mount_Matthews can be climbed as a day hike without mountaineering equipment but Mount_Matthews is nevertheless a strenuous and steep climb and a full day should be allowed by the time access to the feet of the ranges is included . Access is gained either from the Wairarapa ( eastern ) side of the Rimutakas or from the Orongorongo River that lies between Wellington and the ranges . eos
is the highest peak that can be seen on the sky line east of the city . Mount_Matthews reaches just above the bushline and Mount_Matthews can be climbed as a day hike without mountaineering equipment but Mount_Matthews is nevertheless a strenuous and steep climb and a full day should be allowed by the time access to the feet of the ranges is included . Access is gained either from the Wairarapa ( eastern ) side of the Rimutakas or from the Orongorongo River that lies between Wellington and the ranges . eos
reaches just above the bushline and Mount_Matthews can be climbed as a day hike without mountaineering equipment but Mount_Matthews is nevertheless a strenuous and steep climb and a full day should be allowed by the time access to the feet of the ranges is included . Access is gained either from the Wairarapa ( eastern ) side of the Rimutakas or from the Orongorongo River that lies between Wellington and the ranges . eos
can be climbed as a day hike without mountaineering equipment but Mount_Matthews is nevertheless a strenuous and steep climb and a full day should be allowed by the time access to the feet of the ranges is included . Access is gained either from the Wairarapa ( eastern ) side of the Rimutakas or from the Orongorongo River that lies between Wellington and the ranges . eos
is nevertheless a strenuous and steep climb and a full day should be allowed by the time access to the feet of the ranges is included . Access is gained either from the Wairarapa ( eastern ) side of the Rimutakas or from the Orongorongo River that lies between Wellington and the ranges . eos
, Gunung Merapi in Indonesian language , is a conical volcano located on the border between Central Java and Yogyakarta , Indonesia . Mount_Merapi is the most active volcano in Indonesia and Mount_Merapi has erupted regularly since 1548 . Mount_Merapi name means Mountain of Fire . eos
is the most active volcano in Indonesia and Mount_Merapi has erupted regularly since 1548 . Mount_Merapi name means Mountain of Fire . Mount_Merapi is very close to the city of Yogyakarta , and thousands of people live on the flanks of Mount_Merapi , with villages as high as 1700 m above sea level . eos
has erupted regularly since 1548 . Mount_Merapi name means Mountain of Fire . Mount_Merapi is very close to the city of Yogyakarta , and thousands of people live on the flanks of Mount_Merapi , with villages as high as 1700 m above sea level . eos
name means Mountain of Fire . Mount_Merapi is very close to the city of Yogyakarta , and thousands of people live on the flanks of Mount_Merapi , with villages as high as 1700 m above sea level . Several of Mount_Merapi eruptions have caused fatalities . eos
is very close to the city of Yogyakarta , and thousands of people live on the flanks of Mount_Merapi , with villages as high as 1700 m above sea level . Several of Mount_Merapi eruptions have caused fatalities . Mount_Merapi was erupting from 1992 to 2002 , and a particularly large explosion killed 43 people in 1994 . eos
, with villages as high as 1700 m above sea level . Several of Mount_Merapi eruptions have caused fatalities . Mount_Merapi was erupting from 1992 to 2002 , and a particularly large explosion killed 43 people in 1994 . eos
eruptions have caused fatalities . Mount_Merapi was erupting from 1992 to 2002 , and a particularly large explosion killed 43 people in 1994 . Mount_Merapi began erupting again in 2006 , and scientists believe a large eruption is imminent . eos
was erupting from 1992 to 2002 , and a particularly large explosion killed 43 people in 1994 . Mount_Merapi began erupting again in 2006 , and scientists believe a large eruption is imminent . In light of the hazards Mount_Merapi poses to populated areas , Mount_Merapi has been designated a Decade Volcano . eos
began erupting again in 2006 , and scientists believe a large eruption is imminent . In light of the hazards Mount_Merapi poses to populated areas , Mount_Merapi has been designated a Decade Volcano . eos
poses to populated areas , Mount_Merapi has been designated a Decade Volcano . eos
has been designated a Decade Volcano . eos
( 10,004 ft / 3,049 m ) is located in the Lewis Range in the US state of Montana . Mount_Merritt is one of six in Glacier National Park over 10,000 ft ( 3,048 m ) . Located in the northeastern part of the park , Mount_Merritt rises dramatically a vertical mile above nearby rivers . eos
is one of six in Glacier National Park over 10,000 ft ( 3,048 m ) . Located in the northeastern part of the park , Mount_Merritt rises dramatically a vertical mile above nearby rivers . The approach to Mount_Merritt involves a one way hike of 13 miles ( 21 km ) to the summit base . eos
rises dramatically a vertical mile above nearby rivers . The approach to Mount_Merritt involves a one way hike of 13 miles ( 21 km ) to the summit base . Near the summit , the Old Sun Glacier hangs along the east ridge . eos
involves a one way hike of 13 miles ( 21 km ) to the summit base . Near the summit , the Old Sun Glacier hangs along the east ridge . eos
is a lofty , mostly ice - free mountain rising to 4,165 metres , located 2.5 mi E of Mount Adam in the central portion of the Admiralty Mountains . Discovered in january 1841 by Capt . James Ross , who named Mount_Minto_Antarctica for the Earl of Minto , then First Lord of the Admiralty . eos
for the Earl of Minto , then First Lord of the Admiralty . eos
is the highest peak of the Appalachian Mountains and the highest peak in eastern North America , excluding island summits . Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina was the highest point in any state of the United States until Texas joined the union in 1845 . The nearest higher point on the North American continent is Harney Peak in the Black Hills of South Dakota . eos
was the highest point in any state of the United States until Texas joined the union in 1845 . The nearest higher point on the North American continent is Harney Peak in the Black Hills of South Dakota . Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina is located near Burnsville in Yancey County , North Carolina , in the Black Mountain subrange of the Appalachians , and about 32 kilometres ( 20 mi ) northeast of Asheville . eos
is located near Burnsville in Yancey County , North Carolina , in the Black Mountain subrange of the Appalachians , and about 32 kilometres ( 20 mi ) northeast of Asheville . Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina is protected by Mount Mitchell State Park and surrounded by the Pisgah National Forest . Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina was named after Elisha Mitchell , a professor at the University of North Carolina , who determined Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina height in 1835 and fell to his death at nearby Mitchell Falls in 1857 , having returned to verify his earlier measurements . eos
is protected by Mount Mitchell State Park and surrounded by the Pisgah National Forest . Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina was named after Elisha Mitchell , a professor at the University of North Carolina , who determined Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina height in 1835 and fell to his death at nearby Mitchell Falls in 1857 , having returned to verify his earlier measurements . The ascent of Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina is now rather easy , since a road off the historic and scenic Blue Ridge Parkway runs nearby , and a trail leads through a conifer forest to the top . eos
was named after Elisha Mitchell , a professor at the University of North Carolina , who determined Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina height in 1835 and fell to his death at nearby Mitchell Falls in 1857 , having returned to verify his earlier measurements . The ascent of Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina is now rather easy , since a road off the historic and scenic Blue Ridge Parkway runs nearby , and a trail leads through a conifer forest to the top . The summit once featured a 40 ft ( 12 m ) stone observation tower , which was torn down in late 2006 and is being replaced by a shorter observation platform . eos
height in 1835 and fell to his death at nearby Mitchell Falls in 1857 , having returned to verify his earlier measurements . The ascent of Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina is now rather easy , since a road off the historic and scenic Blue Ridge Parkway runs nearby , and a trail leads through a conifer forest to the top . The summit once featured a 40 ft ( 12 m ) stone observation tower , which was torn down in late 2006 and is being replaced by a shorter observation platform . eos
is now rather easy , since a road off the historic and scenic Blue Ridge Parkway runs nearby , and a trail leads through a conifer forest to the top . The summit once featured a 40 ft ( 12 m ) stone observation tower , which was torn down in late 2006 and is being replaced by a shorter observation platform . Also at the summit is the tomb of Dr. Mitchell . eos
is very mild in the summer and very harsh in the winter , more like Maine or southeastern Canada than the southeastern US In 1985 , the coldest temperature ever recorded in the state occurred there on january 21 when it fell to -34 ° F ( -37 ° C ) , during a severe cold spell that brought freezing temperatures as far south as Miami . Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina is also the coldest average reporting station in the state at 43.8 ° F or 6.6 ° C which is well below any other station . eos
is also the coldest average reporting station in the state at 43.8 ° F or 6.6 ° C which is well below any other station . The summit is often windy , with the record being 286 km / h or 178 MPH . The high elevations also expose plant life to high levels of pollution , including acid precipitation - rain , snow , and fog with very low pH. These acids damage the spruce and fir trees particularly badly , in part by releasing natural metals from the soil like aluminum , and by leaching important minerals . eos
is still mostly lush and green in the summer , many dead trunks can be seen due to these serious problems . Repairing the damage is a difficult issue , as the pollutants are often carried in from long distances . Sources can be local or hundreds of miles or kilometers away , requiring cooperation from as far away as the Midwest . eos
each spring through autumn , for Mount_Mitchell_North_Carolina incredible views and sunsets . Wildflowers are abundant all summer long . Young fir and spruce trees do well in the subalpine climate , and their pine cones feed the birds along with wild blueberry and blackberry shrubs . eos
incredible views and sunsets . Wildflowers are abundant all summer long . Young fir and spruce trees do well in the subalpine climate , and their pine cones feed the birds along with wild blueberry and blackberry shrubs . eos
, or Grand Monadnock , of Cheshire County , New Hampshire , is the most prominent peak of southeast New England . At 3165 ft , Mount_Monadnock is nearly 1,000 feet ( 305 m ) higher than any mountain peak within 30 miles and Mount_Monadnock rises 2,000 feet ( 610 m ) above the surrounding landscape . Mount_Monadnock bare , isolated , and rocky summit provides expansive views . eos
is nearly 1,000 feet ( 305 m ) higher than any mountain peak within 30 miles and Mount_Monadnock rises 2,000 feet ( 610 m ) above the surrounding landscape . Mount_Monadnock bare , isolated , and rocky summit provides expansive views . A number of hiking trails ascend Mount_Monadnock , including the 110 mile Metacomet - Monadnock Trail and the 50 mile Monadnock - Sunapee Greenway . eos
rises 2,000 feet ( 610 m ) above the surrounding landscape . Mount_Monadnock bare , isolated , and rocky summit provides expansive views . A number of hiking trails ascend Mount_Monadnock , including the 110 mile Metacomet - Monadnock Trail and the 50 mile Monadnock - Sunapee Greenway . eos
bare , isolated , and rocky summit provides expansive views . A number of hiking trails ascend Mount_Monadnock , including the 110 mile Metacomet - Monadnock Trail and the 50 mile Monadnock - Sunapee Greenway . Mount_Monadnock , sixty - two miles northwest of Boston and thirty - eight miles southwest of Concord , is located within the towns of Jaffrey and Dublin , New Hampshire . eos
, including the 110 mile Metacomet - Monadnock Trail and the 50 mile Monadnock - Sunapee Greenway . Mount_Monadnock , sixty - two miles northwest of Boston and thirty - eight miles southwest of Concord , is located within the towns of Jaffrey and Dublin , New Hampshire . The east side of Mount_Monadnock drains into the Contoocook River , thence into the Merrimack River and the Atlantic Ocean ; the north , south , and west sides into the Ashuelot River , thence into the Connecticut River and Long Island Sound . eos
, sixty - two miles northwest of Boston and thirty - eight miles southwest of Concord , is located within the towns of Jaffrey and Dublin , New Hampshire . The east side of Mount_Monadnock drains into the Contoocook River , thence into the Merrimack River and the Atlantic Ocean ; the north , south , and west sides into the Ashuelot River , thence into the Connecticut River and Long Island Sound . eos
drains into the Contoocook River , thence into the Merrimack River and the Atlantic Ocean ; the north , south , and west sides into the Ashuelot River , thence into the Connecticut River and Long Island Sound . eos
is a dome - shaped mountain standing WSW of Mount Discovery and east of Koettlitz Glacier in Victoria Land . Discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition ( 1901 - 04 ) which named Mount_Morning for the Morning , relief ship to the expedition . eos
for the Morning , relief ship to the expedition . eos
is located in the Sierra Nevada Mountains in the state of California , in the southwestern United States . Mount_Morrison_California rises to the south of Convict Lake , in the Sherwin Range , near the town of Mammoth Lakes . Mount_Morrison_California was named after Sheriff Robert Morrison , who was killed near Convict Lake on september 23 , 1871 , as part of a posse pursuing escaped convicts . eos
rises to the south of Convict Lake , in the Sherwin Range , near the town of Mammoth Lakes . Mount_Morrison_California was named after Sheriff Robert Morrison , who was killed near Convict Lake on september 23 , 1871 , as part of a posse pursuing escaped convicts . The natural glass fulgurite appears at the top of Mount_Morrison_California , due to numerous lightning strikes . eos
was named after Sheriff Robert Morrison , who was killed near Convict Lake on september 23 , 1871 , as part of a posse pursuing escaped convicts . The natural glass fulgurite appears at the top of Mount_Morrison_California , due to numerous lightning strikes . eos
, due to numerous lightning strikes . eos
lies within the Kidepo Valley National Park , north - east Uganda , Africa . Mount_Morungole is in the rugged , semi - arid Karamoja province near the border with the Sudan . Neighbouring peaks are Mount Zulia , and the Labwor and Dodoth Hills reach heights in excess of 2,000 meters . eos
is in the rugged , semi - arid Karamoja province near the border with the Sudan . Neighbouring peaks are Mount Zulia , and the Labwor and Dodoth Hills reach heights in excess of 2,000 meters . The local inhabitants were the Ik , who were moved by a previous administration . eos
considering Mount_Morungole a sacred place . eos
a sacred place . eos
is a broad , ice - covered mountain standing 16 km ( 10 mi ) E of Mount Berlin in the Flood Range , Marie Byrd Land . Discovered on aerial flights by the United States Antarctic Service in 1940 , and named for Richard S Moulton , chief dog driver at West Base and a member of the survey party which sledged to the western end of the Flood Range in december 1940 . On the northern slopes of Mount_Moulton , there are steep icefalls , called the Moulton Icefalls . eos
, there are steep icefalls , called the Moulton Icefalls . eos
is a peak in the Sierra Nevada mountain range of California , south of Mount Whitney . Mount_Muir rises to 14015 ft , and Mount_Muir is the eleventh highest peak in the state . Mount_Muir is named for John Muir , founder of the Sierra Club , notable California geologist , and American conservationist . eos
rises to 14015 ft , and Mount_Muir is the eleventh highest peak in the state . Mount_Muir is named for John Muir , founder of the Sierra Club , notable California geologist , and American conservationist . The southernmost section of the John Muir Trail contours along the west side of Mount_Muir near Mount_Muir summit and ends on the summit of Mount Whitney . eos
is the eleventh highest peak in the state . Mount_Muir is named for John Muir , founder of the Sierra Club , notable California geologist , and American conservationist . The southernmost section of the John Muir Trail contours along the west side of Mount_Muir near Mount_Muir summit and ends on the summit of Mount Whitney . eos
is named for John Muir , founder of the Sierra Club , notable California geologist , and American conservationist . The southernmost section of the John Muir Trail contours along the west side of Mount_Muir near Mount_Muir summit and ends on the summit of Mount Whitney . Mount_Muir can be climbed on Mount_Muir west side from the John Muir Trail , involving difficult scrambling up the steep , boulder - strewn slopes to the summit ( YDS Class 2 , Class 3 on the summit block , with some exposure ) . eos
near Mount_Muir summit and ends on the summit of Mount Whitney . Mount_Muir can be climbed on Mount_Muir west side from the John Muir Trail , involving difficult scrambling up the steep , boulder - strewn slopes to the summit ( YDS Class 2 , Class 3 on the summit block , with some exposure ) . The first ascent is not known . eos
summit and ends on the summit of Mount Whitney . Mount_Muir can be climbed on Mount_Muir west side from the John Muir Trail , involving difficult scrambling up the steep , boulder - strewn slopes to the summit ( YDS Class 2 , Class 3 on the summit block , with some exposure ) . The first ascent is not known . eos
can be climbed on Mount_Muir west side from the John Muir Trail , involving difficult scrambling up the steep , boulder - strewn slopes to the summit ( YDS Class 2 , Class 3 on the summit block , with some exposure ) . The first ascent is not known . The east side of Mount_Muir is a spectacular near - vertical cliff about 1400 ft high . eos
west side from the John Muir Trail , involving difficult scrambling up the steep , boulder - strewn slopes to the summit ( YDS Class 2 , Class 3 on the summit block , with some exposure ) . The first ascent is not known . The east side of Mount_Muir is a spectacular near - vertical cliff about 1400 ft high . eos
is a spectacular near - vertical cliff about 1400 ft high . The first route on this side ( the north side of the east buttress ) was first climbed on july 11 , 1935 by Nelson P Nies and John D Mendenhall . It is a roped climb , YDS Class 4 . eos
or Mount Fridtjof Nansen is a prominent mountain , surmounting the steep eastern escarpment of the Eisenhower Range , 17 km ( 11 mi ) south of Mount Baxter , in Victoria Land . Discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition ( 1901 - 04 ) , and named for Fridtjof Nansen , Norwegian Arctic explorer from whom Capt . eos
is the southernmost and highest mountain in the Wasatch Range of Utah , in the United States . Named after the biblical Mount Nebo overlooking Israel , which is said to be the place of Moses ' death , Mount_Nebo_Utah is the centerpiece of the Mount Nebo Wilderness , inside the Uinta National Forest . Mount_Nebo_Utah is crowned by three peaks , with the northern peak reaching 11,928 ft ( 3,636 m ) . eos
is the centerpiece of the Mount Nebo Wilderness , inside the Uinta National Forest . Mount_Nebo_Utah is crowned by three peaks , with the northern peak reaching 11,928 ft ( 3,636 m ) . Original surveys placed the southern peak as the highest at 11,877 ft ( 3,620 m ) . eos
is crowned by three peaks , with the northern peak reaching 11,928 ft ( 3,636 m ) . Original surveys placed the southern peak as the highest at 11,877 ft ( 3,620 m ) . Unfortunately , when Mount_Nebo_Utah was resurveyed in the 1970s and the northern peak was found to be the highest , two substantial trails already led to the south summit . eos
was resurveyed in the 1970s and the northern peak was found to be the highest , two substantial trails already led to the south summit . Parts of Mount_Nebo_Utah are covered in snow from mid - october until july . Mount_Nebo_Utah is a popular , although strenuous , destination for hikers from the nearby town of Nephi , and the city of Salt Lake City . eos
are covered in snow from mid - october until july . Mount_Nebo_Utah is a popular , although strenuous , destination for hikers from the nearby town of Nephi , and the city of Salt Lake City . The Mount Nebo Scenic Byway , a National Scenic Byway , departs I-15 at Payson and climbs to over 9,000 feet before rejoining the interstate at Nephi . eos
is a popular , although strenuous , destination for hikers from the nearby town of Nephi , and the city of Salt Lake City . The Mount Nebo Scenic Byway , a National Scenic Byway , departs I-15 at Payson and climbs to over 9,000 feet before rejoining the interstate at Nephi . The route features panoramic views of Mount_Nebo_Utah and the Utah Valley and Utah Lake far below . eos
and the Utah Valley and Utah Lake far below . There are numerous trailheads along the route for the hiking enthusiast including a short walk to the ` ` Devils Kitchen '' , an area which has been described as a ` ` mini Bryce Canyon '' . eos
is an active stratovolcano in New Zealand . Mount_Ngauruhoe is the youngest vent and highest peak in the Tongariro volcanic complex on the Central Plateau of the North Island , and Mount_Ngauruhoe first erupted about 2,500 years ago . Although seen by most as a volcano in Mount_Ngauruhoe own right , Mount_Ngauruhoe is technically a secondary cone of Mount Tongariro . eos
is the youngest vent and highest peak in the Tongariro volcanic complex on the Central Plateau of the North Island , and Mount_Ngauruhoe first erupted about 2,500 years ago . Although seen by most as a volcano in Mount_Ngauruhoe own right , Mount_Ngauruhoe is technically a secondary cone of Mount Tongariro . Mount_Ngauruhoe lies between the active volcanoes of Mount Tongariro to the north and Mount Ruapehu to the south , to the west of the Rangipo Desert 25 kilometres to the south of the southern shore of Lake Taupo . eos
first erupted about 2,500 years ago . Although seen by most as a volcano in Mount_Ngauruhoe own right , Mount_Ngauruhoe is technically a secondary cone of Mount Tongariro . Mount_Ngauruhoe lies between the active volcanoes of Mount Tongariro to the north and Mount Ruapehu to the south , to the west of the Rangipo Desert 25 kilometres to the south of the southern shore of Lake Taupo . eos
own right , Mount_Ngauruhoe is technically a secondary cone of Mount Tongariro . Mount_Ngauruhoe lies between the active volcanoes of Mount Tongariro to the north and Mount Ruapehu to the south , to the west of the Rangipo Desert 25 kilometres to the south of the southern shore of Lake Taupo . Mount_Ngauruhoe erupted 45 times in the 20th century , making Mount_Ngauruhoe one of the world 's most active volcanoes in that period . eos
is technically a secondary cone of Mount Tongariro . Mount_Ngauruhoe lies between the active volcanoes of Mount Tongariro to the north and Mount Ruapehu to the south , to the west of the Rangipo Desert 25 kilometres to the south of the southern shore of Lake Taupo . Mount_Ngauruhoe erupted 45 times in the 20th century , making Mount_Ngauruhoe one of the world 's most active volcanoes in that period . eos
lies between the active volcanoes of Mount Tongariro to the north and Mount Ruapehu to the south , to the west of the Rangipo Desert 25 kilometres to the south of the southern shore of Lake Taupo . Mount_Ngauruhoe erupted 45 times in the 20th century , making Mount_Ngauruhoe one of the world 's most active volcanoes in that period . Mount_Ngauruhoe last erupted in 1975 . eos
erupted 45 times in the 20th century , making Mount_Ngauruhoe one of the world 's most active volcanoes in that period . Mount_Ngauruhoe last erupted in 1975 . Fumaroles exist inside the inner crater and on the rim of the eastern , outer crater . eos
one of the world 's most active volcanoes in that period . Mount_Ngauruhoe last erupted in 1975 . Fumaroles exist inside the inner crater and on the rim of the eastern , outer crater . eos
last erupted in 1975 . Fumaroles exist inside the inner crater and on the rim of the eastern , outer crater . There are several possible explanations for Mount_Ngauruhoe name . eos
name . The most plausible is Nga Uru Hoe , meaning ` ` throwing heated stones '' . In the early 2000s Mount_Ngauruhoe was used as a stand - in for the fictional Mount Doom in Peter Jackson 's The Lord of the Rings movie trilogy , achieving worldwide exposure . eos
was used as a stand - in for the fictional Mount Doom in Peter Jackson 's The Lord of the Rings movie trilogy , achieving worldwide exposure . eos
is an active volcano in the Virunga Mountains of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , situated about 25 km north of Lake Kivu . Mount_Nyamuragira has been described as Africa 's most active volcano and Mount_Nyamuragira has erupted over 30 times since 1880 . As well as eruptions from the summit , there have been numerous eruptions from the flanks of Mount_Nyamuragira , creating new smaller volcanoes that have lasted only for a short time ( eg Murara from late 1976 to 1977 ) . eos
has been described as Africa 's most active volcano and Mount_Nyamuragira has erupted over 30 times since 1880 . As well as eruptions from the summit , there have been numerous eruptions from the flanks of Mount_Nyamuragira , creating new smaller volcanoes that have lasted only for a short time ( eg Murara from late 1976 to 1977 ) . Mount_Nyamuragira is responsible for a large portion of the sulfur dioxide released into the atmosphere by volcanoes . eos
has erupted over 30 times since 1880 . As well as eruptions from the summit , there have been numerous eruptions from the flanks of Mount_Nyamuragira , creating new smaller volcanoes that have lasted only for a short time ( eg Murara from late 1976 to 1977 ) . Mount_Nyamuragira is responsible for a large portion of the sulfur dioxide released into the atmosphere by volcanoes . eos
, creating new smaller volcanoes that have lasted only for a short time ( eg Murara from late 1976 to 1977 ) . Mount_Nyamuragira is responsible for a large portion of the sulfur dioxide released into the atmosphere by volcanoes . Extensive lava flows can be seen on satellite photographs going 25 km south - west to Lake Kivu , about 22 km north - west and 35 km north - north - east . eos
is responsible for a large portion of the sulfur dioxide released into the atmosphere by volcanoes . Extensive lava flows can be seen on satellite photographs going 25 km south - west to Lake Kivu , about 22 km north - west and 35 km north - north - east . Mount_Nyamuragira is only 13 km north - north - west of Nyiragongo , the volcano which caused extensive damage to the city of Goma in its 2002 eruption . eos
is only 13 km north - north - west of Nyiragongo , the volcano which caused extensive damage to the city of Goma in its 2002 eruption . eos
is a volcano in the Virunga Mountains associated with the Great Rift Valley . Mount_Nyiragongo is located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , about 20 km north of the town of Goma and Lake Kivu and just west of the border with Rwanda . The main crater is 250 m deep , two km wide and sometimes contains a lava lake . eos
is located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , about 20 km north of the town of Goma and Lake Kivu and just west of the border with Rwanda . The main crater is 250 m deep , two km wide and sometimes contains a lava lake . Nyiragongo and nearby Nyamuragira are together responsible for 40 % of Africa 's historical volcanic eruptions . eos
( "" Greek : Όλυμπος "" ; also transliterated as Mount Ólympos , and on modern maps , Óros Ólimbos ) is the highest mountain in Greece at 2,917 meters high ( 9,570 feet ) . Since Mount_Olympus base is located at sea level , Mount_Olympus is one of the highest mountains in Europe , in real absolute altitude from base to top . Mount_Olympus is situated at 40 ° 05 eos
base is located at sea level , Mount_Olympus is one of the highest mountains in Europe , in real absolute altitude from base to top . Mount_Olympus is situated at 40 ° 05 ` N , 22 ° 21 ` E , in mainland Greece . eos
is one of the highest mountains in Europe , in real absolute altitude from base to top . Mount_Olympus is situated at 40 ° 05 ` N , 22 ° 21 ` E , in mainland Greece . eos
is situated at 40 ° 05 ` N , 22 ° 21 ` E , in mainland Greece . Mount_Olympus is located about 100 km away from Thessaloniki , Greece 's second largest city . eos
is located about 100 km away from Thessaloniki , Greece 's second largest city . Mount_Olympus is noted for Mount_Olympus very rich flora with several endemic species . The highest peak on Mount_Olympus is Mitikas at 2,917 meters high ( 9,570 feet ) , which in Greek means ` ` nose '' ( an alternative transliterated spelling of this name is ` ` Mytikas '' ) . eos
is noted for Mount_Olympus very rich flora with several endemic species . The highest peak on Mount_Olympus is Mitikas at 2,917 meters high ( 9,570 feet ) , which in Greek means ` ` nose '' ( an alternative transliterated spelling of this name is ` ` Mytikas '' ) . Mitikas is the highest peak in Greece , the second highest being Skolio ( 2912 m ) . eos
very rich flora with several endemic species . The highest peak on Mount_Olympus is Mitikas at 2,917 meters high ( 9,570 feet ) , which in Greek means ` ` nose '' ( an alternative transliterated spelling of this name is ` ` Mytikas '' ) . Mitikas is the highest peak in Greece , the second highest being Skolio ( 2912 m ) . eos
is Mitikas at 2,917 meters high ( 9,570 feet ) , which in Greek means ` ` nose '' ( an alternative transliterated spelling of this name is ` ` Mytikas '' ) . Mitikas is the highest peak in Greece , the second highest being Skolio ( 2912 m ) . Any climb to Mount_Olympus starts from the town of Litochoro , which took the name City of Gods because of its location on the roots of Mount_Olympus . eos
. Mount Olympus is a popular mountain name . Apart from Mount_Olympus , there was a mountain of the same name in ancient Phrygia and also currently one in Cyprus , one in Utah , one in Washington , on Mars , and many others . eos
starts from the town of Litochoro , which took the name City of Gods because of its location on the roots of Mount_Olympus . Mount Olympus is a popular mountain name . Apart from Mount_Olympus , there was a mountain of the same name in ancient Phrygia and also currently one in Cyprus , one in Utah , one in Washington , on Mars , and many others . eos
, there was a mountain of the same name in ancient Phrygia and also currently one in Cyprus , one in Utah , one in Washington , on Mars , and many others . eos
in Utah , USA is one of the most prominent and recognizable mountains viewable from practically every location in the Salt Lake Valley . Although not the tallest peak along the Wasatch front , Mount_Olympus_Utah is a popular hiking destination for locals . Mount_Olympus_Utah is situated immediately East of the center of the Salt Lake Valley ( due East from Murray and Taylorsville ) . eos
is a popular hiking destination for locals . Mount_Olympus_Utah is situated immediately East of the center of the Salt Lake Valley ( due East from Murray and Taylorsville ) . The highest outcropping on Mount_Olympus_Utah , dubbed ` ` Summit Peak , '' towers above the valley to an elevation of 9026 ft . eos
is situated immediately East of the center of the Salt Lake Valley ( due East from Murray and Taylorsville ) . The highest outcropping on Mount_Olympus_Utah , dubbed ` ` Summit Peak , '' towers above the valley to an elevation of 9026 ft . Thus , the peak looms eos
, dubbed ` ` Summit Peak , '' towers above the valley to an elevation of 9026 ft . Thus , the peak looms about 4800 ft above the valley floor . eos
is the highest mountain in Tasmania , at 1614 metres . Mount_Ossa lies in the heart of Cradle Mountain - Lake St Clair National Park . Mount_Ossa is composed of Jurassic dolerite and Mount_Ossa is named after Mount Ossa in Greece , which features in Greek mythology . eos
lies in the heart of Cradle Mountain - Lake St Clair National Park . Mount_Ossa is composed of Jurassic dolerite and Mount_Ossa is named after Mount Ossa in Greece , which features in Greek mythology . Many other peaks in Tasmania have names derived from the legends and tales of ancient Greece . eos
is composed of Jurassic dolerite and Mount_Ossa is named after Mount Ossa in Greece , which features in Greek mythology . Many other peaks in Tasmania have names derived from the legends and tales of ancient Greece . eos
is named after Mount Ossa in Greece , which features in Greek mythology . Many other peaks in Tasmania have names derived from the legends and tales of ancient Greece . eos
is a summit of Allardyce Range on the South Atlantic / Antarctic island of South Georgia . Mount_Paget is the highest peak in the island of South Georgia , and any territory of the United Kingdom . However , a higher peak still , Mount Jackson , lies within the British Antarctic Territory . eos
is the highest peak in the island of South Georgia , and any territory of the United Kingdom . However , a higher peak still , Mount Jackson , lies within the British Antarctic Territory . Mount_Paget is a saddle - shaped mountain , marking the highest point of the Allardyce Range in the central part of South Georgia . eos
is a saddle - shaped mountain , marking the highest point of the Allardyce Range in the central part of South Georgia . Mount_Paget was known to early sealers and whalers at South Georgia , and the name has long been established through general usage . Mount_Paget is clearly visible from Grytviken and King Edward Point . eos
was known to early sealers and whalers at South Georgia , and the name has long been established through general usage . Mount_Paget is clearly visible from Grytviken and King Edward Point . eos
is clearly visible from Grytviken and King Edward Point . eos
( sometimes Pantocrator , Pantōkrator , αντοκράτωρ in Greek ) is a mountain located in north - eastern Corfu . At 906 m ( 2,972 ft ) Mount_Pantokrator is the highest mountain on the island . At the summit the whole of Corfu can be seen , as well as Albania which lies a short distance from the island . eos
is the highest mountain on the island . At the summit the whole of Corfu can be seen , as well as Albania which lies a short distance from the island . On particularly clear days it is also possible to see Italy despite it being around 130 km ( 80 miles ) away . eos
is a mountain of barren limestone in central Greece Mount_Parnassus towers above Delphi , north of the Gulf of Corinth , and Mount_Parnassus offers scenic views of the surrounding olive groves and countryside . According to Greek mythology , Mount_Parnassus was sacred to Apollo , the Corycian nymphs , and the home of the Muses . Mount_Parnassus was also favored by the Dorians . eos
towers above Delphi , north of the Gulf of Corinth , and Mount_Parnassus offers scenic views of the surrounding olive groves and countryside . According to Greek mythology , Mount_Parnassus was sacred to Apollo , the Corycian nymphs , and the home of the Muses . Mount_Parnassus was also favored by the Dorians . eos
offers scenic views of the surrounding olive groves and countryside . According to Greek mythology , Mount_Parnassus was sacred to Apollo , the Corycian nymphs , and the home of the Muses . Mount_Parnassus was also favored by the Dorians . eos
was sacred to Apollo , the Corycian nymphs , and the home of the Muses . Mount_Parnassus was also favored by the Dorians . The name Parnassos seems etymologically related to the pre - Greek Substratum language ( some call Pelasgian ) that made use of * - ssos in placenames ( eg . Knossos ) . eos
was also favored by the Dorians . The name Parnassos seems etymologically related to the pre - Greek Substratum language ( some call Pelasgian ) that made use of * - ssos in placenames ( eg . Knossos ) . * eos
is an active stratovolcano located on the island of Luzon in the Philippines , at the intersection of the borders of the provinces of Zambales , Tarlac , and Pampanga . Mount_Pinatubo was a stratovolcano made of andesite and dacite . Before 1991 , Mount_Pinatubo was inconspicuous and heavily eroded . eos
was a stratovolcano made of andesite and dacite . Before 1991 , Mount_Pinatubo was inconspicuous and heavily eroded . Mount_Pinatubo was covered in dense forest which supported a population of several thousand indigenous people , the Aeta , who had fled to the mountains from the lowlands when the Spanish conquered the Philippines in 1565 . eos
was inconspicuous and heavily eroded . Mount_Pinatubo was covered in dense forest which supported a population of several thousand indigenous people , the Aeta , who had fled to the mountains from the lowlands when the Spanish conquered the Philippines in 1565 . Mount_Pinatubo eruption in june 1991 , more than 490 years after the last known eruptive activity , produced the second largest terrestrial eruption of the 20th century . eos
was covered in dense forest which supported a population of several thousand indigenous people , the Aeta , who had fled to the mountains from the lowlands when the Spanish conquered the Philippines in 1565 . Mount_Pinatubo eruption in june 1991 , more than 490 years after the last known eruptive activity , produced the second largest terrestrial eruption of the 20th century . Successful predictions of the onset of the climactic eruption led to the evacuation of tens of thousands of people from the surrounding areas , saving many lives , but as the surrounding areas were severely damaged by pyroclastic flows , ash deposits , and later , lahars caused by rainwater remobilising earlier volcanic deposits , thousands of houses were destroyed . eos
eruption in june 1991 , more than 490 years after the last known eruptive activity , produced the second largest terrestrial eruption of the 20th century . Successful predictions of the onset of the climactic eruption led to the evacuation of tens of thousands of people from the surrounding areas , saving many lives , but as the surrounding areas were severely damaged by pyroclastic flows , ash deposits , and later , lahars caused by rainwater remobilising earlier volcanic deposits , thousands of houses were destroyed . The effects of the eruption were felt worldwide . eos
( or sometimes Mount Pulog ) is the second - highest mountain in the Philippines . The borders between the provinces of Benguet , Ifugao , and Nueva Vizcaya meet at Mount_Pulag peak . The climate on Mount_Pulag is tropical with rains predominating the whole year . eos
peak . The climate on Mount_Pulag is tropical with rains predominating the whole year . Rainfall on Mount_Pulag averages 4,489 mm yearly with august being the wettest month with an average rainfall of 1,135 mm . eos
is tropical with rains predominating the whole year . Rainfall on Mount_Pulag averages 4,489 mm yearly with august being the wettest month with an average rainfall of 1,135 mm . Mount_Pulag hosts 528 documented plant species . eos
averages 4,489 mm yearly with august being the wettest month with an average rainfall of 1,135 mm . Mount_Pulag hosts 528 documented plant species . Mount_Pulag is the natural habitat of the endemic dwarf bamboo , ( Yushania niitakayamensis ) and the Benguet pine ( Pinus insularis ) . eos
hosts 528 documented plant species . Mount_Pulag is the natural habitat of the endemic dwarf bamboo , ( Yushania niitakayamensis ) and the Benguet pine ( Pinus insularis ) . Among Mount_Pulag native wildlife are 33 bird species and several threatened mammals such as Philippine deer , giant bushy - tailed cloud rat and long - haired fruit bat . eos
is the natural habitat of the endemic dwarf bamboo , ( Yushania niitakayamensis ) and the Benguet pine ( Pinus insularis ) . Among Mount_Pulag native wildlife are 33 bird species and several threatened mammals such as Philippine deer , giant bushy - tailed cloud rat and long - haired fruit bat . On february 20 , 1987 , a large part of Mount_Pulag was designated as a National Park with Proclamation No . 75 . eos
native wildlife are 33 bird species and several threatened mammals such as Philippine deer , giant bushy - tailed cloud rat and long - haired fruit bat . On february 20 , 1987 , a large part of Mount_Pulag was designated as a National Park with Proclamation No . 75 . This act aims to preserve the environment around Mount_Pulag due to threats from increased development such as conversion to agricultural lands , timber production , hunting , and increased tourism . eos
was designated as a National Park with Proclamation No . 75 . This act aims to preserve the environment around Mount_Pulag due to threats from increased development such as conversion to agricultural lands , timber production , hunting , and increased tourism . The indigenous people of Benguet consider Mount_Pulag to be a sacred place . eos
due to threats from increased development such as conversion to agricultural lands , timber production , hunting , and increased tourism . The indigenous people of Benguet consider Mount_Pulag to be a sacred place . eos
to be a sacred place . eos
is an active stratovolcano in Pierce County , Washington , located southeast of Seattle , Washington , in the United States . Mount_Rainier is the highest peak in the Cascade Range and Cascade Volcanic Arc at 14,411 feet ( 4,392 m ) . Mount_Rainier and the surrounding area are protected within Mount Rainier National Park . eos
is the highest peak in the Cascade Range and Cascade Volcanic Arc at 14,411 feet ( 4,392 m ) . Mount_Rainier and the surrounding area are protected within Mount Rainier National Park . With 26 major glaciers , Mount_Rainier is the most heavily glaciated peak in the lower 48 states with 35 square miles ( 91 km ) of permanent snowfields and glaciers . eos
and the surrounding area are protected within Mount Rainier National Park . With 26 major glaciers , Mount_Rainier is the most heavily glaciated peak in the lower 48 states with 35 square miles ( 91 km ) of permanent snowfields and glaciers . The summit is topped by two volcanic craters , each over 1,000 feet ( 300 m ) in diameter with the larger east crater overlapping the west crater . eos
is the most heavily glaciated peak in the lower 48 states with 35 square miles ( 91 km ) of permanent snowfields and glaciers . The summit is topped by two volcanic craters , each over 1,000 feet ( 300 m ) in diameter with the larger east crater overlapping the west crater . Geothermal heat from Mount_Rainier keeps areas of both crater rims free of snow and ice , and has formed an extensive network of glacier caves within the ice - filled craters . eos
keeps areas of both crater rims free of snow and ice , and has formed an extensive network of glacier caves within the ice - filled craters . A small crater lake , the highest in North America , occupies the lowest portion of the west crater below more than 160 feet ( 50 m ) of ice and is accessible only via the caves . Mount_Rainier was originally known as Talol , or Tahoma , from the Lushootseed word təq "" IPA : ʷ "" ú "" IPA : ʔ eos
was originally known as Talol , or Tahoma , from the Lushootseed word təq "" IPA : ʷ "" ú "" IPA : ʔ "" bə "" IPA : ʔ "" ( ` ` mother of waters '' ) spoken by the Puyallup . eos
has a topographic prominence of 13,210 feet ( 4,026 m ) , greater than that of K2 . Mount_Rainier is a prominent feature of the southern landscape in most of the Seattle metropolitan area . On clear days , Mount_Rainier can also be seen from as far away as Portland , Oregon , and Victoria , British Columbia . eos
is a prominent feature of the southern landscape in most of the Seattle metropolitan area . On clear days , Mount_Rainier can also be seen from as far away as Portland , Oregon , and Victoria , British Columbia . Because of Mount_Rainier scenic dominance , Seattle - Tacoma - area residents often refer to Mount_Rainier simply as ` ` the Mountain . '' eos
can also be seen from as far away as Portland , Oregon , and Victoria , British Columbia . Because of Mount_Rainier scenic dominance , Seattle - Tacoma - area residents often refer to Mount_Rainier simply as ` ` the Mountain . '' The Carbon , Puyallup , Mowich , Nisqually , and Cowlitz Rivers begin at eponymous glaciers of Mount_Rainier . eos
scenic dominance , Seattle - Tacoma - area residents often refer to Mount_Rainier simply as ` ` the Mountain . '' The Carbon , Puyallup , Mowich , Nisqually , and Cowlitz Rivers begin at eponymous glaciers of Mount_Rainier . The sources of the White River are Winthrop , Emmons , and Fryingpan Glaciers . eos
simply as ` ` the Mountain . '' The Carbon , Puyallup , Mowich , Nisqually , and Cowlitz Rivers begin at eponymous glaciers of Mount_Rainier . The sources of the White River are Winthrop , Emmons , and Fryingpan Glaciers . eos
. The sources of the White River are Winthrop , Emmons , and Fryingpan Glaciers . The White , Carbon , and Mowich join the Puyallup River , which discharges into Commencement Bay at Tacoma ; the Nisqually empties into Puget Sound east of Lacey ; and the Cowlitz joins the Columbia River between Kelso and Longview . eos
, or Mount Tatamailau , is the highest mountain in East Timor at 2963 metres . Mount_Ramelau is located approximately 70 km south of the capital Dili and in the district of Ainaro . Mount_Ramelau can be climbed easily at around three or four hours from the nearby town Hato Builico , which is a 1.5 - 2 hour drive from Maubisse . eos
is located approximately 70 km south of the capital Dili and in the district of Ainaro . Mount_Ramelau can be climbed easily at around three or four hours from the nearby town Hato Builico , which is a 1.5 - 2 hour drive from Maubisse . During the period East Timor was a Portuguese colony , Mount_Ramelau was considered the highest mountain of Portugal . eos
can be climbed easily at around three or four hours from the nearby town Hato Builico , which is a 1.5 - 2 hour drive from Maubisse . During the period East Timor was a Portuguese colony , Mount_Ramelau was considered the highest mountain of Portugal . eos
was considered the highest mountain of Portugal . eos
, or Redoubt Volcano , is an active volcano and Mount_Redoubt_Alaska is the highest peak in the Aleutian Range on the Alaska Peninsula in Alaska . Mount_Redoubt_Alaska is located in the Chigmit Mountains ( a subrange of the Aleutians ) , west of Cook Inlet , about 180 km ( 110 miles ) southwest of Anchorage , Alaska . Mount_Redoubt_Alaska erupted in 1902 , 1966 and again in 1989 . eos
is the highest peak in the Aleutian Range on the Alaska Peninsula in Alaska . Mount_Redoubt_Alaska is located in the Chigmit Mountains ( a subrange of the Aleutians ) , west of Cook Inlet , about 180 km ( 110 miles ) southwest of Anchorage , Alaska . Mount_Redoubt_Alaska erupted in 1902 , 1966 and again in 1989 . eos
is located in the Chigmit Mountains ( a subrange of the Aleutians ) , west of Cook Inlet , about 180 km ( 110 miles ) southwest of Anchorage , Alaska . Mount_Redoubt_Alaska erupted in 1902 , 1966 and again in 1989 . The eruption in 1989 spewed volcanic ash to a height of 14,000 m ( 45,000 feet ) and managed to catch eos
erupted in 1902 , 1966 and again in 1989 . The eruption in 1989 spewed volcanic ash to a height of 14,000 m ( 45,000 feet ) and managed to catch a KLM Royal Dutch Airlines Boeing 747 aircraft in its ash plume ( flight 867 landed safely at Anchorage ) . eos
is not a particularly steep peak , but Mount_Redoubt_Alaska is a massive mountain : Mount_Redoubt_Alaska rises 9,000 feet ( 2,700 m ) above the surrounding valleys to the north , south , and southeast in little over 5 miles ( 8 km ) . eos
is a massive mountain : Mount_Redoubt_Alaska rises 9,000 feet ( 2,700 m ) above the surrounding valleys to the north , south , and southeast in little over 5 miles ( 8 km ) . eos
rises 9,000 feet ( 2,700 m ) above the surrounding valleys to the north , south , and southeast in little over 5 miles ( 8 km ) . eos
or Gunung Rinjani is an active volcano in Indonesia on the island of Lombok . Mount_Rinjani rises to 3,726 m ( 12,224 ft ) , making Mount_Rinjani the second highest volcano in Indonesia . The first historical eruption occurred in september of 1847 . eos
rises to 3,726 m ( 12,224 ft ) , making Mount_Rinjani the second highest volcano in Indonesia . The first historical eruption occurred in september of 1847 . The most recent eruption of Mount_Rinjani was on 1 october 2004 . eos
the second highest volcano in Indonesia . The first historical eruption occurred in september of 1847 . The most recent eruption of Mount_Rinjani was on 1 october 2004 . eos
was on 1 october 2004 . The volcano and spectacular Segara Anak crater lake , are protected by a national park established in 1997 . The 6 km by 8.5 km oval - shaped caldera is filled partially by a lake known as Segara Anak ( approximately 2000 m above sea level and estimated at being between 200 m and 300 m deep ) ; the caldera also contains hot springs . eos
( or Robson Peak ) is the highest point in the Canadian Rockies . Mount_Robson is located entirely within Mount Robson Provincial Park of British Columbia , and Mount_Robson is part of the Rainbow Range . Mount_Robson is commonly thought to be the highest point in BC , but that distinction is held by Mount Fairweather at 4663 m . eos
is located entirely within Mount Robson Provincial Park of British Columbia , and Mount_Robson is part of the Rainbow Range . Mount_Robson is commonly thought to be the highest point in BC , but that distinction is held by Mount Fairweather at 4663 m . The highest mountain in Canada is Mount Logan at 5959 m. eos
is part of the Rainbow Range . Mount_Robson is commonly thought to be the highest point in BC , but that distinction is held by Mount Fairweather at 4663 m . The highest mountain in Canada is Mount Logan at 5959 m. eos
is commonly thought to be the highest point in BC , but that distinction is held by Mount Fairweather at 4663 m . The highest mountain in Canada is Mount Logan at 5959 m. Mount_Robson was named in 1915 by Colin Robertson , an employee of the Hudson 's Bay Company . eos
was named in 1915 by Colin Robertson , an employee of the Hudson 's Bay Company . The Texqakallt , a Secwepemc people and the earliest inhabitants of the area , call Mount_Robson Yuh - hai - has - kun or The Mountain of the Spiral Road . Other unofficial names include Cloud Cap Mountain and Snow Cap Mountain . eos
Yuh - hai - has - kun or The Mountain of the Spiral Road . Other unofficial names include Cloud Cap Mountain and Snow Cap Mountain . Mount_Robson boasts great vertical relief over the local terrain . eos
boasts great vertical relief over the local terrain . From Berg Lake Mount_Robson rises almost 8,000 feet to the summit . The north face of Mount_Robson is heavily glaciated and 800 metres ( 2600 ft ) of ice plunge down from the top to the shores of Berg Lake . eos
rises almost 8,000 feet to the summit . The north face of Mount_Robson is heavily glaciated and 800 metres ( 2600 ft ) of ice plunge down from the top to the shores of Berg Lake . The south side of Mount_Robson rises almost 10,000 feet from base - to - summit . eos
is heavily glaciated and 800 metres ( 2600 ft ) of ice plunge down from the top to the shores of Berg Lake . The south side of Mount_Robson rises almost 10,000 feet from base - to - summit . The Emperor Face on the northwest side provides a formidable challenge to climbers attempting a route up this vertical wall of rock and ice . eos
rises almost 10,000 feet from base - to - summit . The Emperor Face on the northwest side provides a formidable challenge to climbers attempting a route up this vertical wall of rock and ice . With the combination of no easy routes up Mount_Robson and frequent severe weather , the result is usually just a handful of successful climbs each year . eos
and frequent severe weather , the result is usually just a handful of successful climbs each year . The south face of Mount_Robson is clearly visible from the Yellowhead Highway ( Highway 16 ) . The north face can be seen from Berg Lake , reached by a 17.5 kilometres ( 10.9 mi ) hike . eos
is clearly visible from the Yellowhead Highway ( Highway 16 ) . The north face can be seen from Berg Lake , reached by a 17.5 kilometres ( 10.9 mi ) hike . eos
is the highest point in the state of Virginia , USA , with a summit elevation of 5,729 feet ( 1,746 metres ) above mean sea level . Mount_Rogers is in Grayson County , about 6.45 miles WSW of Troutdale , Virginia , within the Mount Rogers National Recreation Area . The summit is most easily accessed from Grayson Highlands State Park using a well marked trail system . eos
is in Grayson County , about 6.45 miles WSW of Troutdale , Virginia , within the Mount Rogers National Recreation Area . The summit is most easily accessed from Grayson Highlands State Park using a well marked trail system . It is covered by trees and marked with a National Geodetic Survey triangulation station disk . eos
. Massive rhyolite lava flows erupted at Mount_Rogers during the Precambrian rifting event . Mount_Rogers is also the only place in Virginia that preserves evidence of ancient glaciation . eos
during the Precambrian rifting event . Mount_Rogers is also the only place in Virginia that preserves evidence of ancient glaciation . eos
is also the only place in Virginia that preserves evidence of ancient glaciation . eos
, or just Ruapehu , is an active stratovolcano at the southern end of the Taupo Volcanic Zone in New Zealand . Mount_Ruapehu is 23 kilometres northeast of Ohakune and 40 kilometres southwest of the southern shore of Lake Taupo , within Tongariro National Park . The North Island 's major skifields and only glaciers are on Mount_Ruapehu slopes . eos
is 23 kilometres northeast of Ohakune and 40 kilometres southwest of the southern shore of Lake Taupo , within Tongariro National Park . The North Island 's major skifields and only glaciers are on Mount_Ruapehu slopes . Mount_Ruapehu is one of the world 's most active volcanoes and the largest active volcano in New Zealand . eos
slopes . Mount_Ruapehu is one of the world 's most active volcanoes and the largest active volcano in New Zealand . Mount_Ruapehu is the highest point in the North Island and Mount_Ruapehu includes three major peaks : Tahurangi ( 2,797 m ) , Te Heuheu ( 2,755 m ) and Paretetaitonga ( 2,751 m ) . eos
is one of the world 's most active volcanoes and the largest active volcano in New Zealand . Mount_Ruapehu is the highest point in the North Island and Mount_Ruapehu includes three major peaks : Tahurangi ( 2,797 m ) , Te Heuheu ( 2,755 m ) and Paretetaitonga ( 2,751 m ) . The deep , active crater is between the peaks and fills with a crater lake between major eruptions . eos
is the highest point in the North Island and Mount_Ruapehu includes three major peaks : Tahurangi ( 2,797 m ) , Te Heuheu ( 2,755 m ) and Paretetaitonga ( 2,751 m ) . The deep , active crater is between the peaks and fills with a crater lake between major eruptions . eos
includes three major peaks : Tahurangi ( 2,797 m ) , Te Heuheu ( 2,755 m ) and Paretetaitonga ( 2,751 m ) . The deep , active crater is between the peaks and fills with a crater lake between major eruptions . eos
is the seventh highest peak in the Wind River Range , Wyoming and Mount_Sacagawea was named after Sacagawea , the female Shoshone who accompanied the Lewis and Clark Expedition . The Upper Fremont Glacier is located southeast and the Sacagawea Glacier is northeast of Mount_Sacagawea . Straddling the Continental Divide , Mount_Sacagawea is one mile ( 1.6 km ) northwest of Fremont Peak . eos
was named after Sacagawea , the female Shoshone who accompanied the Lewis and Clark Expedition . The Upper Fremont Glacier is located southeast and the Sacagawea Glacier is northeast of Mount_Sacagawea . Straddling the Continental Divide , Mount_Sacagawea is one mile ( 1.6 km ) northwest of Fremont Peak . eos
. Straddling the Continental Divide , Mount_Sacagawea is one mile ( 1.6 km ) northwest of Fremont Peak . eos
is one mile ( 1.6 km ) northwest of Fremont Peak . eos
is the second highest mountain in both the United States and Canada , being situated on the Alaska and Yukon border . The US side of Mount_Saint_Elias is located within Wrangell - St . Elias National Park and Preserve , while the Canadian side is part of Kluane National Park . eos
is located within Wrangell - St . Elias National Park and Preserve , while the Canadian side is part of Kluane National Park . Mount_Saint_Elias lies about 25 miles ( 40 km ) southwest of Mount Logan , the highest mountain in Canada . eos
lies about 25 miles ( 40 km ) southwest of Mount Logan , the highest mountain in Canada . Mount_Saint_Elias name in Tlingit is Yaas ` éit ` aa Shaa , meaning ` ` mountain behind Icy Bay '' , and Mount_Saint_Elias is occasionally called Shaa Tléin ` ` Big Mountain '' by the Yakutat Tlingit . Mount_Saint_Elias is one of the most important crests of the Kwaashk ` khwáan clan since they used Mount_Saint_Elias as a guide during their journey down the Copper River . eos
name in Tlingit is Yaas ` éit ` aa Shaa , meaning ` ` mountain behind Icy Bay '' , and Mount_Saint_Elias is occasionally called Shaa Tléin ` ` Big Mountain '' by the Yakutat Tlingit . Mount_Saint_Elias is one of the most important crests of the Kwaashk ` khwáan clan since they used Mount_Saint_Elias as a guide during their journey down the Copper River . Mount_Saint_Elias was first sighted by European explorers on july 16 , 1741 by Vitus Bering of Russia . eos
is occasionally called Shaa Tléin ` ` Big Mountain '' by the Yakutat Tlingit . Mount_Saint_Elias is one of the most important crests of the Kwaashk ` khwáan clan since they used Mount_Saint_Elias as a guide during their journey down the Copper River . Mount_Saint_Elias was first sighted by European explorers on july 16 , 1741 by Vitus Bering of Russia . eos
is one of the most important crests of the Kwaashk ` khwáan clan since they used Mount_Saint_Elias as a guide during their journey down the Copper River . Mount_Saint_Elias was first sighted by European explorers on july 16 , 1741 by Vitus Bering of Russia . While some historians contend that Mount_Saint_Elias was named by Bering , others believe that eighteenth century mapmakers named Mount_Saint_Elias after Cape Saint Elias , when Mount_Saint_Elias was left unnamed by Bering . eos
as a guide during their journey down the Copper River . Mount_Saint_Elias was first sighted by European explorers on july 16 , 1741 by Vitus Bering of Russia . While some historians contend that Mount_Saint_Elias was named by Bering , others believe that eighteenth century mapmakers named Mount_Saint_Elias after Cape Saint Elias , when Mount_Saint_Elias was left unnamed by Bering . eos
was first sighted by European explorers on july 16 , 1741 by Vitus Bering of Russia . While some historians contend that Mount_Saint_Elias was named by Bering , others believe that eighteenth century mapmakers named Mount_Saint_Elias after Cape Saint Elias , when Mount_Saint_Elias was left unnamed by Bering . Mount_Saint_Elias is notable for being the highest peak in the world that is so close to tidewater : Mount_Saint_Elias summit rises only 10 miles ( 16 km ) from the head of Taan Fjord , off of Icy Bay . eos
after Cape Saint Elias , when Mount_Saint_Elias was left unnamed by Bering . Mount_Saint_Elias is notable for being the highest peak in the world that is so close to tidewater : Mount_Saint_Elias summit rises only 10 miles ( 16 km ) from the head of Taan Fjord , off of Icy Bay . This gives Mount_Saint_Elias immense vertical relief , comparable to that of Mount McKinley ( Denali ) or peaks in the Himalaya . eos
was left unnamed by Bering . Mount_Saint_Elias is notable for being the highest peak in the world that is so close to tidewater : Mount_Saint_Elias summit rises only 10 miles ( 16 km ) from the head of Taan Fjord , off of Icy Bay . This gives Mount_Saint_Elias immense vertical relief , comparable to that of Mount McKinley ( Denali ) or peaks in the Himalaya . eos
was named by Bering , others believe that eighteenth century mapmakers named Mount_Saint_Elias after Cape Saint Elias , when Mount_Saint_Elias was left unnamed by Bering . Mount_Saint_Elias is notable for being the highest peak in the world that is so close to tidewater : Mount_Saint_Elias summit rises only 10 miles ( 16 km ) from the head of Taan Fjord , off of Icy Bay . This gives Mount_Saint_Elias immense vertical relief , comparable to that of Mount McKinley ( Denali ) or peaks in the Himalaya . eos
is notable for being the highest peak in the world that is so close to tidewater : Mount_Saint_Elias summit rises only 10 miles ( 16 km ) from the head of Taan Fjord , off of Icy Bay . This gives Mount_Saint_Elias immense vertical relief , comparable to that of Mount McKinley ( Denali ) or peaks in the Himalaya . eos
summit rises only 10 miles ( 16 km ) from the head of Taan Fjord , off of Icy Bay . This gives Mount_Saint_Elias immense vertical relief , comparable to that of Mount McKinley ( Denali ) or peaks in the Himalaya . eos
immense vertical relief , comparable to that of Mount McKinley ( Denali ) or peaks in the Himalaya . eos
is a peak in the remote southwestern section of Glacier National Park , in Montana , United States . Mount_Saint_Nicholas is a particularly steep , pointed rock pinnacle , and Mount_Saint_Nicholas distinctive profile is visible from many summits in the southern half of the park . Because even Mount_Saint_Nicholas easiest ascent route is technical , with poor rock quality , Mount_Saint_Nicholas is ` ` considered the most dangerous and difficult mountain for climbers in Glacier National Park . '' eos
is a particularly steep , pointed rock pinnacle , and Mount_Saint_Nicholas distinctive profile is visible from many summits in the southern half of the park . Because even Mount_Saint_Nicholas easiest ascent route is technical , with poor rock quality , Mount_Saint_Nicholas is ` ` considered the most dangerous and difficult mountain for climbers in Glacier National Park . '' ( Edwards 1995:335 ) Mount_Saint_Nicholas excels in terms of steep vertical relief , even by the high standards prevalent in Glacier National Park . eos
distinctive profile is visible from many summits in the southern half of the park . Because even Mount_Saint_Nicholas easiest ascent route is technical , with poor rock quality , Mount_Saint_Nicholas is ` ` considered the most dangerous and difficult mountain for climbers in Glacier National Park . '' ( Edwards 1995:335 ) Mount_Saint_Nicholas excels in terms of steep vertical relief , even by the high standards prevalent in Glacier National Park . eos
easiest ascent route is technical , with poor rock quality , Mount_Saint_Nicholas is ` ` considered the most dangerous and difficult mountain for climbers in Glacier National Park . '' ( Edwards 1995:335 ) Mount_Saint_Nicholas excels in terms of steep vertical relief , even by the high standards prevalent in Glacier National Park . For example , Mount_Saint_Nicholas northwest face rises one vertical mile ( 5,280 ft/1 , 609 m ) in approximately 1.5 horizontal miles ( 7,920 ft/2 .4 km ) . eos
is ` ` considered the most dangerous and difficult mountain for climbers in Glacier National Park . '' ( Edwards 1995:335 ) Mount_Saint_Nicholas excels in terms of steep vertical relief , even by the high standards prevalent in Glacier National Park . For example , Mount_Saint_Nicholas northwest face rises one vertical mile ( 5,280 ft/1 , 609 m ) in approximately 1.5 horizontal miles ( 7,920 ft/2 .4 km ) . eos
excels in terms of steep vertical relief , even by the high standards prevalent in Glacier National Park . For example , Mount_Saint_Nicholas northwest face rises one vertical mile ( 5,280 ft/1 , 609 m ) in approximately 1.5 horizontal miles ( 7,920 ft/2 .4 km ) . Due to Mount_Saint_Nicholas pointed shape and isolation from the Continental Divide , Mount_Saint_Nicholas has similarly precipitous drops in all directions . eos
northwest face rises one vertical mile ( 5,280 ft/1 , 609 m ) in approximately 1.5 horizontal miles ( 7,920 ft/2 .4 km ) . Due to Mount_Saint_Nicholas pointed shape and isolation from the Continental Divide , Mount_Saint_Nicholas has similarly precipitous drops in all directions . In 1926 , Reverend Conrad Wellen , of Havre , Montana , made the first ascent of Mount_Saint_Nicholas . eos
pointed shape and isolation from the Continental Divide , Mount_Saint_Nicholas has similarly precipitous drops in all directions . In 1926 , Reverend Conrad Wellen , of Havre , Montana , made the first ascent of Mount_Saint_Nicholas . This was a significant achievement , since Mount_Saint_Nicholas had been considered by many to be unclimbable . eos
has similarly precipitous drops in all directions . In 1926 , Reverend Conrad Wellen , of Havre , Montana , made the first ascent of Mount_Saint_Nicholas . This was a significant achievement , since Mount_Saint_Nicholas had been considered by many to be unclimbable . eos
. This was a significant achievement , since Mount_Saint_Nicholas had been considered by many to be unclimbable . ( Edwards 1995:42 ) eos
had been considered by many to be unclimbable . ( Edwards 1995:42 ) The standard route is the Northeast Ridge . eos
, this route begins with a straightforward scramble up a gully to a prominent notch . From the notch a thousand vertical feet of somewhat technical climbing remain . ( Edwards 1995:337 ) eos
, better known to most in Los Angeles as Old Baldy or Mount Baldy , is the highest peak in the San Gabriel Mountains of Southern California , USA and the highest point in Los Angeles County . Mount_San_Antonio has two summits . The eastern summit is higher at an elevation of 10,064 feet while the west is at 9,988 feet . eos
has two summits . The eastern summit is higher at an elevation of 10,064 feet while the west is at 9,988 feet . In winter , Mount_San_Antonio snow - capped peaks are usually visible on clear days and dominate the view of the Los Angeles skyline . eos
snow - capped peaks are usually visible on clear days and dominate the view of the Los Angeles skyline . Mount_San_Antonio , Mount_San_Antonio marks a boundary between San Bernardino County and Los Angeles County is called Baldy because of the absence of trees around the summit . The Tongva tribe call Mount_San_Antonio Yoát or Joat , which means snow . eos
, Mount_San_Antonio marks a boundary between San Bernardino County and Los Angeles County is called Baldy because of the absence of trees around the summit . The Tongva tribe call Mount_San_Antonio Yoát or Joat , which means snow . Mount_San_Antonio may host more hikers than any other mountaintop in the western United States ( of those inaccessible by car ) , or so guesses San Gabriel Mountains historian John W Robinson . eos
marks a boundary between San Bernardino County and Los Angeles County is called Baldy because of the absence of trees around the summit . The Tongva tribe call Mount_San_Antonio Yoát or Joat , which means snow . Mount_San_Antonio may host more hikers than any other mountaintop in the western United States ( of those inaccessible by car ) , or so guesses San Gabriel Mountains historian John W Robinson . eos
Yoát or Joat , which means snow . Mount_San_Antonio may host more hikers than any other mountaintop in the western United States ( of those inaccessible by car ) , or so guesses San Gabriel Mountains historian John W Robinson . Mount_San_Antonio is considered to be a cosmic spiritual ` ` recharging '' site by the Aetherius Society . eos
may host more hikers than any other mountaintop in the western United States ( of those inaccessible by car ) , or so guesses San Gabriel Mountains historian John W Robinson . Mount_San_Antonio is considered to be a cosmic spiritual ` ` recharging '' site by the Aetherius Society . The Mount Baldy Zen teaching centre was founded on Mount_San_Antonio in 1972 . eos
is considered to be a cosmic spiritual ` ` recharging '' site by the Aetherius Society . The Mount Baldy Zen teaching centre was founded on Mount_San_Antonio in 1972 . Mount_San_Antonio , along with the nearby peak known as Thunder Mountain , is currently home to the family owned and operated ski resort Mount Baldy Ski Lifts , the closest resort to Los Angeles . eos
in 1972 . Mount_San_Antonio , along with the nearby peak known as Thunder Mountain , is currently home to the family owned and operated ski resort Mount Baldy Ski Lifts , the closest resort to Los Angeles . Nearby lies Mt. Baldy Village , a small seasonal community . eos
, along with the nearby peak known as Thunder Mountain , is currently home to the family owned and operated ski resort Mount Baldy Ski Lifts , the closest resort to Los Angeles . Nearby lies Mt. Baldy Village , a small seasonal community . The village has its own fire department , church , visitor 's center , and one - school school district ; Mt. Baldy School ( the abbreviation is the standard usage ) has about 88 students . eos
3 km SW of the peak , from the observatory at Mount Wilson some 22 miles distant . The exact distance was very accurately surveyed and using the measurements the speed of light was calculated to be 299,796 ± 4 km / s . Nearby is San Antonio Creek , the location of San Antonio Falls . eos
is located in the North Saskatchewan River valley of Banff National Park , in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta , Canada . J Norman Collie named Mount_Saskatchewan_Alberta in 1898 for the nearby Saskatchewan River . A pinnacle unofficially named Lighthouse Tower ( 2,960 m ( 9,711 ft ) ) is located on the eastern ridge of Mount_Saskatchewan_Alberta . eos
in 1898 for the nearby Saskatchewan River . A pinnacle unofficially named Lighthouse Tower ( 2,960 m ( 9,711 ft ) ) is located on the eastern ridge of Mount_Saskatchewan_Alberta . Mount_Saskatchewan_Alberta was first climbed in 1964 by G Boehnisch and L Mackay . eos
. Mount_Saskatchewan_Alberta was first climbed in 1964 by G Boehnisch and L Mackay . eos
was first climbed in 1964 by G Boehnisch and L Mackay . eos
is located in the extreme southwestern corner of Yukon in Kluane National Park and Reserve . Mount_Saskatchewan_Yukon was named in 1967 for the province of Saskatchewan to mark Canada 's centennial . As of 2006 , Mount_Saskatchewan_Yukon remains unclimbed . eos
was named in 1967 for the province of Saskatchewan to mark Canada 's centennial . As of 2006 , Mount_Saskatchewan_Yukon remains unclimbed . The first attempt was made in 1967 as part of Canada 's centennial celebrations . eos
remains unclimbed . The first attempt was made in 1967 as part of Canada 's centennial celebrations . A team from Saskatchewan attempted to climb Mount_Saskatchewan_Yukon in May 2005 to celebrate the centennial of the province . eos
in May 2005 to celebrate the centennial of the province . However , warmer than usual weather conditions and difficulties in finding a relatively safe route rebuffed the attempt . eos
is a mountain located in Mount Seymour Provincial Park in the District of North Vancouver , British Columbia . Mount_Seymour is a part of the North Shore Mountains , rising to the north from the shores of Burrard Inlet and Indian Arm to a summit of 1449 metres above the Indian River and Deep Cove neighbourhoods . Mount_Seymour is most commonly identified for Mount_Seymour ski area of the same name . eos
is a part of the North Shore Mountains , rising to the north from the shores of Burrard Inlet and Indian Arm to a summit of 1449 metres above the Indian River and Deep Cove neighbourhoods . Mount_Seymour is most commonly identified for Mount_Seymour ski area of the same name . Mount_Seymour is named in honour of Frederick Seymour , first governor of the Colony of British Columbia . eos
is most commonly identified for Mount_Seymour ski area of the same name . Mount_Seymour is named in honour of Frederick Seymour , first governor of the Colony of British Columbia . eos
ski area of the same name . Mount_Seymour is named in honour of Frederick Seymour , first governor of the Colony of British Columbia . eos
is named in honour of Frederick Seymour , first governor of the Colony of British Columbia . eos
, a 14,179-foot ( 4,322 m ) stratovolcano , is the second - highest peak in the Cascade Range and the fifth highest peak in California . Mount_Shasta is a member in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and Mount_Shasta is located in Siskiyou County , and Mount_Shasta has an estimated volume of 108 cubic miles ( 450 km ³ ) , making Mount_Shasta the most voluminous stratovolcano of the Cascades . Physically unconnected to any nearby mountain , and rising abruptly from miles of level ground which encircle Mount_Shasta , Mount_Shasta stands some 10,000 feet ( 3,000 m ) above the surrounding area . eos
is a member in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and Mount_Shasta is located in Siskiyou County , and Mount_Shasta has an estimated volume of 108 cubic miles ( 450 km ³ ) , making Mount_Shasta the most voluminous stratovolcano of the Cascades . Physically unconnected to any nearby mountain , and rising abruptly from miles of level ground which encircle Mount_Shasta , Mount_Shasta stands some 10,000 feet ( 3,000 m ) above the surrounding area . Mount_Shasta was memorably described by the poet Joaquin Miller : ` ` Lonely as God , and white as a winter moon , Mount Shasta starts up sudden and solitary from the heart of the great black forests of Northern California . '' eos
is located in Siskiyou County , and Mount_Shasta has an estimated volume of 108 cubic miles ( 450 km ³ ) , making Mount_Shasta the most voluminous stratovolcano of the Cascades . Physically unconnected to any nearby mountain , and rising abruptly from miles of level ground which encircle Mount_Shasta , Mount_Shasta stands some 10,000 feet ( 3,000 m ) above the surrounding area . Mount_Shasta was memorably described by the poet Joaquin Miller : ` ` Lonely as God , and white as a winter moon , Mount Shasta starts up sudden and solitary from the heart of the great black forests of Northern California . '' eos
has an estimated volume of 108 cubic miles ( 450 km ³ ) , making Mount_Shasta the most voluminous stratovolcano of the Cascades . Physically unconnected to any nearby mountain , and rising abruptly from miles of level ground which encircle Mount_Shasta , Mount_Shasta stands some 10,000 feet ( 3,000 m ) above the surrounding area . Mount_Shasta was memorably described by the poet Joaquin Miller : ` ` Lonely as God , and white as a winter moon , Mount Shasta starts up sudden and solitary from the heart of the great black forests of Northern California . '' eos
the most voluminous stratovolcano of the Cascades . Physically unconnected to any nearby mountain , and rising abruptly from miles of level ground which encircle Mount_Shasta , Mount_Shasta stands some 10,000 feet ( 3,000 m ) above the surrounding area . Mount_Shasta was memorably described by the poet Joaquin Miller : ` ` Lonely as God , and white as a winter moon , Mount Shasta starts up sudden and solitary from the heart of the great black forests of Northern California . '' eos
, Mount_Shasta stands some 10,000 feet ( 3,000 m ) above the surrounding area . Mount_Shasta was memorably described by the poet Joaquin Miller : ` ` Lonely as God , and white as a winter moon , Mount Shasta starts up sudden and solitary from the heart of the great black forests of Northern California . '' eos
stands some 10,000 feet ( 3,000 m ) above the surrounding area . Mount_Shasta was memorably described by the poet Joaquin Miller : ` ` Lonely as God , and white as a winter moon , Mount Shasta starts up sudden and solitary from the heart of the great black forests of Northern California . '' eos
was memorably described by the poet Joaquin Miller : ` ` Lonely as God , and white as a winter moon , Mount Shasta starts up sudden and solitary from the heart of the great black forests of Northern California . '' eos
, with an altitude of 14,229 feet ( 4,337 meters ) , is one of the fourteeners of the US State of Colorado . Mount_Shavano is the 17th highest peak in Colorado and a near - neighbor to Tabeguache Peak . Mount_Shavano lies just east of the Continental Divide and just west of the Arkansas River and the town of Salida in Chaffee County . eos
is the 17th highest peak in Colorado and a near - neighbor to Tabeguache Peak . Mount_Shavano lies just east of the Continental Divide and just west of the Arkansas River and the town of Salida in Chaffee County . Mount_Shavano lies in the south - central part of the Sawatch Range , north of Mount Ouray and Mount Chipeta and south of the Collegiate Peaks ( including Mount Princeton , Mount Harvard , and Mount Yale ) . eos
lies just east of the Continental Divide and just west of the Arkansas River and the town of Salida in Chaffee County . Mount_Shavano lies in the south - central part of the Sawatch Range , north of Mount Ouray and Mount Chipeta and south of the Collegiate Peaks ( including Mount Princeton , Mount Harvard , and Mount Yale ) . Mount_Shavano is famous for the Angel of Shavano , a snow formation in the image of an angel that emerges on the east face of Mount_Shavano during snow melt each spring . eos
lies in the south - central part of the Sawatch Range , north of Mount Ouray and Mount Chipeta and south of the Collegiate Peaks ( including Mount Princeton , Mount Harvard , and Mount Yale ) . Mount_Shavano is famous for the Angel of Shavano , a snow formation in the image of an angel that emerges on the east face of Mount_Shavano during snow melt each spring . Mount_Shavano is located within the San Isabel National Forest and Mount_Shavano was named after Chief Shavano of the Ute Tribe . eos
is famous for the Angel of Shavano , a snow formation in the image of an angel that emerges on the east face of Mount_Shavano during snow melt each spring . Mount_Shavano is located within the San Isabel National Forest and Mount_Shavano was named after Chief Shavano of the Ute Tribe . eos
during snow melt each spring . Mount_Shavano is located within the San Isabel National Forest and Mount_Shavano was named after Chief Shavano of the Ute Tribe . eos
is located within the San Isabel National Forest and Mount_Shavano was named after Chief Shavano of the Ute Tribe . eos
was named after Chief Shavano of the Ute Tribe . eos
( pronounced / ʃɨˈʃældən / ) is a moderately active volcano on Unimak Island in the Aleutian Islands chain of Alaska . Mount_Shishaldin is a rather symmetric cone , reminiscent of Mount Fuji , with several smaller , low - profile cones scattered on the Northwest slope . Rising to 2857 m ( 9,373 ft ) above sea level Mount_Shishaldin is the third largest island based volcano in North America and one of the most active volcanoes in the Aleutian Range . eos
is a rather symmetric cone , reminiscent of Mount Fuji , with several smaller , low - profile cones scattered on the Northwest slope . Rising to 2857 m ( 9,373 ft ) above sea level Mount_Shishaldin is the third largest island based volcano in North America and one of the most active volcanoes in the Aleutian Range . eos
is the third largest island based volcano in North America and one of the most active volcanoes in the Aleutian Range . eos
( pronounced sigh ) is a small mountain in the US state of Washington . Although just 4,167 ft high , Mount_Si lies on the western margin of the Cascade Range just above the coastal plains around Puget Sound , and Mount_Si towers over the nearby town of North Bend . Mount_Si was named after local homesteader Josiah eos
lies on the western margin of the Cascade Range just above the coastal plains around Puget Sound , and Mount_Si towers over the nearby town of North Bend . Mount_Si was named after local homesteader Josiah ` ` Uncle Si '' Merritt . eos
towers over the nearby town of North Bend . Mount_Si was named after local homesteader Josiah ` ` Uncle Si '' Merritt . eos
was named after local homesteader Josiah ` ` Uncle Si '' Merritt . Mount_Si was made famous in the show Twin Peaks , which was filmed in North Bend . eos
was made famous in the show Twin Peaks , which was filmed in North Bend . Only about a 45-minute drive from Seattle , Mount_Si is a favorite outdoor destination for Puget Sound locals . On most summer days one can count numerous hikers on the trail to the summit . eos
is a favorite outdoor destination for Puget Sound locals . On most summer days one can count numerous hikers on the trail to the summit . Mount_Si gets between 80 - 100,000 climbers annually . eos
gets between 80 - 100,000 climbers annually . The trail climbs 3,500 ft in about 4 miles , making it an ideal conditioning trip , and it is open during the winter and spring when most of the Cascades are snowed in . Hikers wanting extra exercise will carry up jugs of water in backpacks , then empty them at the top so as to reduce knee stress on the walk down . eos
is the highest volcano in Antarctica , a member of the Volcanic Seven Summits . Mount_Sidley is a massive , mainly snow - covered shield volcano Mount_Sidley is the highest and most imposing of the five extinct volcanic mountains that comprise the Executive Committee Range of Marie Byrd Land . eos
is a massive , mainly snow - covered shield volcano Mount_Sidley is the highest and most imposing of the five extinct volcanic mountains that comprise the Executive Committee Range of Marie Byrd Land . Mount_Sidley is marked by a spectacular caldera on the southern side and Mount_Sidley stands NE of Mount Waesche in the southern part of the range . eos
is the highest and most imposing of the five extinct volcanic mountains that comprise the Executive Committee Range of Marie Byrd Land . Mount_Sidley is marked by a spectacular caldera on the southern side and Mount_Sidley stands NE of Mount Waesche in the southern part of the range . eos
is marked by a spectacular caldera on the southern side and Mount_Sidley stands NE of Mount Waesche in the southern part of the range . Mount_Sidley was discovered by Rear Admiral Richard E Byrd on an airplane flight , november 18 , 1934 , and named by him for Mabelle E Sidley , the daughter of William Horlick who was a contributor to the 1933 - 35 Byrd Antarctic Expedition . Despite Mount_Sidley lofty status , Mount_Sidley languishes in obscurity due to Mount_Sidley extremely remote location . eos
stands NE of Mount Waesche in the southern part of the range . Mount_Sidley was discovered by Rear Admiral Richard E Byrd on an airplane flight , november 18 , 1934 , and named by him for Mabelle E Sidley , the daughter of William Horlick who was a contributor to the 1933 - 35 Byrd Antarctic Expedition . Despite Mount_Sidley lofty status , Mount_Sidley languishes in obscurity due to Mount_Sidley extremely remote location . eos
was discovered by Rear Admiral Richard E Byrd on an airplane flight , november 18 , 1934 , and named by him for Mabelle E Sidley , the daughter of William Horlick who was a contributor to the 1933 - 35 Byrd Antarctic Expedition . Despite Mount_Sidley lofty status , Mount_Sidley languishes in obscurity due to Mount_Sidley extremely remote location . Mount_Sidley is little known even in the mountaineering world compared to the far more famous Mount Erebus , the second highest Antarctic volcano which is located near the US and New Zealand bases on Ross Island . eos
lofty status , Mount_Sidley languishes in obscurity due to Mount_Sidley extremely remote location . Mount_Sidley is little known even in the mountaineering world compared to the far more famous Mount Erebus , the second highest Antarctic volcano which is located near the US and New Zealand bases on Ross Island . eos
languishes in obscurity due to Mount_Sidley extremely remote location . Mount_Sidley is little known even in the mountaineering world compared to the far more famous Mount Erebus , the second highest Antarctic volcano which is located near the US and New Zealand bases on Ross Island . eos
extremely remote location . Mount_Sidley is little known even in the mountaineering world compared to the far more famous Mount Erebus , the second highest Antarctic volcano which is located near the US and New Zealand bases on Ross Island . eos
is little known even in the mountaineering world compared to the far more famous Mount Erebus , the second highest Antarctic volcano which is located near the US and New Zealand bases on Ross Island . eos
is one of the fourteeners of the Sierra Nevada in California . Mount_Sill is located in the Palisades , a group of striking rock peaks with a few small glaciers on their flanks . Mount_Sill is located 0.6 miles ( 1 km ) east of North Palisade , the high point of the group . eos
is located in the Palisades , a group of striking rock peaks with a few small glaciers on their flanks . Mount_Sill is located 0.6 miles ( 1 km ) east of North Palisade , the high point of the group . The two peaks are connected by a high , rocky ridge , on the north side of which lies the Palisade Glacier . eos
is located 0.6 miles ( 1 km ) east of North Palisade , the high point of the group . The two peaks are connected by a high , rocky ridge , on the north side of which lies the Palisade Glacier . Mount_Sill lies on the main Sierra Crest , but Mount_Sill is at a point where the crest turns sharply , giving Mount_Sill particularly striking summit views . eos
lies on the main Sierra Crest , but Mount_Sill is at a point where the crest turns sharply , giving Mount_Sill particularly striking summit views . Routes on Mount_Sill are found on all sides of Mount_Sill and range in difficulty from scrambles ( Class 2 - 3 ) to moderately technical rock climbs ( Yosemite Decimal System 5.7 ) . Mount_Sill is called Nen - i - mish ( ` ` the Guardian of the Valley '' ) by the indigenous Northern Paiute people . eos
is at a point where the crest turns sharply , giving Mount_Sill particularly striking summit views . Routes on Mount_Sill are found on all sides of Mount_Sill and range in difficulty from scrambles ( Class 2 - 3 ) to moderately technical rock climbs ( Yosemite Decimal System 5.7 ) . Mount_Sill is called Nen - i - mish ( ` ` the Guardian of the Valley '' ) by the indigenous Northern Paiute people . eos
particularly striking summit views . Routes on Mount_Sill are found on all sides of Mount_Sill and range in difficulty from scrambles ( Class 2 - 3 ) to moderately technical rock climbs ( Yosemite Decimal System 5.7 ) . Mount_Sill is called Nen - i - mish ( ` ` the Guardian of the Valley '' ) by the indigenous Northern Paiute people . eos
are found on all sides of Mount_Sill and range in difficulty from scrambles ( Class 2 - 3 ) to moderately technical rock climbs ( Yosemite Decimal System 5.7 ) . Mount_Sill is called Nen - i - mish ( ` ` the Guardian of the Valley '' ) by the indigenous Northern Paiute people . Mount_Sill English name was coined by Joseph LeConte in 1904 , in honor of poet Edward Rowland Sill . eos
and range in difficulty from scrambles ( Class 2 - 3 ) to moderately technical rock climbs ( Yosemite Decimal System 5.7 ) . Mount_Sill is called Nen - i - mish ( ` ` the Guardian of the Valley '' ) by the indigenous Northern Paiute people . Mount_Sill English name was coined by Joseph LeConte in 1904 , in honor of poet Edward Rowland Sill . eos
is called Nen - i - mish ( ` ` the Guardian of the Valley '' ) by the indigenous Northern Paiute people . Mount_Sill English name was coined by Joseph LeConte in 1904 , in honor of poet Edward Rowland Sill . eos
English name was coined by Joseph LeConte in 1904 , in honor of poet Edward Rowland Sill . eos
is a dormant shield volcano , rising to 3,110 metres ( 10,203 ft ) and dominating the northwest part of Siple Island , which is separated from the Bakutis Coast , Marie Byrd Land , by the Getz Ice Shelf . Mount_Siple youthful appearance strongly suggests that Mount_Siple last erupted sometime during the Holocene . Mount_Siple is capped by a 4 x 5 km ( 2.5 x 3 mi ) summit caldera , and tuff cones lie on the lower flanks . eos
youthful appearance strongly suggests that Mount_Siple last erupted sometime during the Holocene . Mount_Siple is capped by a 4 x 5 km ( 2.5 x 3 mi ) summit caldera , and tuff cones lie on the lower flanks . Mount_Siple massive volume of 1,800 cubic kilometres ( 430 cu mi ) is comparable to that of Mount Erebus . eos
last erupted sometime during the Holocene . Mount_Siple is capped by a 4 x 5 km ( 2.5 x 3 mi ) summit caldera , and tuff cones lie on the lower flanks . Mount_Siple massive volume of 1,800 cubic kilometres ( 430 cu mi ) is comparable to that of Mount Erebus . eos
is capped by a 4 x 5 km ( 2.5 x 3 mi ) summit caldera , and tuff cones lie on the lower flanks . Mount_Siple massive volume of 1,800 cubic kilometres ( 430 cu mi ) is comparable to that of Mount Erebus . Mount_Siple is named after Paul Allen Siple ( 1908 - 68 ) , American Antarctic explorer and geographer who took part in six Antarctic expeditions , including the two Byrd expeditions of 1928 - 30 and 1933 - 35 ( Siple Coast , Siple Island ) . eos
massive volume of 1,800 cubic kilometres ( 430 cu mi ) is comparable to that of Mount Erebus . Mount_Siple is named after Paul Allen Siple ( 1908 - 68 ) , American Antarctic explorer and geographer who took part in six Antarctic expeditions , including the two Byrd expeditions of 1928 - 30 and 1933 - 35 ( Siple Coast , Siple Island ) . He was in command of the West Base of the US Antarctic Service ( USAS ) , 1939 - 41 , and was navigator on all major exploratory flights from the base , including the flight on which Mount_Siple was discovered . eos
is named after Paul Allen Siple ( 1908 - 68 ) , American Antarctic explorer and geographer who took part in six Antarctic expeditions , including the two Byrd expeditions of 1928 - 30 and 1933 - 35 ( Siple Coast , Siple Island ) . He was in command of the West Base of the US Antarctic Service ( USAS ) , 1939 - 41 , and was navigator on all major exploratory flights from the base , including the flight on which Mount_Siple was discovered . He served as US Army Senior Representative on Operation Highjump , 1946 - 47 ; as Director of Scientific Projects in the planning stages for the US - IGY ; and as the inaugural scientific leader at the US Amundsen - Scott South Pole Station 1956 - 57 . eos
was discovered . He served as US Army Senior Representative on Operation Highjump , 1946 - 47 ; as Director of Scientific Projects in the planning stages for the US - IGY ; and as the inaugural scientific leader at the US Amundsen - Scott South Pole Station 1956 - 57 . According to http://wwwpeaklistorg , Mount_Siple has probably been climbed , but there is no known record of the achievement . eos
has probably been climbed , but there is no known record of the achievement . If Mount_Siple is in fact unclimbed Mount_Siple is the most prominent unclimbed mountain in the world ( see highest unclimbed mountain ) . eos
is the most prominent unclimbed mountain in the world ( see highest unclimbed mountain ) . eos
is in fact unclimbed Mount_Siple is the most prominent unclimbed mountain in the world ( see highest unclimbed mountain ) . eos
is a peak in the Fort Smith Region of Canada 's Northwest Territories . The second highest peak in the Mackenzie Mountains , Mount_Sir_James_MacBrien is named after Major - General Sir James Howden MacBrien who was the head of the Canadian Militia in the mid 1920s . eos
is named after Major - General Sir James Howden MacBrien who was the head of the Canadian Militia in the mid 1920s . eos
, with a height of 10014 feet ( 3052 meters ) , is one of six peaks over 10,000 feet high in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States . Mount_Siyeh is part of the Rocky Mountains . Mount_Siyeh was named after a Blackfoot Indian , Sai - yeh , whose name means ` ` Crazy Dog '' or ` ` Mad Wolf . '' eos
is part of the Rocky Mountains . Mount_Siyeh was named after a Blackfoot Indian , Sai - yeh , whose name means ` ` Crazy Dog '' or ` ` Mad Wolf . '' eos
was named after a Blackfoot Indian , Sai - yeh , whose name means ` ` Crazy Dog '' or ` ` Mad Wolf . '' eos
is a prominent topographical summit located on Blue Ridge within Henry W Coe State Park , just east of Morgan Hill , California . Because Mount_Sizer is the highest point on Blue Ridge and under 10 miles from the park 's headquarters , it makes Mount_Sizer an ideal destination for day hikers . eos
is the highest point on Blue Ridge and under 10 miles from the park 's headquarters , it makes Mount_Sizer an ideal destination for day hikers . There are two ways to reach the summit , one by trails and one by a combination of trail and fire road . eos
an ideal destination for day hikers . There are two ways to reach the summit , one by trails and one by a combination of trail and fire road . The fire road route leads you almost directly up Blue Ridge to Mount_Sizer and is affectionately nicknamed ` ` The Shortcut '' . eos
and is affectionately nicknamed ` ` The Shortcut '' . This road rises roughly 1,500 feet ( 457.2 m ) in 1.3 miles ( 2.1 km ) giving it an average grade of 22 % . To better understand this incline , most paved roads never exceed an 8 % grade in California . eos
is the tenth highest peak in Canada and Mount_Slaggard is located in Kluane National Park and Reserve . eos
is located in Kluane National Park and Reserve . eos
or Gunung Slamet is an active stratovolcano in Central Java , Indonesia . Mount_Slamet has a cluster of around three dozens of cinder cones on the lower southeast - northeast flanks and a single cinder cone on the western flank . Mount_Slamet is composed by two overlapping edifices . eos
has a cluster of around three dozens of cinder cones on the lower southeast - northeast flanks and a single cinder cone on the western flank . Mount_Slamet is composed by two overlapping edifices . Four craters are found at the summit . eos
is composed by two overlapping edifices . Four craters are found at the summit . Historical eruptions have been recorded since the eighteenth century . eos
is a mountain in Jasper National Park , Alberta , Canada . Mount_Smythe is located in the Sir Winston Churchill Range , southwest of Gong Peak and north of Mount Nelson . Mount_Smythe reaches a height of 3,246 m ( 10,650 ft ) . eos
is located in the Sir Winston Churchill Range , southwest of Gong Peak and north of Mount Nelson . Mount_Smythe reaches a height of 3,246 m ( 10,650 ft ) . Mount_Smythe was named after Francis Sydney Smythe , an international mountaineer who climbed in the Himalaya , Alps and the Canadian Rockies . eos
reaches a height of 3,246 m ( 10,650 ft ) . Mount_Smythe was named after Francis Sydney Smythe , an international mountaineer who climbed in the Himalaya , Alps and the Canadian Rockies . eos
was named after Francis Sydney Smythe , an international mountaineer who climbed in the Himalaya , Alps and the Canadian Rockies . eos
is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the US state of Colorado . Mount_Sneffels is located in the Mount Sneffels Wilderness of the northern San Juan Mountains , in Ouray County approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of the town of Ouray . The primary route to the summit follows a creek bed up from Yankee Boy Basin . eos
is located in the Mount Sneffels Wilderness of the northern San Juan Mountains , in Ouray County approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of the town of Ouray . The primary route to the summit follows a creek bed up from Yankee Boy Basin . A secondary route follows a ridge line to the summit from the saddle of Blue Lakes Pass . eos
was named after the volcano Snæfellsjökull ( or Snæfell ) in Iceland featured in the Jules Verne novel Journey to the Centre of the Earth . The area on the western flank of Mount_Sneffels gives the appearance of volcanic crater . Seen from the Dallas Divide on Colorado State Highway 62 , Mount_Sneffels is one of the most photographed mountains in Colorado . eos
gives the appearance of volcanic crater . Seen from the Dallas Divide on Colorado State Highway 62 , Mount_Sneffels is one of the most photographed mountains in Colorado . eos
is one of the most photographed mountains in Colorado . eos
is a mountain located in the Ruwenzori Range . Mount_Stanley is the highest mountain of both the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda , and the third highest in Africa , after Kilimanjaro ( 5,895 m ) and Mount Kenya ( 5,199 m ) . The peak and several other surrounding peaks are high enough to support glaciers . eos
is the highest mountain of both the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda , and the third highest in Africa , after Kilimanjaro ( 5,895 m ) and Mount Kenya ( 5,199 m ) . The peak and several other surrounding peaks are high enough to support glaciers . Mount_Stanley consists of two twin summits and several lower peaks . eos
consists of two twin summits and several lower peaks . Mount_Stanley was first climbed in 1906 by Duke of the Abruzzi , J Petigax , C Ollier and J Brocherel . Margherita Peak is named after Queen Margherita of Savoy . eos
was first climbed in 1906 by Duke of the Abruzzi , J Petigax , C Ollier and J Brocherel . Margherita Peak is named after Queen Margherita of Savoy . eos
is the fifth highest mountain in Canada and the tenth highest peak in North America . A lower southeast peak of Mount_Steele stands at 4,300 m ( 14,108 ft ) . Mount_Steele was named after Sam Steele , the North West Mounted Police officer in charge of the force in the Yukon during the Klondike Gold Rush . eos
stands at 4,300 m ( 14,108 ft ) . Mount_Steele was named after Sam Steele , the North West Mounted Police officer in charge of the force in the Yukon during the Klondike Gold Rush . eos
was named after Sam Steele , the North West Mounted Police officer in charge of the force in the Yukon during the Klondike Gold Rush . eos
is a prominent mountain standing 6.4 km ( 4 mi ) NNW of Mount Frakes in the Crary Mountains of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica . Mapped by USGS from ground surveys and US Navy air photos , 1959 - 66 . Named by US - ACAN for William C Steere , biologist at McMurdo Station , 1964 - 65 season . eos
is the second highest peak in Glacier National Park , located in Montana , United States . Mount_Stimson is part of the Lewis Range , which spans much of the park . Mount_Stimson is located in the remote southwestern portion of the park , approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of the Continental Divide and 12 miles ( 19 km ) southeast of Lake McDonald . eos
is part of the Lewis Range , which spans much of the park . Mount_Stimson is located in the remote southwestern portion of the park , approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of the Continental Divide and 12 miles ( 19 km ) southeast of Lake McDonald . Mount_Stimson is drained by Pinchot Creek ( on the south ) and Nyack Creek ( on the other sides ) , both of which flow into the Middle Fork of the Flathead River . eos
is located in the remote southwestern portion of the park , approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of the Continental Divide and 12 miles ( 19 km ) southeast of Lake McDonald . Mount_Stimson is drained by Pinchot Creek ( on the south ) and Nyack Creek ( on the other sides ) , both of which flow into the Middle Fork of the Flathead River . Mount_Stimson is named for Henry L Stimson ( 1867 - 1950 ) , former US Secretary of State . eos
is drained by Pinchot Creek ( on the south ) and Nyack Creek ( on the other sides ) , both of which flow into the Middle Fork of the Flathead River . Mount_Stimson is named for Henry L Stimson ( 1867 - 1950 ) , former US Secretary of State . Mount_Stimson is notable for Mount_Stimson large , steep rise above local terrain . eos
is named for Henry L Stimson ( 1867 - 1950 ) , former US Secretary of State . Mount_Stimson is notable for Mount_Stimson large , steep rise above local terrain . For example , Mount_Stimson northwest face rises over 6200 ft ( 1890 m ) from Nyack Creek in only 1.8 mi ( 9,500 ft/2 .9 km ) . eos
is notable for Mount_Stimson large , steep rise above local terrain . For example , Mount_Stimson northwest face rises over 6200 ft ( 1890 m ) from Nyack Creek in only 1.8 mi ( 9,500 ft/2 .9 km ) . This makes Mount_Stimson ` ` truly a monster of a mountain . '' eos
large , steep rise above local terrain . For example , Mount_Stimson northwest face rises over 6200 ft ( 1890 m ) from Nyack Creek in only 1.8 mi ( 9,500 ft/2 .9 km ) . This makes Mount_Stimson ` ` truly a monster of a mountain . '' eos
northwest face rises over 6200 ft ( 1890 m ) from Nyack Creek in only 1.8 mi ( 9,500 ft/2 .9 km ) . This makes Mount_Stimson ` ` truly a monster of a mountain . '' ( Edwards 1995:329 ) . eos
` ` truly a monster of a mountain . '' ( Edwards 1995:329 ) . Mount_Stimson is also notable for Mount_Stimson isolation ; Mount_Stimson is one of the furthest peaks from a roadhead in the park . eos
is also notable for Mount_Stimson isolation ; Mount_Stimson is one of the furthest peaks from a roadhead in the park . The first recorded ascent of Mount_Stimson was in 1951 , by J Gordon Edwards and Alice Edwards ; however they found clear evidence of a previous ascent . The standard route of ascent is the West ( or Northwest ) eos
isolation ; Mount_Stimson is one of the furthest peaks from a roadhead in the park . The first recorded ascent of Mount_Stimson was in 1951 , by J Gordon Edwards and Alice Edwards ; however they found clear evidence of a previous ascent . The standard route of ascent is the West ( or Northwest ) eos
is one of the furthest peaks from a roadhead in the park . The first recorded ascent of Mount_Stimson was in 1951 , by J Gordon Edwards and Alice Edwards ; however they found clear evidence of a previous ascent . The standard route of ascent is the West ( or Northwest ) eos
was in 1951 , by J Gordon Edwards and Alice Edwards ; however they found clear evidence of a previous ascent . The standard route of ascent is the West ( or Northwest ) Face Route , starting from Nyack Creek . eos
include the Southeast Spur ( from Martha 's Basin ) and the Pinchot Creek Route ( from the south ) . eos
, or Goropi , is the highest peak of the Goropu Mountains , part of the Owen Stanley Range in southeastern Papua New Guinea . Mount_Suckling lies about 250 kilometres ( 160 mi ) east of Port Moresby . Situated on a relatively narrow peninsula , Mount_Suckling lies only about 60 km ( 40 mi ) from the sea to both the northeast ( in the direction of Collingwood Bay ) and the south . eos
lies about 250 kilometres ( 160 mi ) east of Port Moresby . Situated on a relatively narrow peninsula , Mount_Suckling lies only about 60 km ( 40 mi ) from the sea to both the northeast ( in the direction of Collingwood Bay ) and the south . While not the highest peak in the Owen Stanley Range ( Mount Victoria is the highest ) eos
lies only about 60 km ( 40 mi ) from the sea to both the northeast ( in the direction of Collingwood Bay ) and the south . While not the highest peak in the Owen Stanley Range ( Mount Victoria is the highest ) , Mount_Suckling is the most topographically prominent peak in the range , and Mount_Suckling is in fact the third most prominent peak on the island of New Guinea . eos
is the most topographically prominent peak in the range , and Mount_Suckling is in fact the third most prominent peak on the island of New Guinea . Mount_Suckling rises above the timberline , while Mount_Suckling lower slopes are well - forested . The Maisin people inhabit the area around Mount_Suckling . eos
is in fact the third most prominent peak on the island of New Guinea . Mount_Suckling rises above the timberline , while Mount_Suckling lower slopes are well - forested . The Maisin people inhabit the area around Mount_Suckling . eos
rises above the timberline , while Mount_Suckling lower slopes are well - forested . The Maisin people inhabit the area around Mount_Suckling . As of 1972 , Mount_Suckling had been ` ` very inadequately explored '' by Westerners . eos
lower slopes are well - forested . The Maisin people inhabit the area around Mount_Suckling . As of 1972 , Mount_Suckling had been ` ` very inadequately explored '' by Westerners . eos
. As of 1972 , Mount_Suckling had been ` ` very inadequately explored '' by Westerners . Norman Cruttwell initiated an expedition to Mount_Suckling , which eventually reached the summit after several unsuccessful attempts . eos
had been ` ` very inadequately explored '' by Westerners . Norman Cruttwell initiated an expedition to Mount_Suckling , which eventually reached the summit after several unsuccessful attempts . They found Mount_Suckling ` ` so inaccessible that "" they "" had to be dropped by helicopter into a gorge at 1500 m and find "" their "" way to the top . '' eos
, which eventually reached the summit after several unsuccessful attempts . They found Mount_Suckling ` ` so inaccessible that "" they "" had to be dropped by helicopter into a gorge at 1500 m and find "" their "" way to the top . '' They climbed via the south spur of Mount_Suckling , named ` ` Goe Dendeniwa '' ; the second word means ` ` red '' and refers to the uniformly red color of the rocks and vegetation on the spur . eos
` ` so inaccessible that "" they "" had to be dropped by helicopter into a gorge at 1500 m and find "" their "" way to the top . '' They climbed via the south spur of Mount_Suckling , named ` ` Goe Dendeniwa '' ; the second word means ` ` red '' and refers to the uniformly red color of the rocks and vegetation on the spur . eos
, named ` ` Goe Dendeniwa '' ; the second word means ` ` red '' and refers to the uniformly red color of the rocks and vegetation on the spur . eos
( IPA : / tæməlˈpaɪəs / ; MWCD "" IPA : "" tam - əl-ˈpi - əs "" "" , known locally as ` ` Mount Tam '' ) is a peak in Marin County , California , USA , often considered symbolic of Marin County . eos
is protected within public lands such as Mount Tamalpais State Park and the Mount Tamalpais Watershed . eos
( or Tomboro ) is an active stratovolcano on Sumbawa island , Indonesia . Sumbawa is flanked both to the north and south by oceanic crust , and Mount_Tambora was formed by the active subduction zones beneath it . This raised Mount_Tambora as high as 4,300 m ( 14,000 ft ) , making Mount_Tambora one of the tallest peaks in the Indonesian archipelago , and drained off a large magma chamber inside Mount_Tambora . eos
was formed by the active subduction zones beneath it . This raised Mount_Tambora as high as 4,300 m ( 14,000 ft ) , making Mount_Tambora one of the tallest peaks in the Indonesian archipelago , and drained off a large magma chamber inside Mount_Tambora . It took centuries to refill the magma chamber , its volcanic activity reaching its peak in april 1815 . eos
as high as 4,300 m ( 14,000 ft ) , making Mount_Tambora one of the tallest peaks in the Indonesian archipelago , and drained off a large magma chamber inside Mount_Tambora . It took centuries to refill the magma chamber , its volcanic activity reaching its peak in april 1815 . Mount_Tambora erupted in 1815 with a rating of seven on the Volcanic Explosivity Index ; the largest eruption since the Lake Taupo eruption in AD 181 . eos
one of the tallest peaks in the Indonesian archipelago , and drained off a large magma chamber inside Mount_Tambora . It took centuries to refill the magma chamber , its volcanic activity reaching its peak in april 1815 . Mount_Tambora erupted in 1815 with a rating of seven on the Volcanic Explosivity Index ; the largest eruption since the Lake Taupo eruption in AD 181 . eos
. It took centuries to refill the magma chamber , its volcanic activity reaching its peak in april 1815 . Mount_Tambora erupted in 1815 with a rating of seven on the Volcanic Explosivity Index ; the largest eruption since the Lake Taupo eruption in AD 181 . eos
erupted in 1815 with a rating of seven on the Volcanic Explosivity Index ; the largest eruption since the Lake Taupo eruption in AD 181 . The explosion was heard on Sumatra island ( more than 2,000 km or 1,200 mi away ) . Heavy volcanic ash falls were observed as far away as Borneo , Sulawesi , Java and Maluku islands . eos
, formerly Mount Tapuaenuku , is the highest peak in the northeast of New Zealand 's South Island . The name translates from Māori as ` ` footprint of the rainbow '' , though Mount_Tapuaenuku is usually regarded as being named after Chief Tapuaenuku . At 2880 metres Mount_Tapuaenuku is the highest mountain in New Zealand outside the main ranges of the Southern Alps , and over 50 metres taller than the tallest peak in the North Island . eos
is usually regarded as being named after Chief Tapuaenuku . At 2880 metres Mount_Tapuaenuku is the highest mountain in New Zealand outside the main ranges of the Southern Alps , and over 50 metres taller than the tallest peak in the North Island . Mount_Tapuaenuku dominates the Inland Kaikoura Range , rising high above the valleys of the Clarence and Awatere Rivers . eos
is the highest mountain in New Zealand outside the main ranges of the Southern Alps , and over 50 metres taller than the tallest peak in the North Island . Mount_Tapuaenuku dominates the Inland Kaikoura Range , rising high above the valleys of the Clarence and Awatere Rivers . Mount_Tapuaenuku can be seen from as far away as Cape Terawhiti on the southeastern tip of the North Island , nearly 120 kilometres away , and Mount_Tapuaenuku is a prominent point on the horizon for travellers on the interisland ferries that ply Cook Strait . eos
dominates the Inland Kaikoura Range , rising high above the valleys of the Clarence and Awatere Rivers . Mount_Tapuaenuku can be seen from as far away as Cape Terawhiti on the southeastern tip of the North Island , nearly 120 kilometres away , and Mount_Tapuaenuku is a prominent point on the horizon for travellers on the interisland ferries that ply Cook Strait . The first European to sight Mount_Tapuaenuku was James Cook , who called Mount_Tapuaenuku Mount Odin , but later nicknamed Mount_Tapuaenuku ` ` The Watcher '' since his ship seemed to be visible from Mount_Tapuaenuku at so many points along the coast . eos
can be seen from as far away as Cape Terawhiti on the southeastern tip of the North Island , nearly 120 kilometres away , and Mount_Tapuaenuku is a prominent point on the horizon for travellers on the interisland ferries that ply Cook Strait . The first European to sight Mount_Tapuaenuku was James Cook , who called Mount_Tapuaenuku Mount Odin , but later nicknamed Mount_Tapuaenuku ` ` The Watcher '' since his ship seemed to be visible from Mount_Tapuaenuku at so many points along the coast . The first Europeans to attempt to climb Mount_Tapuaenuku were EJ Eyre , Lieutenant - Governor of New Munster , in 1849 and WGH Hamilton , in 1849 . eos
is a prominent point on the horizon for travellers on the interisland ferries that ply Cook Strait . The first European to sight Mount_Tapuaenuku was James Cook , who called Mount_Tapuaenuku Mount Odin , but later nicknamed Mount_Tapuaenuku ` ` The Watcher '' since his ship seemed to be visible from Mount_Tapuaenuku at so many points along the coast . The first Europeans to attempt to climb Mount_Tapuaenuku were EJ Eyre , Lieutenant - Governor of New Munster , in 1849 and WGH Hamilton , in 1849 . eos
at so many points along the coast . The first Europeans to attempt to climb Mount_Tapuaenuku were EJ Eyre , Lieutenant - Governor of New Munster , in 1849 and WGH Hamilton , in 1849 . They came within a short distance of the summit but were forced to turn back . eos
was James Cook , who called Mount_Tapuaenuku Mount Odin , but later nicknamed Mount_Tapuaenuku ` ` The Watcher '' since his ship seemed to be visible from Mount_Tapuaenuku at so many points along the coast . The first Europeans to attempt to climb Mount_Tapuaenuku were EJ Eyre , Lieutenant - Governor of New Munster , in 1849 and WGH Hamilton , in 1849 . They came within a short distance of the summit but were forced to turn back . eos
Mount Odin , but later nicknamed Mount_Tapuaenuku ` ` The Watcher '' since his ship seemed to be visible from Mount_Tapuaenuku at so many points along the coast . The first Europeans to attempt to climb Mount_Tapuaenuku were EJ Eyre , Lieutenant - Governor of New Munster , in 1849 and WGH Hamilton , in 1849 . They came within a short distance of the summit but were forced to turn back . eos
` ` The Watcher '' since his ship seemed to be visible from Mount_Tapuaenuku at so many points along the coast . The first Europeans to attempt to climb Mount_Tapuaenuku were EJ Eyre , Lieutenant - Governor of New Munster , in 1849 and WGH Hamilton , in 1849 . They came within a short distance of the summit but were forced to turn back . eos
were EJ Eyre , Lieutenant - Governor of New Munster , in 1849 and WGH Hamilton , in 1849 . They came within a short distance of the summit but were forced to turn back . eos
( Rarakiora in Māori ) is New Zealand 's second highest mountain , rising to a height of 3497 metres . Mount_Tasman is located in the Southern Alps of the South Island , four kilometres to the north of Mount_Tasman larger neighbour , Aoraki / Mount Cook . eos
is located in the Southern Alps of the South Island , four kilometres to the north of Mount_Tasman larger neighbour , Aoraki / Mount Cook . Unlike Aoraki / Mount Cook , Mount_Tasman sits on the South Island 's Main Divide , on the border between Aoraki / Mount Cook National Park and Westland National Park . Mount_Tasman is the highest point in Westland District . eos
larger neighbour , Aoraki / Mount Cook . Unlike Aoraki / Mount Cook , Mount_Tasman sits on the South Island 's Main Divide , on the border between Aoraki / Mount Cook National Park and Westland National Park . Mount_Tasman is the highest point in Westland District . eos
sits on the South Island 's Main Divide , on the border between Aoraki / Mount Cook National Park and Westland National Park . Mount_Tasman is the highest point in Westland District . eos
is the highest point in Westland District . eos
is a mountain in Banff National Park of the Canadian Rockies of Alberta , Canada . Mount_Temple_Alberta is located in the Bow River Valley between Paradise Creek and Moraine Creek and Mount_Temple_Alberta is the highest peak in the Lake Louise area . Mount_Temple_Alberta dominates the western landscape along the Trans - Canada Highway from Castle Junction to Lake Louise . eos
is located in the Bow River Valley between Paradise Creek and Moraine Creek and Mount_Temple_Alberta is the highest peak in the Lake Louise area . Mount_Temple_Alberta dominates the western landscape along the Trans - Canada Highway from Castle Junction to Lake Louise . eos
is the highest peak in the Lake Louise area . Mount_Temple_Alberta dominates the western landscape along the Trans - Canada Highway from Castle Junction to Lake Louise . eos
dominates the western landscape along the Trans - Canada Highway from Castle Junction to Lake Louise . eos
is a large shield volcano Mount_Terror_Antarctica forms the eastern part of Ross Island . Mount_Terror_Antarctica has numerous cinder cones and domes on the flanks of the shield and Mount_Terror_Antarctica is mostly under snow and ice . Mount_Terror_Antarctica is the second largest of the three volcanoes which make up Ross Island and Mount_Terror_Antarctica is somewhat overshadowed by Mount_Terror_Antarctica neighbor , Mount Erebus , 30 km ( 20 mi ) to the west . eos
forms the eastern part of Ross Island . Mount_Terror_Antarctica has numerous cinder cones and domes on the flanks of the shield and Mount_Terror_Antarctica is mostly under snow and ice . Mount_Terror_Antarctica is the second largest of the three volcanoes which make up Ross Island and Mount_Terror_Antarctica is somewhat overshadowed by Mount_Terror_Antarctica neighbor , Mount Erebus , 30 km ( 20 mi ) to the west . eos
has numerous cinder cones and domes on the flanks of the shield and Mount_Terror_Antarctica is mostly under snow and ice . Mount_Terror_Antarctica is the second largest of the three volcanoes which make up Ross Island and Mount_Terror_Antarctica is somewhat overshadowed by Mount_Terror_Antarctica neighbor , Mount Erebus , 30 km ( 20 mi ) to the west . Mount_Terror_Antarctica was named in 1841 by Sir James Clark Ross for his second ship , the HMS Terror . eos
is mostly under snow and ice . Mount_Terror_Antarctica is the second largest of the three volcanoes which make up Ross Island and Mount_Terror_Antarctica is somewhat overshadowed by Mount_Terror_Antarctica neighbor , Mount Erebus , 30 km ( 20 mi ) to the west . Mount_Terror_Antarctica was named in 1841 by Sir James Clark Ross for his second ship , the HMS Terror . eos
is the second largest of the three volcanoes which make up Ross Island and Mount_Terror_Antarctica is somewhat overshadowed by Mount_Terror_Antarctica neighbor , Mount Erebus , 30 km ( 20 mi ) to the west . Mount_Terror_Antarctica was named in 1841 by Sir James Clark Ross for his second ship , the HMS Terror . The rocks at the summit have not been studied , but lower areas have been studied and rocks from those areas range from 0.82 to 1.75 million years old . eos
is somewhat overshadowed by Mount_Terror_Antarctica neighbor , Mount Erebus , 30 km ( 20 mi ) to the west . Mount_Terror_Antarctica was named in 1841 by Sir James Clark Ross for his second ship , the HMS Terror . The rocks at the summit have not been studied , but lower areas have been studied and rocks from those areas range from 0.82 to 1.75 million years old . eos
neighbor , Mount Erebus , 30 km ( 20 mi ) to the west . Mount_Terror_Antarctica was named in 1841 by Sir James Clark Ross for his second ship , the HMS Terror . The rocks at the summit have not been studied , but lower areas have been studied and rocks from those areas range from 0.82 to 1.75 million years old . eos
was named in 1841 by Sir James Clark Ross for his second ship , the HMS Terror . The rocks at the summit have not been studied , but lower areas have been studied and rocks from those areas range from 0.82 to 1.75 million years old . Mount_Terror_Antarctica shows no signs of volcanic activity more recent than that . eos
shows no signs of volcanic activity more recent than that . The first ascent of Mount_Terror_Antarctica was made by a New Zealand party in 1959 . Terror Point ( 77 ° 41 & amp ; prime ; S 168 ° 13 & amp ; prime ; E ) , located just below Mount_Terror_Antarctica , is the eastern limit of Fog Bay , 6 km ( 4 mi ) WNW of Cape MacKay on Ross Island . eos
was made by a New Zealand party in 1959 . Terror Point ( 77 ° 41 & amp ; prime ; S 168 ° 13 & amp ; prime ; E ) , located just below Mount_Terror_Antarctica , is the eastern limit of Fog Bay , 6 km ( 4 mi ) WNW of Cape MacKay on Ross Island . The name was first used by members of the British National Antarctic Expedition , 1901 - 04 , and was apparently applied in association with Mount_Terror_Antarctica Mount_Terror_Antarctica overlooks this point from the northeast . eos
, is the eastern limit of Fog Bay , 6 km ( 4 mi ) WNW of Cape MacKay on Ross Island . The name was first used by members of the British National Antarctic Expedition , 1901 - 04 , and was apparently applied in association with Mount_Terror_Antarctica Mount_Terror_Antarctica overlooks this point from the northeast . eos
Mount_Terror_Antarctica overlooks this point from the northeast . eos
overlooks this point from the northeast . eos
, officially gazetted as Thor Peak , is a mountain in Auyuittuq National Park , on Baffin Island , Nunavut , Canada . Mount_Thor is located 46 km ( 29 mi ) northeast of Pangnirtung and Mount_Thor features the Earth 's greatest purely vertical drop at 1,250 metres ( 4,100 feet ) , with an average angle of 105 degrees . The location is popular with climbers due to this feature , despite its remoteness . eos
is located 46 km ( 29 mi ) northeast of Pangnirtung and Mount_Thor features the Earth 's greatest purely vertical drop at 1,250 metres ( 4,100 feet ) , with an average angle of 105 degrees . The location is popular with climbers due to this feature , despite its remoteness . Camping is allowed , with the only official site being at the entrance to the Akshayuk Valley near Overlord Peak . eos
features the Earth 's greatest purely vertical drop at 1,250 metres ( 4,100 feet ) , with an average angle of 105 degrees . The location is popular with climbers due to this feature , despite its remoteness . Camping is allowed , with the only official site being at the entrance to the Akshayuk Valley near Overlord Peak . eos
is part of the Baffin Mountains which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain range . Mount_Thor is made of granite and Mount_Thor is the most famous of Canada 's mountains named ` ` Thor '' . Mount_Thor was first climbed in 1953 by an Arctic Institute of North America team . eos
is made of granite and Mount_Thor is the most famous of Canada 's mountains named ` ` Thor '' . Mount_Thor was first climbed in 1953 by an Arctic Institute of North America team . The team members were Hans Weber , J Rothlisberger and F Schwarzenbach . eos
is the most famous of Canada 's mountains named ` ` Thor '' . Mount_Thor was first climbed in 1953 by an Arctic Institute of North America team . The team members were Hans Weber , J Rothlisberger and F Schwarzenbach . eos
was first climbed in 1953 by an Arctic Institute of North America team . The team members were Hans Weber , J Rothlisberger and F Schwarzenbach . The same men who climbed the North Tower of Mount Asgard for the first time . eos
, july 23 , 2006 , by an American team consisting of : Chuck Constable , Dirk Siron , Ben Holley , Kenneth Waite , Gordon Rosser , Donny Opperman , Deldon Barfuss , and Tim Hudson . A 26 year old Canadian Park Ranger , Phillip Robinson , also rappelled , but had a problem with his equipment , dropped to the base of the mountain and was killed . There had been a previous attempt in 2004 , but they returned without rappelling due to dangerous weather conditions . eos
is used in the Led Zeppelin concert film The Song Remains the Same in the ` ` No Quarter '' fantasy sequence ; the song mentioning the god Thor . eos
is an eroded volcanic complex consisting of numerous domes ( up to 23 ) , as high as 1864 m in elevation , along a northeast - southwest oriented volcanic front on the Pacific Ocean side of the Alaska Peninsula . A new dome was emplaced beginning in 1953 at an altitude of 1097 m in an amphitheater on the southwest flank of the southwest peak . eos
is the second highest mountain of Antarctica located 13 kilometres northwest of Vinson Massif ( 4,892 m ) , the highest peak on the continent . Mount_Tyree was discovered in january 1958 during reconnaissance flights by the United States Navy VX-6 squadron , and mapped later that month by the Marie Byrd Land Traverse Party . Mount_Tyree was named for Rear Admiral David M Tyree , who was commander of the US Naval Support Force in Antarctica , from april 14 , 1959 to november 26 , 1962 . eos
was discovered in january 1958 during reconnaissance flights by the United States Navy VX-6 squadron , and mapped later that month by the Marie Byrd Land Traverse Party . Mount_Tyree was named for Rear Admiral David M Tyree , who was commander of the US Naval Support Force in Antarctica , from april 14 , 1959 to november 26 , 1962 . The still - unclimbed south face is in height and the highest wall in Antarctic . eos
was named for Rear Admiral David M Tyree , who was commander of the US Naval Support Force in Antarctica , from april 14 , 1959 to november 26 , 1962 . The still - unclimbed south face is in height and the highest wall in Antarctic . The climbing season is november to january . eos
is the eighth highest mountain in Canada and Mount_Vancouver is located in Kluane National Park and Reserve on the Canada - US border . Mount_Vancouver has three summits : north , middle and south with middle being the lowest . The south summit borders Canada and the United States and is known as Good Neighbor Peak . eos
is located in Kluane National Park and Reserve on the Canada - US border . Mount_Vancouver has three summits : north , middle and south with middle being the lowest . The south summit borders Canada and the United States and is known as Good Neighbor Peak . eos
has three summits : north , middle and south with middle being the lowest . The south summit borders Canada and the United States and is known as Good Neighbor Peak . While conventional wisdom indicates that the north summit is the highest , discrepancies in topographic maps of the area muddle the question . eos
was named by W H. Dall in 1874 after George Vancouver , who explored the southeast coast of Alaska from 1792 to 1794 . eos
is an active stratovolcano located on the Alaska Peninsula . The Alaska Volcano Observatory currently rates Mount_Veniaminof as Aviation Color Code Green and Volcano Alert Level Normal . Mount_Veniaminof was named after Ioann ( Ivan Popov ) eos
as Aviation Color Code Green and Volcano Alert Level Normal . Mount_Veniaminof was named after Ioann ( Ivan Popov ) Veniaminov ( 1797 - 1879 ) , a Russian Orthodox missionary priest whose writings on the Aleut language and ethnology are still standard references . eos
was named after Ioann ( Ivan Popov ) Veniaminov ( 1797 - 1879 ) , a Russian Orthodox missionary priest whose writings on the Aleut language and ethnology are still standard references . Mount_Veniaminof was the site of a colossal ( VEI 6 ) eruption around 1750 BC . eos
was the site of a colossal ( VEI 6 ) eruption around 1750 BC . This eruption left a large caldera . In modern times Mount_Veniaminof has had numerous small eruptions ( over ten of them since 1930 ) ; these are located at a cinder cone in the middle of the caldera . eos
has had numerous small eruptions ( over ten of them since 1930 ) ; these are located at a cinder cone in the middle of the caldera . Mount_Veniaminof has one of the highest elevations of Alaskan volcanoes . Partly for this reason , Mount_Veniaminof is covered by a glacier that fills most of the caldera . eos
has one of the highest elevations of Alaskan volcanoes . Partly for this reason , Mount_Veniaminof is covered by a glacier that fills most of the caldera . Because of the glacier and the caldera walls , there is the possibility for a major flood from a glacier run at some point in the future . eos
is covered by a glacier that fills most of the caldera . Because of the glacier and the caldera walls , there is the possibility for a major flood from a glacier run at some point in the future . eos
( Italian : Monte Vesuvio , Latin : Mons Vesuvius ) is a volcano east of Naples , Italy . Mount_Vesuvius is the only volcano on the European mainland to have erupted within the last hundred years , although Mount_Vesuvius is not currently erupting . eos
is the only volcano on the European mainland to have erupted within the last hundred years , although Mount_Vesuvius is not currently erupting . The only other two such volcanoes in Italy ( Etna and Stromboli ) are located on islands . Mount_Vesuvius is on the coast of the Bay of Naples , about nine kilometres ( six miles ) east of Naples and a short distance from the shore . eos
is not currently erupting . The only other two such volcanoes in Italy ( Etna and Stromboli ) are located on islands . Mount_Vesuvius is on the coast of the Bay of Naples , about nine kilometres ( six miles ) east of Naples and a short distance from the shore . eos
is on the coast of the Bay of Naples , about nine kilometres ( six miles ) east of Naples and a short distance from the shore . Mount_Vesuvius is conspicuous in the beautiful landscape presented by the Bay of Naples , when seen from the sea , with Naples in the foreground . Mount_Vesuvius is best known for Mount_Vesuvius eruption in AD 79 that led to the destruction of the Roman cities of Pompeii and Herculaneum . eos
is conspicuous in the beautiful landscape presented by the Bay of Naples , when seen from the sea , with Naples in the foreground . Mount_Vesuvius is best known for Mount_Vesuvius eruption in AD 79 that led to the destruction of the Roman cities of Pompeii and Herculaneum . Mount_Vesuvius has erupted many times since and Mount_Vesuvius is today regarded as one of the most dangerous volcanoes in the world because of the population of 3,000,000 people now living close to Mount_Vesuvius and Mount_Vesuvius tendency towards explosive eruptions . eos
is best known for Mount_Vesuvius eruption in AD 79 that led to the destruction of the Roman cities of Pompeii and Herculaneum . Mount_Vesuvius has erupted many times since and Mount_Vesuvius is today regarded as one of the most dangerous volcanoes in the world because of the population of 3,000,000 people now living close to Mount_Vesuvius and Mount_Vesuvius tendency towards explosive eruptions . It is the most densely populated volcanic region in the world . eos
eruption in AD 79 that led to the destruction of the Roman cities of Pompeii and Herculaneum . Mount_Vesuvius has erupted many times since and Mount_Vesuvius is today regarded as one of the most dangerous volcanoes in the world because of the population of 3,000,000 people now living close to Mount_Vesuvius and Mount_Vesuvius tendency towards explosive eruptions . It is the most densely populated volcanic region in the world . eos
and Mount_Vesuvius tendency towards explosive eruptions . It is the most densely populated volcanic region in the world . Mount_Vesuvius was regarded by the Greeks and Romans as being sacred to the hero and demigod Heracles / Hercules , and the town of Herculaneum , built at Mount_Vesuvius base , was named after him . eos
tendency towards explosive eruptions . It is the most densely populated volcanic region in the world . Mount_Vesuvius was regarded by the Greeks and Romans as being sacred to the hero and demigod Heracles / Hercules , and the town of Herculaneum , built at Mount_Vesuvius base , was named after him . eos
has erupted many times since and Mount_Vesuvius is today regarded as one of the most dangerous volcanoes in the world because of the population of 3,000,000 people now living close to Mount_Vesuvius and Mount_Vesuvius tendency towards explosive eruptions . It is the most densely populated volcanic region in the world . Mount_Vesuvius was regarded by the Greeks and Romans as being sacred to the hero and demigod Heracles / Hercules , and the town of Herculaneum , built at Mount_Vesuvius base , was named after him . eos
is today regarded as one of the most dangerous volcanoes in the world because of the population of 3,000,000 people now living close to Mount_Vesuvius and Mount_Vesuvius tendency towards explosive eruptions . It is the most densely populated volcanic region in the world . Mount_Vesuvius was regarded by the Greeks and Romans as being sacred to the hero and demigod Heracles / Hercules , and the town of Herculaneum , built at Mount_Vesuvius base , was named after him . eos
was regarded by the Greeks and Romans as being sacred to the hero and demigod Heracles / Hercules , and the town of Herculaneum , built at Mount_Vesuvius base , was named after him . eos
base , was named after him . eos
is the highest point in the Owen Stanley Ranges in Central Province , Papua New Guinea at 4,072 metres . Mount_Victoria_Papua_New_Guinea lies approximately 75 km north - north - west of Port Moresby and Mount_Victoria_Papua_New_Guinea can be seen on a clear day from the city . eos
lies approximately 75 km north - north - west of Port Moresby and Mount_Victoria_Papua_New_Guinea can be seen on a clear day from the city . eos
can be seen on a clear day from the city . eos
is the highest peak in the Coast Mountains . Mount_Waddington and the subrange which surround Mount_Waddington , the Waddington Range , stand at the heart of the Pacific Ranges , which is to say Mount_Waddington is in a remote and extremely difficult set of mountains and stupendous river valleys . eos
and the subrange which surround Mount_Waddington , the Waddington Range , stand at the heart of the Pacific Ranges , which is to say Mount_Waddington is in a remote and extremely difficult set of mountains and stupendous river valleys . It is not so far north as its extreme arctic - like conditions might indicate and Mount_Waddington and Mount_Waddington attendant peaks pose some of the most serious expedition mountaineering to be had in North America - and some of the most extreme relief and spectacular mountain scenery . eos
, the Waddington Range , stand at the heart of the Pacific Ranges , which is to say Mount_Waddington is in a remote and extremely difficult set of mountains and stupendous river valleys . It is not so far north as its extreme arctic - like conditions might indicate and Mount_Waddington and Mount_Waddington attendant peaks pose some of the most serious expedition mountaineering to be had in North America - and some of the most extreme relief and spectacular mountain scenery . From Mount_Waddington 13,000 ' - plus fang to sea level at the heads of Bute and Knight Inlets is only a few miles ; across the 10,000 deep gorges of the Homathko and the Klinaklini Rivers stand mountains almost as high , and icefields even vaster and whiter , only a few aerial miles away , with a maw deeper than the Grand Canyon , comparable in relief to the Himalaya ( to which the terrain of British Columbia was compared by colonial - era travellers ) . eos
is in a remote and extremely difficult set of mountains and stupendous river valleys . It is not so far north as its extreme arctic - like conditions might indicate and Mount_Waddington and Mount_Waddington attendant peaks pose some of the most serious expedition mountaineering to be had in North America - and some of the most extreme relief and spectacular mountain scenery . From Mount_Waddington 13,000 ' - plus fang to sea level at the heads of Bute and Knight Inlets is only a few miles ; across the 10,000 deep gorges of the Homathko and the Klinaklini Rivers stand mountains almost as high , and icefields even vaster and whiter , only a few aerial miles away , with a maw deeper than the Grand Canyon , comparable in relief to the Himalaya ( to which the terrain of British Columbia was compared by colonial - era travellers ) . eos
and Mount_Waddington attendant peaks pose some of the most serious expedition mountaineering to be had in North America - and some of the most extreme relief and spectacular mountain scenery . From Mount_Waddington 13,000 ' - plus fang to sea level at the heads of Bute and Knight Inlets is only a few miles ; across the 10,000 deep gorges of the Homathko and the Klinaklini Rivers stand mountains almost as high , and icefields even vaster and whiter , only a few aerial miles away , with a maw deeper than the Grand Canyon , comparable in relief to the Himalaya ( to which the terrain of British Columbia was compared by colonial - era travellers ) . eos
attendant peaks pose some of the most serious expedition mountaineering to be had in North America - and some of the most extreme relief and spectacular mountain scenery . From Mount_Waddington 13,000 ' - plus fang to sea level at the heads of Bute and Knight Inlets is only a few miles ; across the 10,000 deep gorges of the Homathko and the Klinaklini Rivers stand mountains almost as high , and icefields even vaster and whiter , only a few aerial miles away , with a maw deeper than the Grand Canyon , comparable in relief to the Himalaya ( to which the terrain of British Columbia was compared by colonial - era travellers ) . eos
13,000 ' - plus fang to sea level at the heads of Bute and Knight Inlets is only a few miles ; across the 10,000 deep gorges of the Homathko and the Klinaklini Rivers stand mountains almost as high , and icefields even vaster and whiter , only a few aerial miles away , with a maw deeper than the Grand Canyon , comparable in relief to the Himalaya ( to which the terrain of British Columbia was compared by colonial - era travellers ) . eos
is a mountain in Kluane National Park and Reserve in Yukon , Canada . Mount_Walsh was named after a RCMP superintendent for the Yukon territory , James Morrow Walsh . eos
was named after a RCMP superintendent for the Yukon territory , James Morrow Walsh . eos
is the second highest named summit in the state of New Mexico in the United States . However Mount_Walter_New_Mexico is not usually counted as an independent mountain since Mount_Walter_New_Mexico has only about 80 feet of topographic prominence , and Mount_Walter_New_Mexico is only 0.4 miles ( 0.6 km ) north - northeast of Wheeler Peak , the highest peak in New Mexico . Both peaks lie in the Taos Mountains , a subrange of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains , which is in turn a subrange of the Rocky Mountains . eos
is not usually counted as an independent mountain since Mount_Walter_New_Mexico has only about 80 feet of topographic prominence , and Mount_Walter_New_Mexico is only 0.4 miles ( 0.6 km ) north - northeast of Wheeler Peak , the highest peak in New Mexico . Both peaks lie in the Taos Mountains , a subrange of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains , which is in turn a subrange of the Rocky Mountains . eos
has only about 80 feet of topographic prominence , and Mount_Walter_New_Mexico is only 0.4 miles ( 0.6 km ) north - northeast of Wheeler Peak , the highest peak in New Mexico . Both peaks lie in the Taos Mountains , a subrange of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains , which is in turn a subrange of the Rocky Mountains . eos
is only 0.4 miles ( 0.6 km ) north - northeast of Wheeler Peak , the highest peak in New Mexico . Both peaks lie in the Taos Mountains , a subrange of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains , which is in turn a subrange of the Rocky Mountains . eos
( 13,722 ft / 4,182 m ) is located in the Wind River Range in the US state of Wyoming . Mount_Warren is the third highest peak in the range and the fourth in the state . The summit is located in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest and rises above several glaciers , the best known being Dinwoody Glacier which is immediately north of the summit tower . eos
is the third highest peak in the range and the fourth in the state . The summit is located in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest and rises above several glaciers , the best known being Dinwoody Glacier which is immediately north of the summit tower . eos
is a mountain in Yellowstone National Park , in the US state of Wyoming . Mount_Washburn was named for Mount_Washburn discoverer , former Civil War general and US Congressman Henry D Washburn , who was the surveyor general of Montana after the war . Views from the summit include much of the northern section of Yellowstone National Park and on clear days , the Teton Range is also visible . eos
was named for Mount_Washburn discoverer , former Civil War general and US Congressman Henry D Washburn , who was the surveyor general of Montana after the war . Views from the summit include much of the northern section of Yellowstone National Park and on clear days , the Teton Range is also visible . The mountain trails are some of the most frequented in the park , so summer hikes can be crowded . eos
discoverer , former Civil War general and US Congressman Henry D Washburn , who was the surveyor general of Montana after the war . Views from the summit include much of the northern section of Yellowstone National Park and on clear days , the Teton Range is also visible . The mountain trails are some of the most frequented in the park , so summer hikes can be crowded . eos
is the highest peak in the American Northeast at 6288 ft . Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire is famous for Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire dangerously erratic weather , holding the record for the highest wind gust directly measured at the Earth 's surface , at 231 mph ( 372 km / h ) on the afternoon of april 12 , 1934 . Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire was known as Agiocochook , or ` ` home of the Great Spirit '' , before European settlers arrived . eos
is famous for Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire dangerously erratic weather , holding the record for the highest wind gust directly measured at the Earth 's surface , at 231 mph ( 372 km / h ) on the afternoon of april 12 , 1934 . Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire was known as Agiocochook , or ` ` home of the Great Spirit '' , before European settlers arrived . Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire is located in the Presidential Range of the White Mountains , in Coos County , New Hampshire . eos
dangerously erratic weather , holding the record for the highest wind gust directly measured at the Earth 's surface , at 231 mph ( 372 km / h ) on the afternoon of april 12 , 1934 . Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire was known as Agiocochook , or ` ` home of the Great Spirit '' , before European settlers arrived . Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire is located in the Presidential Range of the White Mountains , in Coos County , New Hampshire . eos
was known as Agiocochook , or ` ` home of the Great Spirit '' , before European settlers arrived . Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire is located in the Presidential Range of the White Mountains , in Coos County , New Hampshire . Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire is the third highest state high point in the eastern US , after Mount Mitchell , North Carolina - 6684 eos
is located in the Presidential Range of the White Mountains , in Coos County , New Hampshire . Mount_Washington_New_Hampshire is the third highest state high point in the eastern US , after Mount Mitchell , North Carolina - 6684 ft - and Clingmans Dome , Tennessee - 6643 eos
is the third highest state high point in the eastern US , after Mount Mitchell , North Carolina - 6684 ft - and Clingmans Dome , Tennessee - 6643 ft eos
is the most prominent peak in the Eastern United States . While nearly the whole mountain is in the White Mountain National Forest , an area of 59 acres ( 0.24 km2 ) surrounding and including the summit is occupied by Mount Washington State Park . eos
was formed by an eruption around 9,000 years ago . eos
is a mountain in the Rocky Mountains in the Park Range in Colorado . Mount_Werner reaches a height of 10,568 ft ( 3,224 m ) above sea level and Mount_Werner has a base elevation of 6,900 ft ( 2103 m ) . Mount_Werner has a vertical rise of 3,668 ft ( 1,121 m ) , Colorado 's second highest . eos
reaches a height of 10,568 ft ( 3,224 m ) above sea level and Mount_Werner has a base elevation of 6,900 ft ( 2103 m ) . Mount_Werner has a vertical rise of 3,668 ft ( 1,121 m ) , Colorado 's second highest . Mount_Werner has five peaks ( from lowest to highest ) , Christie Peak , Thunderhead Peak , Sunshine Peak , Storm Peak , and Mt. Werner . eos
has a base elevation of 6,900 ft ( 2103 m ) . Mount_Werner has a vertical rise of 3,668 ft ( 1,121 m ) , Colorado 's second highest . Mount_Werner has five peaks ( from lowest to highest ) , Christie Peak , Thunderhead Peak , Sunshine Peak , Storm Peak , and Mt. Werner . eos
has a vertical rise of 3,668 ft ( 1,121 m ) , Colorado 's second highest . Mount_Werner has five peaks ( from lowest to highest ) , Christie Peak , Thunderhead Peak , Sunshine Peak , Storm Peak , and Mt. Werner . The Steamboat Ski Resort operates on 2,939 acres of Mount_Werner . eos
has five peaks ( from lowest to highest ) , Christie Peak , Thunderhead Peak , Sunshine Peak , Storm Peak , and Mt. Werner . The Steamboat Ski Resort operates on 2,939 acres of Mount_Werner . It is serviced by the Silver Bullet Gondola lift and several chairlifts . eos
. It is serviced by the Silver Bullet Gondola lift and several chairlifts . Mount_Werner regularly receives some of the highest levels of snow in Colorado . eos
regularly receives some of the highest levels of snow in Colorado . The most recent ten year snowfall average was 334 in ( 848 cm ) a year . Much of Mount_Werner and the resort are contained within the Routt National Forest . eos
and the resort are contained within the Routt National Forest . Formerly known as Storm Mountain , Mount_Werner was renamed in honor of Buddy Werner , an Olympian from Steamboat Springs who was killed in an avalanche in Switzerland in april 1964 . Four miles west of Mount_Werner is Steamboat Springs , Colorado , the county seat of Routt County . eos
was renamed in honor of Buddy Werner , an Olympian from Steamboat Springs who was killed in an avalanche in Switzerland in april 1964 . Four miles west of Mount_Werner is Steamboat Springs , Colorado , the county seat of Routt County . It is 153 miles from Denver . eos
is Steamboat Springs , Colorado , the county seat of Routt County . It is 153 miles from Denver . eos
is the highest point in the contiguous United States at elevation 14,505 feet ( 4,421 meters ) . Mount_Whitney is located at the boundary between California 's Inyo and Tulare counties . The western slope of Mount_Whitney lies within Sequoia National Park . eos
is located at the boundary between California 's Inyo and Tulare counties . The western slope of Mount_Whitney lies within Sequoia National Park . Mount_Whitney is the southern terminus of the John Muir Trail , which runs 211.9 miles ( 340.9 km ) from Yosemite Valley . eos
lies within Sequoia National Park . Mount_Whitney is the southern terminus of the John Muir Trail , which runs 211.9 miles ( 340.9 km ) from Yosemite Valley . Mount_Whitney was named after Josiah Whitney , the State Geologist of California . eos
is the southern terminus of the John Muir Trail , which runs 211.9 miles ( 340.9 km ) from Yosemite Valley . Mount_Whitney was named after Josiah Whitney , the State Geologist of California . Mount_Whitney was first climbed in 1873 by Charles Begole , A H. Johnson , and John Lucas ( fishermen who lived in Lone Pine , California . ) Mount_Whitney is just 76 miles ( 123 km ) west of the lowest point in North America , in Death Valley ( 282 feet ( 86 m ) below sea level ) . eos
was named after Josiah Whitney , the State Geologist of California . Mount_Whitney was first climbed in 1873 by Charles Begole , A H. Johnson , and John Lucas ( fishermen who lived in Lone Pine , California . ) Mount_Whitney is just 76 miles ( 123 km ) west of the lowest point in North America , in Death Valley ( 282 feet ( 86 m ) below sea level ) . eos
was first climbed in 1873 by Charles Begole , A H. Johnson , and John Lucas ( fishermen who lived in Lone Pine , California . ) Mount_Whitney is just 76 miles ( 123 km ) west of the lowest point in North America , in Death Valley ( 282 feet ( 86 m ) below sea level ) . eos
is just 76 miles ( 123 km ) west of the lowest point in North America , in Death Valley ( 282 feet ( 86 m ) below sea level ) . eos
is a mountain in Alberta , Canada . Mount_Whyte is located in Banff National Park , near Lake Louise . Mount_Whyte can be seen from the Trans - Canada Highway , and Mount_Whyte offers views of the Valley of the Ten Peaks , including the Chateau Lake Louise . eos
is located in Banff National Park , near Lake Louise . Mount_Whyte can be seen from the Trans - Canada Highway , and Mount_Whyte offers views of the Valley of the Ten Peaks , including the Chateau Lake Louise . Mount_Whyte was named in 1898 by Sir William Methuen after William Whyte , a representative of the Canadian Pacific Railway . eos
can be seen from the Trans - Canada Highway , and Mount_Whyte offers views of the Valley of the Ten Peaks , including the Chateau Lake Louise . Mount_Whyte was named in 1898 by Sir William Methuen after William Whyte , a representative of the Canadian Pacific Railway . eos
offers views of the Valley of the Ten Peaks , including the Chateau Lake Louise . Mount_Whyte was named in 1898 by Sir William Methuen after William Whyte , a representative of the Canadian Pacific Railway . eos
was named in 1898 by Sir William Methuen after William Whyte , a representative of the Canadian Pacific Railway . eos
is a high peak of the Fairweather Range , the southernmost part of the Saint Elias Range . Mount_Wilbur_Alaska lies approximately 14 miles ( 22 km ) southeast of Mount Fairweather and 8 miles ( 13 km ) northwest of Mount Crillon . Mount_Wilbur_Alaska is included in Glacier Bay National Park . eos
lies approximately 14 miles ( 22 km ) southeast of Mount Fairweather and 8 miles ( 13 km ) northwest of Mount Crillon . Mount_Wilbur_Alaska is included in Glacier Bay National Park . Mount_Wilbur_Alaska is the higher of a pair of peaks , Mounts Wilbur and Orville , named after the Wright Brothers . eos
is included in Glacier Bay National Park . Mount_Wilbur_Alaska is the higher of a pair of peaks , Mounts Wilbur and Orville , named after the Wright Brothers . Though not a particularly high peak in absolute terms , Mount_Wilbur_Alaska does stand quite high above local terrain , due to Mount_Wilbur_Alaska proximity to the ocean : the summit is only 7.5 miles from tidewater at the head of Lituya Bay to the southwest . eos
is the higher of a pair of peaks , Mounts Wilbur and Orville , named after the Wright Brothers . Though not a particularly high peak in absolute terms , Mount_Wilbur_Alaska does stand quite high above local terrain , due to Mount_Wilbur_Alaska proximity to the ocean : the summit is only 7.5 miles from tidewater at the head of Lituya Bay to the southwest . eos
does stand quite high above local terrain , due to Mount_Wilbur_Alaska proximity to the ocean : the summit is only 7.5 miles from tidewater at the head of Lituya Bay to the southwest . eos
proximity to the ocean : the summit is only 7.5 miles from tidewater at the head of Lituya Bay to the southwest . eos
is a prominent peak located in the heart of Glacier National Park in the US state of Montana . Plainly visible from the region of Many Glacier , Mount_Wilbur_Montana rises over 4,500 feet above Swiftcurrent Lake and Mount_Wilbur_Montana is a steep pyramid on three sides . The west slopes of Mount_Wilbur_Montana join to ridges along the Continental Divide . eos
rises over 4,500 feet above Swiftcurrent Lake and Mount_Wilbur_Montana is a steep pyramid on three sides . The west slopes of Mount_Wilbur_Montana join to ridges along the Continental Divide . Much of the climbing routes are rated at class 4 to 5 , with some only used once . eos
is a steep pyramid on three sides . The west slopes of Mount_Wilbur_Montana join to ridges along the Continental Divide . Much of the climbing routes are rated at class 4 to 5 , with some only used once . eos
join to ridges along the Continental Divide . Much of the climbing routes are rated at class 4 to 5 , with some only used once . The sedimentary rock of the mountains makes for often poor anchoring points and enhances the difficulty . eos
( German : Wilhelmsberg ) is the highest mountain in Papua New Guinea at 4,509 metres . Mount_Wilhelm is part of the Bismarck Range and Mount_Wilhelm is the point where three provinces intersect , Simbu , Western Highlands and Madang . eos
is part of the Bismarck Range and Mount_Wilhelm is the point where three provinces intersect , Simbu , Western Highlands and Madang . Mount_Wilhelm is also known as Enduwa Kombuglu in the local Kuman language , a Papuan language . Mount_Wilhelm is one of the highest mountains on the island of New Guinea , which incorporates Papua New Guinea and the Indonesian province of Papua . eos
is the point where three provinces intersect , Simbu , Western Highlands and Madang . Mount_Wilhelm is also known as Enduwa Kombuglu in the local Kuman language , a Papuan language . Mount_Wilhelm is one of the highest mountains on the island of New Guinea , which incorporates Papua New Guinea and the Indonesian province of Papua . eos
is also known as Enduwa Kombuglu in the local Kuman language , a Papuan language . Mount_Wilhelm is one of the highest mountains on the island of New Guinea , which incorporates Papua New Guinea and the Indonesian province of Papua . Mount_Wilhelm is surpassed on New Guinea by Puncak Jaya in Papua at 4,884 m. eos
is one of the highest mountains on the island of New Guinea , which incorporates Papua New Guinea and the Indonesian province of Papua . Mount_Wilhelm is surpassed on New Guinea by Puncak Jaya in Papua at 4,884 m. eos
is surpassed on New Guinea by Puncak Jaya in Papua at 4,884 m. eos
, at 14,403 feet ( 4,390 m ) , is the second highest mountain in both the Sierra Nevada range , and the state of California . Mount_Williamson is the sixth highest peak in the contiguous United States . Mount_Williamson lies in the John Muir Wilderness of the Inyo National Forest . eos
is the sixth highest peak in the contiguous United States . Mount_Williamson lies in the John Muir Wilderness of the Inyo National Forest . Mount_Williamson is located approximately 6 miles ( 9 km ) north of Mount Whitney , the highest peak in the contiguous US , and about 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) southeast of Shepherd Pass , the nearest trail access . eos
lies in the John Muir Wilderness of the Inyo National Forest . Mount_Williamson is located approximately 6 miles ( 9 km ) north of Mount Whitney , the highest peak in the contiguous US , and about 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) southeast of Shepherd Pass , the nearest trail access . The closest town is Independence , California , about 11.8 miles ( 19 km ) north - north - east of Mount_Williamson in the Owens Valley . eos
is located approximately 6 miles ( 9 km ) north of Mount Whitney , the highest peak in the contiguous US , and about 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) southeast of Shepherd Pass , the nearest trail access . The closest town is Independence , California , about 11.8 miles ( 19 km ) north - north - east of Mount_Williamson in the Owens Valley . Mount_Williamson lies about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) east of the High Sierra crest , which forms the western edge of the Owens Valley . eos
in the Owens Valley . Mount_Williamson lies about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) east of the High Sierra crest , which forms the western edge of the Owens Valley . Mount_Williamson is more remote than Whitney in terms of access ; however Mount_Williamson is actually a bit closer to the Owens Valley floor than Whitney . eos
lies about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) east of the High Sierra crest , which forms the western edge of the Owens Valley . Mount_Williamson is more remote than Whitney in terms of access ; however Mount_Williamson is actually a bit closer to the Owens Valley floor than Whitney . For example , the drop from the summit to the forest edge is 8,000 feet ( 2,430 m ) in approximately 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) . eos
is more remote than Whitney in terms of access ; however Mount_Williamson is actually a bit closer to the Owens Valley floor than Whitney . For example , the drop from the summit to the forest edge is 8,000 feet ( 2,430 m ) in approximately 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) . This makes Mount_Williamson an imposing mountain , though far less of a popular climb than Mount_Williamson higher neighbor . eos
is actually a bit closer to the Owens Valley floor than Whitney . For example , the drop from the summit to the forest edge is 8,000 feet ( 2,430 m ) in approximately 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) . This makes Mount_Williamson an imposing mountain , though far less of a popular climb than Mount_Williamson higher neighbor . eos
higher neighbor . The standard ascent route is the West Side Route , accessed from Shepherd 's Pass . From the pass , one travels across the Williamson Bowl , which lies between Mount_Williamson and Mount Tyndall , part of the Sierra Crest . eos
an imposing mountain , though far less of a popular climb than Mount_Williamson higher neighbor . The standard ascent route is the West Side Route , accessed from Shepherd 's Pass . From the pass , one travels across the Williamson Bowl , which lies between Mount_Williamson and Mount Tyndall , part of the Sierra Crest . eos
and Mount Tyndall , part of the Sierra Crest . The bowl is home to five high alpine lakes . From the bowl , the route climbs gullies up the west face to the relatively broad summit plateau ; this portion involves scrambling up to Class 3 . eos
, including a significant technical route on the North Rib ( Grade IV , 5.7 ) . Climbing Mount_Williamson is made more difficult by two factors : first is the length and difficulty of the approach . Elevation gain from the trailhead is over 8,000 feet ( 2,430 m ) , and the trail to Shepherd 's Pass alone is 11 miles ( 18 km ) . eos
is made more difficult by two factors : first is the length and difficulty of the approach . Elevation gain from the trailhead is over 8,000 feet ( 2,430 m ) , and the trail to Shepherd 's Pass alone is 11 miles ( 18 km ) . Second , Mount_Williamson is in the Bighorn Sheep Zoological Preserve , which is closed for much of the year . eos
is in the Bighorn Sheep Zoological Preserve , which is closed for much of the year . The first recorded ascent of Mount_Williamson was made in 1884 by W L. Hunter and C Mulholland , via the Southeast Slopes Route . The first ascent of the West Side Route was made in 1896 by Bolton C Brown and Lucy Brown . eos
was made in 1884 by W L. Hunter and C Mulholland , via the Southeast Slopes Route . The first ascent of the West Side Route was made in 1896 by Bolton C Brown and Lucy Brown . New routes continued to be put up on the harder faces at least through the 1970s . eos
is named after Lt . Robert Stockton Williamson ( 1825 - 1882 ) , who conducted one of the Pacific Railroad Surveys in Southern California . eos
is one of the more prominent peaks in the San Gabriel Mountains , part of the Angeles National Forest in Los Angeles County , California , USA . Mount_Wilson_California is the location of the Mount Wilson Observatory and Mount_Wilson_California has become the astronomical center of Southern California with 60 inch ( 1524 mm ) and 100 inch ( 2540 mm ) telescopes , and 60 foot ( 18 m ) and 150 foot ( 46 m ) solar towers . Mount_Wilson_California is located at 5,710 feet although surrounding peaks around Mount_Wilson_California can rise slightly above 6,000 feet . eos
is the location of the Mount Wilson Observatory and Mount_Wilson_California has become the astronomical center of Southern California with 60 inch ( 1524 mm ) and 100 inch ( 2540 mm ) telescopes , and 60 foot ( 18 m ) and 150 foot ( 46 m ) solar towers . Mount_Wilson_California is located at 5,710 feet although surrounding peaks around Mount_Wilson_California can rise slightly above 6,000 feet . Due to this elevation , winter snow can sometimes interrupt astronomical activities on Mount_Wilson_California . eos
has become the astronomical center of Southern California with 60 inch ( 1524 mm ) and 100 inch ( 2540 mm ) telescopes , and 60 foot ( 18 m ) and 150 foot ( 46 m ) solar towers . Mount_Wilson_California is located at 5,710 feet although surrounding peaks around Mount_Wilson_California can rise slightly above 6,000 feet . Due to this elevation , winter snow can sometimes interrupt astronomical activities on Mount_Wilson_California . eos
is located at 5,710 feet although surrounding peaks around Mount_Wilson_California can rise slightly above 6,000 feet . Due to this elevation , winter snow can sometimes interrupt astronomical activities on Mount_Wilson_California . Mount_Wilson_California is also referred to as a metro - media center for Mount_Wilson_California relay broadcasting of radio and television frequencies for the Greater Los Angeles Area . eos
can rise slightly above 6,000 feet . Due to this elevation , winter snow can sometimes interrupt astronomical activities on Mount_Wilson_California . Mount_Wilson_California is also referred to as a metro - media center for Mount_Wilson_California relay broadcasting of radio and television frequencies for the Greater Los Angeles Area . eos
. Mount_Wilson_California is also referred to as a metro - media center for Mount_Wilson_California relay broadcasting of radio and television frequencies for the Greater Los Angeles Area . eos
is also referred to as a metro - media center for Mount_Wilson_California relay broadcasting of radio and television frequencies for the Greater Los Angeles Area . eos
relay broadcasting of radio and television frequencies for the Greater Los Angeles Area . eos
is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the US state of Colorado . Mount_Wilson_Colorado is located in the Lizard Head Wilderness in Dolores County approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Rico . Mount_Wilson_Colorado is the highest peak in the San Miguel Range of the San Juan Mountains . eos
is located in the Lizard Head Wilderness in Dolores County approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Rico . Mount_Wilson_Colorado is the highest peak in the San Miguel Range of the San Juan Mountains . eos
is the highest peak in the San Miguel Range of the San Juan Mountains . eos
is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , in the US state of Wyoming . Mount_Wister is located 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of Taggart Lake and to the south of Avalanche Canyon . eos
is located 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of Taggart Lake and to the south of Avalanche Canyon . eos
is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Mount_Woodring is immediately west of Leigh Lake and Mount_Woodring is sandwiched between Paintbrush Canyon to the south and Leigh Canyon to the north . The best access to the summit is from Paintbrush Divide along the Paintbrush Canyon Trail . eos
is immediately west of Leigh Lake and Mount_Woodring is sandwiched between Paintbrush Canyon to the south and Leigh Canyon to the north . The best access to the summit is from Paintbrush Divide along the Paintbrush Canyon Trail . eos
is sandwiched between Paintbrush Canyon to the south and Leigh Canyon to the north . The best access to the summit is from Paintbrush Divide along the Paintbrush Canyon Trail . eos
( 13,502 ft / 4,115 m ) is located in the Wind River Range in the US state of Wyoming . Mount_Woodrow_Wilson is the ninth highest in the range and the tenth tallest in Wyoming . The summit is located in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger - Teton National Forest , immediately west of the Continental Divide . eos
is the ninth highest in the range and the tenth tallest in Wyoming . The summit is located in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger - Teton National Forest , immediately west of the Continental Divide . The eastern and western flanks of Mount_Woodrow_Wilson are covered in snowfields and glaciers , including Dinwoody Glacier to the northeast and Mammoth Glacier to the west . eos
are covered in snowfields and glaciers , including Dinwoody Glacier to the northeast and Mammoth Glacier to the west . eos
is in Kotido province in the northeast of Uganda , Africa in the Kidepo Valley National Park . Nearby there are Mount Morungole , and the Labwor and Dodoth Hills which reach heights in excess of 2,000 metres . Mount_Zulia is 2,149 metres high . eos
is 2,149 metres high . eos
, also known as Mount Mulanje , is a large monadnock in southern Malawi near the city of Blantyre , rising sharply from the surrounding plains of Chiradzulu , and the tea - growing Mulanje district . Mulanje_Massif measures approximately 13x16 miles ( 22x26 kilometres ) and Mulanje_Massif has a maximum elevation of 3,002 m at Mulanje_Massif highest point , Sapitwa Peak . eos
measures approximately 13x16 miles ( 22x26 kilometres ) and Mulanje_Massif has a maximum elevation of 3,002 m at Mulanje_Massif highest point , Sapitwa Peak . Much of Mulanje_Massif consists of rolling grassland at elevations of 1800 - 2200 m , intersected by deep forested ravines . eos
has a maximum elevation of 3,002 m at Mulanje_Massif highest point , Sapitwa Peak . Much of Mulanje_Massif consists of rolling grassland at elevations of 1800 - 2200 m , intersected by deep forested ravines . Mulanje_Massif has many individual peaks reaching heights of over 2500 m , including Chambe Peak , the West Face of which is the longest rock climb in Africa . eos
highest point , Sapitwa Peak . Much of Mulanje_Massif consists of rolling grassland at elevations of 1800 - 2200 m , intersected by deep forested ravines . Mulanje_Massif has many individual peaks reaching heights of over 2500 m , including Chambe Peak , the West Face of which is the longest rock climb in Africa . eos
consists of rolling grassland at elevations of 1800 - 2200 m , intersected by deep forested ravines . Mulanje_Massif has many individual peaks reaching heights of over 2500 m , including Chambe Peak , the West Face of which is the longest rock climb in Africa . Mulanje_Massif was formed by the extrusion of magma into the earth 's crust about 130 million years ago . eos
has many individual peaks reaching heights of over 2500 m , including Chambe Peak , the West Face of which is the longest rock climb in Africa . Mulanje_Massif was formed by the extrusion of magma into the earth 's crust about 130 million years ago . The surrounding rock eroded away over time , leaving behind the erosion - resistant igneous rock of Mulanje_Massif . eos
was formed by the extrusion of magma into the earth 's crust about 130 million years ago . The surrounding rock eroded away over time , leaving behind the erosion - resistant igneous rock of Mulanje_Massif . The first European to report seeing Mulanje_Massif was David Livingstone in 1859 , but archeological investigation reveals evidence of human visits to Mulanje_Massif from the Stone Age onwards . eos
. The first European to report seeing Mulanje_Massif was David Livingstone in 1859 , but archeological investigation reveals evidence of human visits to Mulanje_Massif from the Stone Age onwards . The elevation of Mulanje_Massif is high enough for Mulanje_Massif disturb upper level air flow and induce rain clouds to form around Mulanje_Massif , making Mulanje_Massif an important source of rain water at the head of almost every river that runs through this part of Malawi . eos
from the Stone Age onwards . The elevation of Mulanje_Massif is high enough for Mulanje_Massif disturb upper level air flow and induce rain clouds to form around Mulanje_Massif , making Mulanje_Massif an important source of rain water at the head of almost every river that runs through this part of Malawi . The forested slopes of Mulanje_Massif support a sizable timber industry . eos
was David Livingstone in 1859 , but archeological investigation reveals evidence of human visits to Mulanje_Massif from the Stone Age onwards . The elevation of Mulanje_Massif is high enough for Mulanje_Massif disturb upper level air flow and induce rain clouds to form around Mulanje_Massif , making Mulanje_Massif an important source of rain water at the head of almost every river that runs through this part of Malawi . The forested slopes of Mulanje_Massif support a sizable timber industry . eos
is high enough for Mulanje_Massif disturb upper level air flow and induce rain clouds to form around Mulanje_Massif , making Mulanje_Massif an important source of rain water at the head of almost every river that runs through this part of Malawi . The forested slopes of Mulanje_Massif support a sizable timber industry . At one time there was a cableway to transport timber from the edge of the plateau down to the Likhubula Forestry Station , but it fell into disrepair , and currently planks are carried down manually . eos
disturb upper level air flow and induce rain clouds to form around Mulanje_Massif , making Mulanje_Massif an important source of rain water at the head of almost every river that runs through this part of Malawi . The forested slopes of Mulanje_Massif support a sizable timber industry . At one time there was a cableway to transport timber from the edge of the plateau down to the Likhubula Forestry Station , but it fell into disrepair , and currently planks are carried down manually . eos
, making Mulanje_Massif an important source of rain water at the head of almost every river that runs through this part of Malawi . The forested slopes of Mulanje_Massif support a sizable timber industry . At one time there was a cableway to transport timber from the edge of the plateau down to the Likhubula Forestry Station , but it fell into disrepair , and currently planks are carried down manually . eos
an important source of rain water at the head of almost every river that runs through this part of Malawi . The forested slopes of Mulanje_Massif support a sizable timber industry . At one time there was a cableway to transport timber from the edge of the plateau down to the Likhubula Forestry Station , but it fell into disrepair , and currently planks are carried down manually . eos
support a sizable timber industry . At one time there was a cableway to transport timber from the edge of the plateau down to the Likhubula Forestry Station , but it fell into disrepair , and currently planks are carried down manually . Mulanje_Massif is part of the protected Mulanje Mountain Forest Reserve . eos
is part of the protected Mulanje Mountain Forest Reserve . The native Mulanje Cypress ( Widdringtonia whytei ) has been so heavily logged that it is considered endangered and the park contains the last remaining stands of this tree , as well as a number of other plant and animal species - many of them endemic to the area . Examples include forest butterfies , birds such as the cholo alethe and White - winged Apalis , Dwarf Chameleon , geckos , skinks , the Squeaker Frog , and a rare limbless burrowing skink species . eos
is popular for hiking and climbing , and Mulanje_Massif has several mountain huts scattered across Mulanje_Massif . Sapitwa peak was first climbed in 1894 , and is now the most popular climb on the plateau . eos
has several mountain huts scattered across Mulanje_Massif . Sapitwa peak was first climbed in 1894 , and is now the most popular climb on the plateau . eos
. Sapitwa peak was first climbed in 1894 , and is now the most popular climb on the plateau . eos
is the highest mountain in continental Spain and in the Iberian Peninsula . Mulhacin is part of the Sierra Nevada range in the Cordillera Penibética . Mulhacin is named after Muley Abul Hassan , the penultimate Muslim King of Granada in the 15th century , who according to legend was buried on the summit of Mulhacin . eos
is part of the Sierra Nevada range in the Cordillera Penibética . Mulhacin is named after Muley Abul Hassan , the penultimate Muslim King of Granada in the 15th century , who according to legend was buried on the summit of Mulhacin . While not of exceptional height by European standards , Mulhacin is the highest peak in Europe outside the Caucasus Mountains and the Alps . eos
is named after Muley Abul Hassan , the penultimate Muslim King of Granada in the 15th century , who according to legend was buried on the summit of Mulhacin . While not of exceptional height by European standards , Mulhacin is the highest peak in Europe outside the Caucasus Mountains and the Alps . Mulhacin is also the third most topographically prominent peak in Western Europe , after Mont Blanc and Mount Etna , and Mulhacin is ranked 64th in the world by prominence . eos
. While not of exceptional height by European standards , Mulhacin is the highest peak in Europe outside the Caucasus Mountains and the Alps . Mulhacin is also the third most topographically prominent peak in Western Europe , after Mont Blanc and Mount Etna , and Mulhacin is ranked 64th in the world by prominence . eos
is the highest peak in Europe outside the Caucasus Mountains and the Alps . Mulhacin is also the third most topographically prominent peak in Western Europe , after Mont Blanc and Mount Etna , and Mulhacin is ranked 64th in the world by prominence . Mulhacin is not exceptionally dramatic in terms of steepness or local relief . eos
is also the third most topographically prominent peak in Western Europe , after Mont Blanc and Mount Etna , and Mulhacin is ranked 64th in the world by prominence . Mulhacin is not exceptionally dramatic in terms of steepness or local relief . The south flank of Mulhacin is gentle , and presents no technical challenge , as is the case for the long west ridge . eos
is ranked 64th in the world by prominence . Mulhacin is not exceptionally dramatic in terms of steepness or local relief . The south flank of Mulhacin is gentle , and presents no technical challenge , as is the case for the long west ridge . eos
is not exceptionally dramatic in terms of steepness or local relief . The south flank of Mulhacin is gentle , and presents no technical challenge , as is the case for the long west ridge . The shorter , somewhat steeper north east ridge is slightly more technical . eos
is gentle , and presents no technical challenge , as is the case for the long west ridge . The shorter , somewhat steeper north east ridge is slightly more technical . The north face of Mulhacin , however , is much steeper , and offers several routes involving moderately steep climbing on snow and ice ( up to French grade AD ) in the winter . eos
, however , is much steeper , and offers several routes involving moderately steep climbing on snow and ice ( up to French grade AD ) in the winter . Mulhacin can be climbed in a single day from the villages of either Capileira or Trevelez , but it is more common to spend a night at the mountain refuge at Poqueira , or in the bare shelter at Caldera to the west . Those making the ascent from Trevelez can also bivouac at the tarns to the northeast of Mulhacin . eos
can be climbed in a single day from the villages of either Capileira or Trevelez , but it is more common to spend a night at the mountain refuge at Poqueira , or in the bare shelter at Caldera to the west . Those making the ascent from Trevelez can also bivouac at the tarns to the northeast of Mulhacin . On march 7 , 2006 three British climbers from Teesside died on Mulhacin from suspected hypothermia . eos
. On march 7 , 2006 three British climbers from Teesside died on Mulhacin from suspected hypothermia . Initial reports quoting the Spanish Civil Guard stated that the three were ill - equipped for the extreme conditions . eos
from suspected hypothermia . Initial reports quoting the Spanish Civil Guard stated that the three were ill - equipped for the extreme conditions . This claim was subsequently disputed both by the family and a colleague of one of the climbers , and by one of the rescuers . eos
, or Muztagata ( Chinese : 慕士塔格峰 ; pinyin : Mùshìtǎgé Fēng ) , is the second highest of the mountains which form the northern edge of the Tibetan Plateau . eos
is sometimes regarded as being part of the Kunlun Shan , although physically Muztagh_Ata is more closely connected to the Pamir . Muztagh_Ata is also reputedly one of the easiest 7,000 m peaks in the world to climb , due to Muztagh_Ata gentle western slope and the comparatively drier weather of Xinjiang . eos
is more closely connected to the Pamir . Muztagh_Ata is also reputedly one of the easiest 7,000 m peaks in the world to climb , due to Muztagh_Ata gentle western slope and the comparatively drier weather of Xinjiang . eos
is also reputedly one of the easiest 7,000 m peaks in the world to climb , due to Muztagh_Ata gentle western slope and the comparatively drier weather of Xinjiang . eos
gentle western slope and the comparatively drier weather of Xinjiang . eos
( also : Mustagh Tower ; Muztagh : ice tower ) , is a mountain of the Karakoram range in the Himalaya in Northern Areas of Pakistan . Muztagh_Tower is often said to be one of the most difficult mountains in the world to climb . eos
is often said to be one of the most difficult mountains in the world to climb . Muztagh_Tower stands 7,273 metres high between the basins of the Baltoro and Sarpo Laggo glaciers , and Muztagh_Tower also possesses a second summit , on the northeast ridge , that is 7,180 m high . Long considered unclimbable , Muztagh_Tower was first summited in 1956 by a British expedition , consisting of John Hartog , Joe Brown , Tom Patey and Ian McNaught Davis , that came from the west side . eos
stands 7,273 metres high between the basins of the Baltoro and Sarpo Laggo glaciers , and Muztagh_Tower also possesses a second summit , on the northeast ridge , that is 7,180 m high . Long considered unclimbable , Muztagh_Tower was first summited in 1956 by a British expedition , consisting of John Hartog , Joe Brown , Tom Patey and Ian McNaught Davis , that came from the west side . The group barely managed to beat a French party attempting to climb Muztagh_Tower from the east , reaching the top on july 6 , 1956 , five days before the French . eos
also possesses a second summit , on the northeast ridge , that is 7,180 m high . Long considered unclimbable , Muztagh_Tower was first summited in 1956 by a British expedition , consisting of John Hartog , Joe Brown , Tom Patey and Ian McNaught Davis , that came from the west side . The group barely managed to beat a French party attempting to climb Muztagh_Tower from the east , reaching the top on july 6 , 1956 , five days before the French . eos
was first summited in 1956 by a British expedition , consisting of John Hartog , Joe Brown , Tom Patey and Ian McNaught Davis , that came from the west side . The group barely managed to beat a French party attempting to climb Muztagh_Tower from the east , reaching the top on july 6 , 1956 , five days before the French . The lower summit was first climbed in 1984 by the northeast ridge . eos
from the east , reaching the top on july 6 , 1956 , five days before the French . The lower summit was first climbed in 1984 by the northeast ridge . eos
( 4,327 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . Nadelhorn is the highest point on the Nadelgrat , a high - level ridge running roughly north - south above the resort of Saas - Fee to the east , and the Mattertal to the west . Nadelhorn three ridges join to form a sharp - pointed summit , which looks like a needle ( German : Nadel ) when seen from the north . eos
is the highest point on the Nadelgrat , a high - level ridge running roughly north - south above the resort of Saas - Fee to the east , and the Mattertal to the west . Nadelhorn three ridges join to form a sharp - pointed summit , which looks like a needle ( German : Nadel ) when seen from the north . Nadelhorn was first climbed by Franz Andenmatten , Baptiste Epiney , Aloys Supersaxo and J Zimmermann on 16 september 1858 . eos
three ridges join to form a sharp - pointed summit , which looks like a needle ( German : Nadel ) when seen from the north . Nadelhorn was first climbed by Franz Andenmatten , Baptiste Epiney , Aloys Supersaxo and J Zimmermann on 16 september 1858 . eos
was first climbed by Franz Andenmatten , Baptiste Epiney , Aloys Supersaxo and J Zimmermann on 16 september 1858 . eos
( officially : Namjagbarwa ; Tibetan in Wylie transliteration : gnam lcags ` bar ba ; Chinese : 南迦巴瓦峰 , Pinyin : Nánjiābāwǎ Fēng ) is a mountain in the Tibetan Himalaya . Namcha_Barwa forms the eastern anchor of the Himalayan chain , and Namcha_Barwa is the easternmost mountain in the world over 7600 m . eos
forms the eastern anchor of the Himalayan chain , and Namcha_Barwa is the easternmost mountain in the world over 7600 m . eos
is the easternmost mountain in the world over 7600 m . eos
is the second highest mountain in India , and the highest entirely within the country . ( Kangchenjunga , on the border of India and Nepal , is the highest peak in India . However , as per the Indian Government , K2 is the highest mountain in India ) . eos
is part of the Garhwal Himalaya , and Nanda_Devi is located in the state of Uttarakhand , between the Rishiganga valley on the west and the Goriganga valley on the east . Nanda_Devi name means Bliss - Giving Goddess . Nanda_Devi is regarded as the patron - goddess of the Uttarakhand Himalaya . eos
is located in the state of Uttarakhand , between the Rishiganga valley on the west and the Goriganga valley on the east . Nanda_Devi name means Bliss - Giving Goddess . Nanda_Devi is regarded as the patron - goddess of the Uttarakhand Himalaya . eos
name means Bliss - Giving Goddess . Nanda_Devi is regarded as the patron - goddess of the Uttarakhand Himalaya . eos
is regarded as the patron - goddess of the Uttarakhand Himalaya . eos
is the ninth highest mountain on Earth . Nanga Parbat means ` ` Naked Mountain '' in Urdu , parbat deriving from the Sanskrit word parvata ( पर्वत ) meaning ` ` mountain '' . Nanga_Parbat was one of the deadliest of the eight - thousanders for climbers in the first half of the twentieth century ; since that time Nanga_Parbat has been less so , though still an extremely serious climb . eos
was one of the deadliest of the eight - thousanders for climbers in the first half of the twentieth century ; since that time Nanga_Parbat has been less so , though still an extremely serious climb . Nanga_Parbat is also an immense , dramatic peak Nanga_Parbat rises far above Nanga_Parbat surrounding terrain . eos
has been less so , though still an extremely serious climb . Nanga_Parbat is also an immense , dramatic peak Nanga_Parbat rises far above Nanga_Parbat surrounding terrain . eos
is also an immense , dramatic peak Nanga_Parbat rises far above Nanga_Parbat surrounding terrain . eos
rises far above Nanga_Parbat surrounding terrain . eos
surrounding terrain . eos
is a mountain peak of volcanic origin located in the Andes mountain range of Peru . Nevado_Mismi is about 160 km west of Lake Titicaca and 700 km southeast of Peru 's capital city , Lima , in the Arequipa Region . Nevado_Mismi is one of the highest points of Colca Canyon . eos
is about 160 km west of Lake Titicaca and 700 km southeast of Peru 's capital city , Lima , in the Arequipa Region . Nevado_Mismi is one of the highest points of Colca Canyon . There are several glaciers on Nevado_Mismi . eos
is one of the highest points of Colca Canyon . There are several glaciers on Nevado_Mismi . In 2001 , it was verified that the main headwater of the Amazon River has its glacial source on Nevado_Mismi . eos
. In 2001 , it was verified that the main headwater of the Amazon River has its glacial source on Nevado_Mismi . An expedition of the National Geographic Society discovered that Carhuasanta stream flowing into Río Apurímac originates on Nevado_Mismi northern slopes and then runs its course through other tributaries and rivers to help form the main Amazon River . eos
. An expedition of the National Geographic Society discovered that Carhuasanta stream flowing into Río Apurímac originates on Nevado_Mismi northern slopes and then runs its course through other tributaries and rivers to help form the main Amazon River . The fact that the headwaters of Río Apurímac are the source of the Amazon River was confirmed by Brazilian scientists in 2007 , who pointed at Quebrada Apacheta as the most probable source of the Amazon . eos
northern slopes and then runs its course through other tributaries and rivers to help form the main Amazon River . The fact that the headwaters of Río Apurímac are the source of the Amazon River was confirmed by Brazilian scientists in 2007 , who pointed at Quebrada Apacheta as the most probable source of the Amazon . eos
is a mountain in Peru , located in the Cordillera Blanca about 60 km north of Huaraz . Nevado_Pisco was first climbed in july 12 , 1951 by C Kojan , G Kojan , R Leininger and M Lenoir . Previously , Nevado_Pisco was popular for Nevado_Pisco easy climb . eos
was first climbed in july 12 , 1951 by C Kojan , G Kojan , R Leininger and M Lenoir . Previously , Nevado_Pisco was popular for Nevado_Pisco easy climb . Due to global warming and the resulting retreat of glaciers worldwide , a large piece of the glacier broke away in 2004 . eos
was popular for Nevado_Pisco easy climb . Due to global warming and the resulting retreat of glaciers worldwide , a large piece of the glacier broke away in 2004 . As a result , Nevado_Pisco is no longer the easy climb Nevado_Pisco once was and depending on the season eos
easy climb . Due to global warming and the resulting retreat of glaciers worldwide , a large piece of the glacier broke away in 2004 . As a result , Nevado_Pisco is no longer the easy climb Nevado_Pisco once was and depending on the season eos
is no longer the easy climb Nevado_Pisco once was and depending on the season Nevado_Pisco has a large ice wall with a 50 - 60 meter climb up a 60 degree slope . Nevado_Pisco is now rated an AD - . eos
once was and depending on the season Nevado_Pisco has a large ice wall with a 50 - 60 meter climb up a 60 degree slope . Nevado_Pisco is now rated an AD - . eos
has a large ice wall with a 50 - 60 meter climb up a 60 degree slope . Nevado_Pisco is now rated an AD - . It is predicted that Nevado_Pisco will get more difficult as the glacier continues to recede . eos
is now rated an AD - . It is predicted that Nevado_Pisco will get more difficult as the glacier continues to recede . There are a multitude of companies in Huaraz offering guided climbs of Nevado_Pisco , which usually include all equipment , food , transport , guide , and possibly a porter . eos
will get more difficult as the glacier continues to recede . There are a multitude of companies in Huaraz offering guided climbs of Nevado_Pisco , which usually include all equipment , food , transport , guide , and possibly a porter . The normal route is from the road to the south , up to the col to the west , then to the summit . eos
, which usually include all equipment , food , transport , guide , and possibly a porter . The normal route is from the road to the south , up to the col to the west , then to the summit . There are two camps on Nevado_Pisco and one at Nevado_Pisco base , although climbers often only use one . eos
and one at Nevado_Pisco base , although climbers often only use one . The first is next to the road and river on the valley floor . The second is in or next to Refugio Perú ( at 4,765 m ) . eos
base , although climbers often only use one . The first is next to the road and river on the valley floor . The second is in or next to Refugio Perú ( at 4,765 m ) . eos
are superb , encompassing many of the other well known mountains of the Cordillera Blanca , such as Huascarán , Chopicalqui , Artesonraju , and Alpamayo . The altitude makes the climb very difficult for anyone not well acclimatised or fit , and even those who are will be slowed down . Sleeping at the two high camps is also difficult . eos
is an extinct stratovolcano and the highest peak in Bolivia . Nevado_Sajama is located in Sajama National Park in the southwest area of the country some 16 - 24 km ( 10 - 15 mi ) from the border with Chile . Nevado_Sajama is an isolated cone , but Nevado_Sajama is geologically complex , with lava domes of andesitic and rhyodactic composition overlain by an andesitic stratovolcano . eos
is located in Sajama National Park in the southwest area of the country some 16 - 24 km ( 10 - 15 mi ) from the border with Chile . Nevado_Sajama is an isolated cone , but Nevado_Sajama is geologically complex , with lava domes of andesitic and rhyodactic composition overlain by an andesitic stratovolcano . The date of the most recent eruption is uncertain , although Holocene activity is assigned to Nevado_Sajama by many . eos
is an isolated cone , but Nevado_Sajama is geologically complex , with lava domes of andesitic and rhyodactic composition overlain by an andesitic stratovolcano . The date of the most recent eruption is uncertain , although Holocene activity is assigned to Nevado_Sajama by many . Joseph Prem made the first attempt to climb Nevado_Sajama in 1927 by the northwest ridge but was stopped short at 6,200 m . eos
is geologically complex , with lava domes of andesitic and rhyodactic composition overlain by an andesitic stratovolcano . The date of the most recent eruption is uncertain , although Holocene activity is assigned to Nevado_Sajama by many . Joseph Prem made the first attempt to climb Nevado_Sajama in 1927 by the northwest ridge but was stopped short at 6,200 m . eos
by many . Joseph Prem made the first attempt to climb Nevado_Sajama in 1927 by the northwest ridge but was stopped short at 6,200 m . After several more attempts , Prem along with Wilfrid Kuehm reached the top in august 1939 by a more difficult southeast ridge . eos
in 1927 by the northwest ridge but was stopped short at 6,200 m . After several more attempts , Prem along with Wilfrid Kuehm reached the top in august 1939 by a more difficult southeast ridge . eos
is a mountain in the Andes Mountains . Nevado_Tres_Cruces has two main summits , Tres Cruces Sur at 6,749 m and Tres Cruces Central at 6,629 m . The former marks the border between Argentina and Chile . eos
has two main summits , Tres Cruces Sur at 6,749 m and Tres Cruces Central at 6,629 m . The former marks the border between Argentina and Chile . Nevado_Tres_Cruces gives Nevado_Tres_Cruces name to Nevado Tres Cruces National Park in Chile . eos
gives Nevado_Tres_Cruces name to Nevado Tres Cruces National Park in Chile . eos
name to Nevado Tres Cruces National Park in Chile . eos
is a large stratovolcano in central Mexico , located about 80 km west of Mexico City near the city of Toluca . Nevado_de_Toluca is generally cited as the fourth highest of Mexico 's peaks , after Pico de Orizaba , Popocatépetl , and Iztaccíhuatl , although by some measurements , Sierra Negra is slightly higher . Nevado_de_Toluca is often called by the Nahuatl name Xinantécatl , ` ` Senor Desnudo '' in spanish , which is usually translated as ` ` The Naked Man '' although other etymologies have been suggested such as ` ` Lord of the Cornstalks '' ( chinām ( itl ) ` cornstalks ' + tēcatl ` lord of ' ) . eos
is generally cited as the fourth highest of Mexico 's peaks , after Pico de Orizaba , Popocatépetl , and Iztaccíhuatl , although by some measurements , Sierra Negra is slightly higher . Nevado_de_Toluca is often called by the Nahuatl name Xinantécatl , ` ` Senor Desnudo '' in spanish , which is usually translated as ` ` The Naked Man '' although other etymologies have been suggested such as ` ` Lord of the Cornstalks '' ( chinām ( itl ) ` cornstalks ' + tēcatl ` lord of ' ) . Nevado_de_Toluca has a 1.5 km ( 1 mile ) wide summit caldera which is open to the west . eos
is often called by the Nahuatl name Xinantécatl , ` ` Senor Desnudo '' in spanish , which is usually translated as ` ` The Naked Man '' although other etymologies have been suggested such as ` ` Lord of the Cornstalks '' ( chinām ( itl ) ` cornstalks ' + tēcatl ` lord of ' ) . Nevado_de_Toluca has a 1.5 km ( 1 mile ) wide summit caldera which is open to the west . The highest summit , Pico del Fraile ( Friar 's Peak ) , is on the south side of the crater and the second highest , Pico de la Aguila ( Eagle 's Peak ) , is on the north . eos
has a 1.5 km ( 1 mile ) wide summit caldera which is open to the west . The highest summit , Pico del Fraile ( Friar 's Peak ) , is on the south side of the crater and the second highest , Pico de la Aguila ( Eagle 's Peak ) , is on the north . There are two crater lakes on the floor of the basin at about 4200 m , the larger Laguna del Sol ( Sun Lake ) and the smaller , but deeper , Laguna de la Luna ( Moon Lake ) . eos
perhaps the most accessible major Mexican peak . From the southeast , Nevado_de_Toluca looks flat - topped , like shoulders without a head . A legend ( recounted as part of the legend of Popocatépetl and Iztaccíhuatl ) provides a mythical explanation . eos
looks flat - topped , like shoulders without a head . A legend ( recounted as part of the legend of Popocatépetl and Iztaccíhuatl ) provides a mythical explanation . eos
, at 5,365 metres ( 17,602 ft ) , is the highest volcano in Colombia , located in Huila Department . Over the years , the amount of snow on Nevado_del_Huila has been decreasing due to global warming . After being dormant for more than 500 years , Nevado_del_Huila showed heavy signs of activity in 2007 . eos
has been decreasing due to global warming . After being dormant for more than 500 years , Nevado_del_Huila showed heavy signs of activity in 2007 . As of february 20 , 2007 there have been more than 7000 ` ` minor '' seismic events , and a high state of alert is currently in place for the departments of Cauca , Huila , Caldas and Valle del Cauca . eos
showed heavy signs of activity in 2007 . As of february 20 , 2007 there have been more than 7000 ` ` minor '' seismic events , and a high state of alert is currently in place for the departments of Cauca , Huila , Caldas and Valle del Cauca . An eruption could result in a tragedy for the small villages around Nevado_del_Huila , mostly Paez , Cauca where their habitants still have in the memory the eruption of the Nevado del Ruiz volcano and the destruction of Armero . eos
, mostly Paez , Cauca where their habitants still have in the memory the eruption of the Nevado del Ruiz volcano and the destruction of Armero . eos
is an Andean stratovolcano in Caldas Department , Colombia . Nevado_del_Ruiz is the northernmost volcano of the Andean Volcanic Belt and Nevado_del_Ruiz lies about 15 miles southeast of Manizales , with the town of Armero in the valley below . Nevado_del_Ruiz is the northernmost and highest Colombian volcano with historical activity . eos
is the northernmost volcano of the Andean Volcanic Belt and Nevado_del_Ruiz lies about 15 miles southeast of Manizales , with the town of Armero in the valley below . Nevado_del_Ruiz is the northernmost and highest Colombian volcano with historical activity . Nevado_del_Ruiz 1985 eruption produced a lahar which completely buried the city and caused an estimated 23,000 deaths in what came to be known as the Armero tragedy . eos
lies about 15 miles southeast of Manizales , with the town of Armero in the valley below . Nevado_del_Ruiz is the northernmost and highest Colombian volcano with historical activity . Nevado_del_Ruiz 1985 eruption produced a lahar which completely buried the city and caused an estimated 23,000 deaths in what came to be known as the Armero tragedy . eos
is the northernmost and highest Colombian volcano with historical activity . Nevado_del_Ruiz 1985 eruption produced a lahar which completely buried the city and caused an estimated 23,000 deaths in what came to be known as the Armero tragedy . Nevado_del_Ruiz was produced by subduction of the oceanic Nazca Plate beneath the continental South American Plate . eos
1985 eruption produced a lahar which completely buried the city and caused an estimated 23,000 deaths in what came to be known as the Armero tragedy . Nevado_del_Ruiz was produced by subduction of the oceanic Nazca Plate beneath the continental South American Plate . Stratovolcanoes in the Andes are for the most part Plinian , as is Nevado_del_Ruiz , and produce pyroclastic flows . eos
was produced by subduction of the oceanic Nazca Plate beneath the continental South American Plate . Stratovolcanoes in the Andes are for the most part Plinian , as is Nevado_del_Ruiz , and produce pyroclastic flows . Nevado_del_Ruiz consists of andesite and dacite lava . eos
, and produce pyroclastic flows . Nevado_del_Ruiz consists of andesite and dacite lava . Nevado_del_Ruiz has been called ` ` the Sleeping Lion '' by the local towns around it . eos
consists of andesite and dacite lava . Nevado_del_Ruiz has been called ` ` the Sleeping Lion '' by the local towns around it . eos
has been called ` ` the Sleeping Lion '' by the local towns around it . eos
is a volcano located in Tolima Department , Colombia , south of Nevado del Ruiz volcano . Nevado_del_Tolima contrasts with the broad profile of Nevado del Ruiz volcano to the north . Nevado_del_Tolima formed during the past 40,000 years , rising above and largely obscuring a 3-km - wide late - Pleistocene caldera . eos
contrasts with the broad profile of Nevado del Ruiz volcano to the north . Nevado_del_Tolima formed during the past 40,000 years , rising above and largely obscuring a 3-km - wide late - Pleistocene caldera . The summit consists of a cluster of late - Pleistocene to Holocene lava domes that were associated with thick block - lava flows on the northern and eastern flanks and extensive pyroclastic - flow deposits . eos
formed during the past 40,000 years , rising above and largely obscuring a 3-km - wide late - Pleistocene caldera . The summit consists of a cluster of late - Pleistocene to Holocene lava domes that were associated with thick block - lava flows on the northern and eastern flanks and extensive pyroclastic - flow deposits . The summit contains a funnel - shaped crater 200 - 300 m deep . eos
in the 19th and 20th centuries . eos
7,985 ft ( 2,434 m ) high is a large shield volcano located 40 miles ( 60 km ) east of the Cascade Volcanic Belt , the Cascade Range and about 20 miles ( 30 km ) southeast of Bend , Oregon . eos
is not a typical shield volcano in that , in addition to erupting basaltic lavas , Newberry_Volcano also has erupted andesitic and even rhyolitic lava . Newberry_Volcano is 20 miles ( 30 km ) in diameter , Newberry_Volcano has an approximate volume of 80 mile ³ ( 330 km ³ ) , and Newberry_Volcano possesses a large oval - shaped caldera four by five miles in diameter , called the Newberry Caldera . Within the caldera there are two lakes ( Paulina Lake and East Lake ) many pyroclastic cones , lava flows , and obsidian domes . eos
also has erupted andesitic and even rhyolitic lava . Newberry_Volcano is 20 miles ( 30 km ) in diameter , Newberry_Volcano has an approximate volume of 80 mile ³ ( 330 km ³ ) , and Newberry_Volcano possesses a large oval - shaped caldera four by five miles in diameter , called the Newberry Caldera . Within the caldera there are two lakes ( Paulina Lake and East Lake ) many pyroclastic cones , lava flows , and obsidian domes . eos
is 20 miles ( 30 km ) in diameter , Newberry_Volcano has an approximate volume of 80 mile ³ ( 330 km ³ ) , and Newberry_Volcano possesses a large oval - shaped caldera four by five miles in diameter , called the Newberry Caldera . Within the caldera there are two lakes ( Paulina Lake and East Lake ) many pyroclastic cones , lava flows , and obsidian domes . A deep gash in the northern caldera wall , dubbed The Fissure , is the end of a 29 mile ( 47 km ) long series of fractures called the Northwest Rift Zone . eos
has an approximate volume of 80 mile ³ ( 330 km ³ ) , and Newberry_Volcano possesses a large oval - shaped caldera four by five miles in diameter , called the Newberry Caldera . Within the caldera there are two lakes ( Paulina Lake and East Lake ) many pyroclastic cones , lava flows , and obsidian domes . A deep gash in the northern caldera wall , dubbed The Fissure , is the end of a 29 mile ( 47 km ) long series of fractures called the Northwest Rift Zone . eos
possesses a large oval - shaped caldera four by five miles in diameter , called the Newberry Caldera . Within the caldera there are two lakes ( Paulina Lake and East Lake ) many pyroclastic cones , lava flows , and obsidian domes . A deep gash in the northern caldera wall , dubbed The Fissure , is the end of a 29 mile ( 47 km ) long series of fractures called the Northwest Rift Zone . eos
northwest flank . eos
is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , immediately southeast of Grand Teton . Nez_Perce_mountain is in the central portions of the range , immediately east of Cloudveil Dome and Nez_Perce_mountain is sometimes considered to be part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group . Nez_Perce_mountain rises to the south of Garnet Canyon and Nez_Perce_mountain is a dramatic peak eos
is in the central portions of the range , immediately east of Cloudveil Dome and Nez_Perce_mountain is sometimes considered to be part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group . Nez_Perce_mountain rises to the south of Garnet Canyon and Nez_Perce_mountain is a dramatic peak Nez_Perce_mountain dominates the skyline to the west of Bradley and Taggart Lakes . eos
is sometimes considered to be part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group . Nez_Perce_mountain rises to the south of Garnet Canyon and Nez_Perce_mountain is a dramatic peak Nez_Perce_mountain dominates the skyline to the west of Bradley and Taggart Lakes . eos
rises to the south of Garnet Canyon and Nez_Perce_mountain is a dramatic peak Nez_Perce_mountain dominates the skyline to the west of Bradley and Taggart Lakes . When viewed from Jackson Hole , Nez_Perce_mountain often obscures the view of Cloudveil Dome as well as South Teton , even though both summits are higher . eos
is a dramatic peak Nez_Perce_mountain dominates the skyline to the west of Bradley and Taggart Lakes . When viewed from Jackson Hole , Nez_Perce_mountain often obscures the view of Cloudveil Dome as well as South Teton , even though both summits are higher . eos
dominates the skyline to the west of Bradley and Taggart Lakes . When viewed from Jackson Hole , Nez_Perce_mountain often obscures the view of Cloudveil Dome as well as South Teton , even though both summits are higher . eos
often obscures the view of Cloudveil Dome as well as South Teton , even though both summits are higher . eos
( also known as Peak 29 , Dakura , Dakum , or Dunapurna ) is a high peak in the Mansiri Himal ( or Manaslu Himal ) , also known as the Gurkha Massif , in Nepal . Ngadi_Chuli is flanked by Manaslu to the north and Himalchuli to the south . Despite Ngadi_Chuli top 20 height , Ngadi_Chuli has only been climbed once or twice . eos
is flanked by Manaslu to the north and Himalchuli to the south . Despite Ngadi_Chuli top 20 height , Ngadi_Chuli has only been climbed once or twice . The probable first ascent occurred in 1970 . eos
top 20 height , Ngadi_Chuli has only been climbed once or twice . The probable first ascent occurred in 1970 . Hiroshi Watanabe and Sherpa Lhaksa Tsering , members of a Japanese expedition , climbed the east ridge and face . eos
has only been climbed once or twice . The probable first ascent occurred in 1970 . Hiroshi Watanabe and Sherpa Lhaksa Tsering , members of a Japanese expedition , climbed the east ridge and face . eos
, the Japanese organized three more expeditions , but these all failed . The first confirmed ascent , and as of 2005 the last attempt on Ngadi_Chuli , was in 1979 by the Polish climbers Ryszard Gajewski and Maciej Pawlikowski via the West buttress . eos
, was in 1979 by the Polish climbers Ryszard Gajewski and Maciej Pawlikowski via the West buttress . eos
( meaning north end in German ) is the northernmost peak of the Monte Rosa massif . Nordend is the fourth highest peak of the massif , after the Dufourspitze ( 4,634 m ) , the Ostspitze ( 4,632 m ) and the Grenzgipfel ( 4,618 m ) . eos
is the fourth highest peak of the massif , after the Dufourspitze ( 4,634 m ) , the Ostspitze ( 4,632 m ) and the Grenzgipfel ( 4,618 m ) . eos
is a peak in the Catskill Mountains of New York , on the border between the towns of Catskill and Hunter , in Greene County . North_Mountain_Catskills is part of the Catskill Escarpment . North_Mountain_Catskills overlooks the North - South Lake State Campground , an area where resort hotels such as the Catskill Mountain House were once located , and thus North_Mountain_Catskills has long been a popular climb with hikers . eos
is part of the Catskill Escarpment . North_Mountain_Catskills overlooks the North - South Lake State Campground , an area where resort hotels such as the Catskill Mountain House were once located , and thus North_Mountain_Catskills has long been a popular climb with hikers . North_Mountain_Catskills can be reached by several trails from the campground area , all of which eventually lead to the Escarpment Trail , which crosses the summit . eos
overlooks the North - South Lake State Campground , an area where resort hotels such as the Catskill Mountain House were once located , and thus North_Mountain_Catskills has long been a popular climb with hikers . North_Mountain_Catskills can be reached by several trails from the campground area , all of which eventually lead to the Escarpment Trail , which crosses the summit . Most hikers stop , at least for a while , at North Point , an area of many open ledges located at 2,900 feet ( 880 m ) , along the trail about a half - mile ( 800 m ) below the summit . eos
has long been a popular climb with hikers . North_Mountain_Catskills can be reached by several trails from the campground area , all of which eventually lead to the Escarpment Trail , which crosses the summit . Most hikers stop , at least for a while , at North Point , an area of many open ledges located at 2,900 feet ( 880 m ) , along the trail about a half - mile ( 800 m ) below the summit . eos
can be reached by several trails from the campground area , all of which eventually lead to the Escarpment Trail , which crosses the summit . Most hikers stop , at least for a while , at North Point , an area of many open ledges located at 2,900 feet ( 880 m ) , along the trail about a half - mile ( 800 m ) below the summit . The views of the lakes , other mountains such as Kaaterskill High Peak and the Hudson River and its valley are expansive . eos
is the third highest mountain in the Sierra Nevada range of California . North_Palisade is the highest peak of the Palisades group of peaks in the central part of the range . North_Palisade sports a small glacier ( the Palisade Glacier ) and several highly prized rock climbing routes on North_Palisade northeast side . eos
is the highest peak of the Palisades group of peaks in the central part of the range . North_Palisade sports a small glacier ( the Palisade Glacier ) and several highly prized rock climbing routes on North_Palisade northeast side . eos
sports a small glacier ( the Palisade Glacier ) and several highly prized rock climbing routes on North_Palisade northeast side . eos
northeast side . eos
is one of the two peaks that comprise The Twins massif located at the northeast corner of the Columbia Icefield in Jasper National Park , Alberta , Canada . The other lower peak is named South Twin ( 3,566 m ) . North_Twin_Peak is the third highest peak in the Canadian Rockies , after Mount Robson and Mount Columbia . eos
is the third highest peak in the Canadian Rockies , after Mount Robson and Mount Columbia . The massif was named The Twins in 1898 by J Norman Collie and Hugh M Stutfield . The decision to name the peaks separately was approved february 28 1980 . eos
and South Twin , the massif contains a northern subpeak of North_Twin_Peak known as Twins Tower , 3,627 m ( 11,900 ft ) . This sits atop the famed north face of the massif ( see below ) , and was named in 1984 . eos
known as Twins Tower , 3,627 m ( 11,900 ft ) . This sits atop the famed north face of the massif ( see below ) , and was named in 1984 . eos
is a mountain in the Khumbu region of the Mahalangur Himal , in the Nepalese Himalaya . Nuptse lies two kilometres WSW of Mount Everest . Nuptse is Tibetan for ` ` west peak '' , as Nuptse is the western segment of the Lhotse - Nuptse massif . eos
lies two kilometres WSW of Mount Everest . Nuptse is Tibetan for ` ` west peak '' , as Nuptse is the western segment of the Lhotse - Nuptse massif . The long east - west trending main ridge of Nuptse is crowned by seven peaks : The main peak , Nuptse I , was first climbed on May 16 , 1961 by Dennis Davis and Sherpa Tashi , members of a British expedition . eos
is the western segment of the Lhotse - Nuptse massif . The long east - west trending main ridge of Nuptse is crowned by seven peaks : The main peak , Nuptse I , was first climbed on May 16 , 1961 by Dennis Davis and Sherpa Tashi , members of a British expedition . After a long hiatus , Nuptse again became the objective of high - standard mountaineers in the 1990s and 2000s , with important routes being put up on Nuptse west , south , and north faces . eos
is crowned by seven peaks : The main peak , Nuptse I , was first climbed on May 16 , 1961 by Dennis Davis and Sherpa Tashi , members of a British expedition . After a long hiatus , Nuptse again became the objective of high - standard mountaineers in the 1990s and 2000s , with important routes being put up on Nuptse west , south , and north faces . While Nuptse is a dramatic peak when viewed from the south or west , and Nuptse towers above the base camp for the standard south col route on Everest , Nuptse is not a particularly independent peak : Nuptse topographic prominence is only 319 m ( 1,047 ft ) . eos
again became the objective of high - standard mountaineers in the 1990s and 2000s , with important routes being put up on Nuptse west , south , and north faces . While Nuptse is a dramatic peak when viewed from the south or west , and Nuptse towers above the base camp for the standard south col route on Everest , Nuptse is not a particularly independent peak : Nuptse topographic prominence is only 319 m ( 1,047 ft ) . Hence Nuptse is not ranked on the list of highest mountains . eos
west , south , and north faces . While Nuptse is a dramatic peak when viewed from the south or west , and Nuptse towers above the base camp for the standard south col route on Everest , Nuptse is not a particularly independent peak : Nuptse topographic prominence is only 319 m ( 1,047 ft ) . Hence Nuptse is not ranked on the list of highest mountains . eos
topographic prominence is only 319 m ( 1,047 ft ) . Hence Nuptse is not ranked on the list of highest mountains . eos
is a dramatic peak when viewed from the south or west , and Nuptse towers above the base camp for the standard south col route on Everest , Nuptse is not a particularly independent peak : Nuptse topographic prominence is only 319 m ( 1,047 ft ) . Hence Nuptse is not ranked on the list of highest mountains . eos
towers above the base camp for the standard south col route on Everest , Nuptse is not a particularly independent peak : Nuptse topographic prominence is only 319 m ( 1,047 ft ) . Hence Nuptse is not ranked on the list of highest mountains . eos
is not a particularly independent peak : Nuptse topographic prominence is only 319 m ( 1,047 ft ) . Hence Nuptse is not ranked on the list of highest mountains . eos
is not ranked on the list of highest mountains . eos
is a massive stratovolcano in the Andes on the Argentina - Chile border and the highest volcano in the world at 6,891 metres ( 22,608 ft ) . Ojos_del_Salado is also the second highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere and the highest in Chile . Ojos_del_Salado is located about north of Aconcagua , the highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere at 6962 m. eos
is also the second highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere and the highest in Chile . Ojos_del_Salado is located about north of Aconcagua , the highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere at 6962 m. Due to Ojos_del_Salado location near the Atacama desert , Ojos_del_Salado has very dry conditions with snow only remaining on the peak during winter . eos
is located about north of Aconcagua , the highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere at 6962 m. Due to Ojos_del_Salado location near the Atacama desert , Ojos_del_Salado has very dry conditions with snow only remaining on the peak during winter . Despite the generally dry conditions , there is a permanent crater lake about 100 metres ( 300 ft ) in diameter at an elevation of 6390 m on the eastern side of Ojos_del_Salado . eos
location near the Atacama desert , Ojos_del_Salado has very dry conditions with snow only remaining on the peak during winter . Despite the generally dry conditions , there is a permanent crater lake about 100 metres ( 300 ft ) in diameter at an elevation of 6390 m on the eastern side of Ojos_del_Salado . This is most likely the highest lake of any kind in the world . eos
has very dry conditions with snow only remaining on the peak during winter . Despite the generally dry conditions , there is a permanent crater lake about 100 metres ( 300 ft ) in diameter at an elevation of 6390 m on the eastern side of Ojos_del_Salado . This is most likely the highest lake of any kind in the world . eos
. This is most likely the highest lake of any kind in the world . The ascent of Ojos_del_Salado is mostly a hike except for the final section to the summit which is a difficult scramble that may require ropes . eos
is mostly a hike except for the final section to the summit which is a difficult scramble that may require ropes . The first ascent was made in 1937 by Jan Alfred Szczepański and Justyn Wojsznis , members of a Polish andinist expedition . eos
( l'Olan in French ) ( 3,564 m ) is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins in the French Alps . Olan_mountain dominates the valleys of Valgaudemar , Valjouffrey , and Vénéon in the heart of Écrins National Park . eos
dominates the valleys of Valgaudemar , Valjouffrey , and Vénéon in the heart of Écrins National Park . eos
( Italian : Cima Ortles ; German : Ortler ) is , at 3905 m above sea level , the highest mountain in the Eastern Alps outside the Bernina Range . eos
is the main peak of the Ortler Range . Ortler is the highest point of the Southern Limestone Alps , of the Italian region of Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , of Tyrol overall , and , until 1919 , of the Austrian - Hungarian empire . In German Ortler is commonly referred to as ` ` König Ortler '' ( King Ortler ) . eos
is the highest point of the Southern Limestone Alps , of the Italian region of Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , of Tyrol overall , and , until 1919 , of the Austrian - Hungarian empire . In German Ortler is commonly referred to as ` ` König Ortler '' ( King Ortler ) . Ortler is capped by a glacier on the northwest flank and Ortler has a long north ridge that ends at the village of Gomagoi and separates the valleys of Trafoi and Sulden . eos
is commonly referred to as ` ` König Ortler '' ( King Ortler ) . Ortler is capped by a glacier on the northwest flank and Ortler has a long north ridge that ends at the village of Gomagoi and separates the valleys of Trafoi and Sulden . The South ridge leads to the Hochjoch ( 3527 m ) on the main ridge of the Ortler Alps that forms the border of Sondrio and South Tyrol . eos
is capped by a glacier on the northwest flank and Ortler has a long north ridge that ends at the village of Gomagoi and separates the valleys of Trafoi and Sulden . The South ridge leads to the Hochjoch ( 3527 m ) on the main ridge of the Ortler Alps that forms the border of Sondrio and South Tyrol . Going west on this main ridge are the Thurwieser Spitze ( 3652 ) and Trafoier Wall ( 3565 m ) , while to the Southeast are the Monte Zebrù ( 3740 m ) and the majestic Königspitze / Gran Zebrù ( 3859 m ) . eos
has a long north ridge that ends at the village of Gomagoi and separates the valleys of Trafoi and Sulden . The South ridge leads to the Hochjoch ( 3527 m ) on the main ridge of the Ortler Alps that forms the border of Sondrio and South Tyrol . Going west on this main ridge are the Thurwieser Spitze ( 3652 ) and Trafoier Wall ( 3565 m ) , while to the Southeast are the Monte Zebrù ( 3740 m ) and the majestic Königspitze / Gran Zebrù ( 3859 m ) . eos
is known as ` ` das Dreigestirn '' ( the three heavenly bodies ) . eos
( or Volcán de Parícutin , commonly also accented Paricutín or spelled unaccented as Paricutin ) is a volcano in the Mexican state of Michoacán , close to a lava - covered village of the same name . Paricutin appears on many versions of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World . Paricutin began as a fissure in a cornfield owned by Tarascan farmer Dionisio Pulido on february 20 , 1943 . eos
appears on many versions of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World . Paricutin began as a fissure in a cornfield owned by Tarascan farmer Dionisio Pulido on february 20 , 1943 . Pulido , his wife , and son , all witnessed the initial eruption of ash and stones first - hand as they plowed the field . eos
began as a fissure in a cornfield owned by Tarascan farmer Dionisio Pulido on february 20 , 1943 . Pulido , his wife , and son , all witnessed the initial eruption of ash and stones first - hand as they plowed the field . Much of Paricutin growth occurred during Paricutin first year , while Paricutin was still in the explosive pyroclastic phase . eos
growth occurred during Paricutin first year , while Paricutin was still in the explosive pyroclastic phase . Nearby villages Paricutín ( after which Paricutin was named ) and San Juan Parangaricutiro were both buried in lava and ash ; the residents relocated to vacant land nearby . eos
first year , while Paricutin was still in the explosive pyroclastic phase . Nearby villages Paricutín ( after which Paricutin was named ) and San Juan Parangaricutiro were both buried in lava and ash ; the residents relocated to vacant land nearby . eos
was still in the explosive pyroclastic phase . Nearby villages Paricutín ( after which Paricutin was named ) and San Juan Parangaricutiro were both buried in lava and ash ; the residents relocated to vacant land nearby . eos
was named ) and San Juan Parangaricutiro were both buried in lava and ash ; the residents relocated to vacant land nearby . At the end of this phase after roughly one year Paricutin had grown 336 metres tall . eos
had grown 336 metres tall . For the next eight years Paricutin would continue erupting , although this was dominated by relatively quiet eruptions of lava that would scorch the surrounding 25 km ² of land . Paricutin activity would slowly decline during this period until the last six months of the eruption , during which violent and explosive activity was frequent . eos
would continue erupting , although this was dominated by relatively quiet eruptions of lava that would scorch the surrounding 25 km ² of land . Paricutin activity would slowly decline during this period until the last six months of the eruption , during which violent and explosive activity was frequent . In 1952 the eruption ended and Paricutin went quiet , attaining a final height of 424 metres above the cornfield from which Paricutin was born . eos
activity would slowly decline during this period until the last six months of the eruption , during which violent and explosive activity was frequent . In 1952 the eruption ended and Paricutin went quiet , attaining a final height of 424 metres above the cornfield from which Paricutin was born . Paricutin has been quiet since . eos
went quiet , attaining a final height of 424 metres above the cornfield from which Paricutin was born . Paricutin has been quiet since . Like most cinder cones , Paricutin is a monogenetic volcano , which means that Paricutin will never erupt again . eos
was born . Paricutin has been quiet since . Like most cinder cones , Paricutin is a monogenetic volcano , which means that Paricutin will never erupt again . eos
has been quiet since . Like most cinder cones , Paricutin is a monogenetic volcano , which means that Paricutin will never erupt again . Volcanism is a common part of the Mexican landscape . eos
is a monogenetic volcano , which means that Paricutin will never erupt again . Volcanism is a common part of the Mexican landscape . Paricutin is merely the youngest of more than 1,400 volcanic vents that exist in the Trans - Mexican Volcanic Belt and North America . eos
will never erupt again . Volcanism is a common part of the Mexican landscape . Paricutin is merely the youngest of more than 1,400 volcanic vents that exist in the Trans - Mexican Volcanic Belt and North America . eos
is merely the youngest of more than 1,400 volcanic vents that exist in the Trans - Mexican Volcanic Belt and North America . Paricutin is unique in the fact that Paricutin formation was witnessed from Paricutin very conception . Three people died as a result of lightning strikes caused by the eruptions , but no deaths were attributed to the lava or asphyxiation . eos
is unique in the fact that Paricutin formation was witnessed from Paricutin very conception . Three people died as a result of lightning strikes caused by the eruptions , but no deaths were attributed to the lava or asphyxiation . Shots of Paricutin during Paricutin active phase were included in 20th Century Fox 's film Captain from Castile , released in 1947 . eos
formation was witnessed from Paricutin very conception . Three people died as a result of lightning strikes caused by the eruptions , but no deaths were attributed to the lava or asphyxiation . Shots of Paricutin during Paricutin active phase were included in 20th Century Fox 's film Captain from Castile , released in 1947 . eos
very conception . Three people died as a result of lightning strikes caused by the eruptions , but no deaths were attributed to the lava or asphyxiation . Shots of Paricutin during Paricutin active phase were included in 20th Century Fox 's film Captain from Castile , released in 1947 . eos
during Paricutin active phase were included in 20th Century Fox 's film Captain from Castile , released in 1947 . eos
active phase were included in 20th Century Fox 's film Captain from Castile , released in 1947 . eos
is a massive stratovolcano on the border of Chile and Bolivia . Parinacota_Volcano is part of the Nevados de Payachata group of volcanoes . The other major edifice in that group is the Pleistocene peak of Pomerape . eos
is part of the Nevados de Payachata group of volcanoes . The other major edifice in that group is the Pleistocene peak of Pomerape . Parinacota_Volcano last eruptive phase has been dated using the helium surface exposure technique , which ties the eruption to 290AD ± 300 years . eos
last eruptive phase has been dated using the helium surface exposure technique , which ties the eruption to 290AD ± 300 years . One of the most dramatic eruptive events in Parinacota_Volcano past was 8000 years ago , when a major collapse of the edifice produced 6 km ³ debris avalanche . That avalanche blocked drainage patterns in some of the local area , creating Chungará Lake . eos
past was 8000 years ago , when a major collapse of the edifice produced 6 km ³ debris avalanche . That avalanche blocked drainage patterns in some of the local area , creating Chungará Lake . Parinacota_Volcano and Pomerape straddle the border between Sajama National Park ( Bolivia ) and Lauca National Park ( Chile ) . eos
and Pomerape straddle the border between Sajama National Park ( Bolivia ) and Lauca National Park ( Chile ) . eos
is the third highest peak in the Pamir Mountains of Tajikistan . Peak_Korzhenevskaya is one of the five ` ` Snow Leopard Peaks '' in the territory of the former Soviet Union . Peak_Korzhenevskaya is named after Evgenia Korzhenevskaya , the wife of Russian geographer Nikolai L Korzhenevski . eos
is one of the five ` ` Snow Leopard Peaks '' in the territory of the former Soviet Union . Peak_Korzhenevskaya is named after Evgenia Korzhenevskaya , the wife of Russian geographer Nikolai L Korzhenevski . Due to transliteration and declension issues Peak_Korzhenevskaya name is rendered in many different ways , including Korzhenevski , Korzhenevskoi , and Korzenievsky . eos
is named after Evgenia Korzhenevskaya , the wife of Russian geographer Nikolai L Korzhenevski . Due to transliteration and declension issues Peak_Korzhenevskaya name is rendered in many different ways , including Korzhenevski , Korzhenevskoi , and Korzenievsky . eos
name is rendered in many different ways , including Korzhenevski , Korzhenevskoi , and Korzenievsky . eos
( in English : Bernal 's Boulder or Bernal Peak ) is the second - largest monolith in the world , after Mt. Augustus , Western Australia . Pena_de_Bernal is also the third - highest monolith in the world ( 350 meters ( 1148.294 ft ) , after the Rock of Gibraltar and Sugarloaf Mountain in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . Pena_de_Bernal is located in San Sebastián Bernal , a small town in the Mexican state of Querétaro . eos
is also the third - highest monolith in the world ( 350 meters ( 1148.294 ft ) , after the Rock of Gibraltar and Sugarloaf Mountain in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . Pena_de_Bernal is located in San Sebastián Bernal , a small town in the Mexican state of Querétaro . According to Leonor Lopez Dominguez of Mexico Desconocido , Pena_de_Bernal was formed some 100 million years ago during the Jurassic period , when Pena_de_Bernal must have been at least three times higher than today . eos
is located in San Sebastián Bernal , a small town in the Mexican state of Querétaro . According to Leonor Lopez Dominguez of Mexico Desconocido , Pena_de_Bernal was formed some 100 million years ago during the Jurassic period , when Pena_de_Bernal must have been at least three times higher than today . Many people make a pilgrimage to the highest point hikeable , visiting a little chapel about halfway up . eos
was formed some 100 million years ago during the Jurassic period , when Pena_de_Bernal must have been at least three times higher than today . Many people make a pilgrimage to the highest point hikeable , visiting a little chapel about halfway up . On the Spring equinox , people gather all dressed in white to form a human belt around Pena_de_Bernal . eos
must have been at least three times higher than today . Many people make a pilgrimage to the highest point hikeable , visiting a little chapel about halfway up . On the Spring equinox , people gather all dressed in white to form a human belt around Pena_de_Bernal . eos
. eos
is the highest mountain peak in the mountain range of Guadarrama , a subsection of Spain 's larger Sistema Central mountain chain which lies at the center and divides the Iberian Peninsula . Straddling the provinces of Madrid and Segovia , Penalara reaches a height of 2,428 metres above sea level . Consequently , Penalara is one of the most emblematic and important peaks of the Guadarramas . eos
reaches a height of 2,428 metres above sea level . Consequently , Penalara is one of the most emblematic and important peaks of the Guadarramas . The eastern section of Penalara lies in the municipality of Rascafría in the province of Madrid , belonging to the Vale of Lozoya , and Penalara western section is located in the Vale of Valsaín in the province of Segovia . eos
is one of the most emblematic and important peaks of the Guadarramas . The eastern section of Penalara lies in the municipality of Rascafría in the province of Madrid , belonging to the Vale of Lozoya , and Penalara western section is located in the Vale of Valsaín in the province of Segovia . Penalara summit is a designated nature reserve known as the Parque Natural de Peñalara , which features several small lakes , a small glacier and some steep escarpments . eos
lies in the municipality of Rascafría in the province of Madrid , belonging to the Vale of Lozoya , and Penalara western section is located in the Vale of Valsaín in the province of Segovia . Penalara summit is a designated nature reserve known as the Parque Natural de Peñalara , which features several small lakes , a small glacier and some steep escarpments . The outline of Penalara is rounded , displaying few underhangs . eos
western section is located in the Vale of Valsaín in the province of Segovia . Penalara summit is a designated nature reserve known as the Parque Natural de Peñalara , which features several small lakes , a small glacier and some steep escarpments . The outline of Penalara is rounded , displaying few underhangs . eos
summit is a designated nature reserve known as the Parque Natural de Peñalara , which features several small lakes , a small glacier and some steep escarpments . The outline of Penalara is rounded , displaying few underhangs . The hillsides of Penalara are covered with different types of vegetation , depending on the elevation . eos
is rounded , displaying few underhangs . The hillsides of Penalara are covered with different types of vegetation , depending on the elevation . Largely undisturbed oak tree groves are found at an elevation of 1,000 to 1,300 metres . eos
are covered with different types of vegetation , depending on the elevation . Largely undisturbed oak tree groves are found at an elevation of 1,000 to 1,300 metres . From 1,100 metres to 2,000 metres , the slopes are dominated by wild pine forests . eos
is made up of small mammals , a large variety of insects and various bird species such as eagles and vultures . eos
is a mountain in Hispar Valley in the Gilgit District of Northern Areas of Pakistan . Phuparash_Peak lies in the east of the Miar Peak ( 6,824 m ) . eos
lies in the east of the Miar Peak ( 6,824 m ) . eos
is a mountain in the Pyrenees on the border of Spain and northwest Andorra . The nearest town is Arinsal , La Massana . eos
is an active volcano in the country of Ecuador , whose capital Quito wraps around Pichincha_Volcano eastern slopes . Pichincha_Volcano two highest peaks are the Guagua ( 15,696 feet/4 , 784 m ) , which means ` ` child '' in Quechua and the Rucu ( 15 , 413 feet/4 , 698 m ) , which means ` ` old person '' . The active caldera is in the Guagua , on the western side of Pichincha_Volcano . eos
eastern slopes . Pichincha_Volcano two highest peaks are the Guagua ( 15,696 feet/4 , 784 m ) , which means ` ` child '' in Quechua and the Rucu ( 15 , 413 feet/4 , 698 m ) , which means ` ` old person '' . The active caldera is in the Guagua , on the western side of Pichincha_Volcano . eos
two highest peaks are the Guagua ( 15,696 feet/4 , 784 m ) , which means ` ` child '' in Quechua and the Rucu ( 15 , 413 feet/4 , 698 m ) , which means ` ` old person '' . The active caldera is in the Guagua , on the western side of Pichincha_Volcano . Both peaks are visible from the city of Quito and are easily climbed . eos
. Both peaks are visible from the city of Quito and are easily climbed . Guagua is usually accessed from the village Lloa outside of Quito . eos
erupted and Pichincha_Volcano covered the city with several inches of ash . Prior to that , the last major eruption was in 1660 , when about a foot of ash fell on the city . The province in which Pichincha_Volcano is located takes its name from Pichincha_Volcano , as is the case for many of the other provinces in Ecuador ( Cotopaxi , Chimborazo , Imbabura , etc ) . eos
covered the city with several inches of ash . Prior to that , the last major eruption was in 1660 , when about a foot of ash fell on the city . The province in which Pichincha_Volcano is located takes its name from Pichincha_Volcano , as is the case for many of the other provinces in Ecuador ( Cotopaxi , Chimborazo , Imbabura , etc ) . eos
is located takes its name from Pichincha_Volcano , as is the case for many of the other provinces in Ecuador ( Cotopaxi , Chimborazo , Imbabura , etc ) . On May 24 , 1822 , in the context of the war of independence of Latin American , Patriot forces defeated a Spanish colonial army on the slopes of Pichincha_Volcano . The encounter , known as the Battle of Pichincha , sealed the independence of the lands that constitute modern Ecuador . eos
, as is the case for many of the other provinces in Ecuador ( Cotopaxi , Chimborazo , Imbabura , etc ) . On May 24 , 1822 , in the context of the war of independence of Latin American , Patriot forces defeated a Spanish colonial army on the slopes of Pichincha_Volcano . The encounter , known as the Battle of Pichincha , sealed the independence of the lands that constitute modern Ecuador . eos
. The encounter , known as the Battle of Pichincha , sealed the independence of the lands that constitute modern Ecuador . eos
is the highest mountain in central Spain . Situated in the Sierra de Gredos in the province of Ávila , Pico_Almanzor is 2592 m high . Pico_Almanzor is made of granite . eos
is 2592 m high . Pico_Almanzor is made of granite . Pico_Almanzor is also known as Pico de Almanzor and Moro Almanzor . eos
is made of granite . Pico_Almanzor is also known as Pico de Almanzor and Moro Almanzor . eos
is also known as Pico de Almanzor and Moro Almanzor . eos
( formerly Pico de Santa Isabel ) is the highest mountain on the island of Bioko , which is part of Equatorial Guinea . With an altitude of 9,878 ft ( 3,011 m ) , Pico_Basili is the summit of the largest and highest of three overlapping basaltic shield volcanoes which form the island . From the summit , Mt. Cameroon can be seen to the northwest . eos
is the summit of the largest and highest of three overlapping basaltic shield volcanoes which form the island . From the summit , Mt. Cameroon can be seen to the northwest . Pico_Basili lies close to the city of Malabo . eos
lies close to the city of Malabo . Bioko was formed along the Cameroon line , a major northeast - trending geologic fault that runs from the Atlantic Ocean into Cameroon . This line includes other volcanic islands in the Gulf of Guinea such as Annobón , Príncipe and São Tomé , along with the massive stratovolcano of Mount Cameroon . eos
is the highest mountain in Venezuela , at 4,981 meters . Located in Mérida State , Pico_Bolivar top is permanently covered with Névé snow and three small glaciers . Pico_Bolivar can be reached by means of the Mérida Cable Car , the highest cable car in the world , which departs from the homonymous city . eos
top is permanently covered with Névé snow and three small glaciers . Pico_Bolivar can be reached by means of the Mérida Cable Car , the highest cable car in the world , which departs from the homonymous city . Pico_Bolivar is named after the Venezuelan independence hero Simon Bolívar . eos
can be reached by means of the Mérida Cable Car , the highest cable car in the world , which departs from the homonymous city . Pico_Bolivar is named after the Venezuelan independence hero Simon Bolívar . Pico_Bolivar is located on the mountain previously called La Columna , next to El León ( 4,743 m ) and El Toro ( 4,695 m ) . eos
is named after the Venezuelan independence hero Simon Bolívar . Pico_Bolivar is located on the mountain previously called La Columna , next to El León ( 4,743 m ) and El Toro ( 4,695 m ) . The new name was suggested by Miguel Febres Cordero in 1925 . eos
is located on the mountain previously called La Columna , next to El León ( 4,743 m ) and El Toro ( 4,695 m ) . The new name was suggested by Miguel Febres Cordero in 1925 . Pico_Bolivar was officially renamed on december 30th , 1934 . eos
was officially renamed on december 30th , 1934 . eos
is the highest mountain in Colombia and the fifth most prominent ( see list of peaks by prominence ) . The nearest peak that is higher is Cayambe , some 1288 km away . There is a permanent snowcap on Pico_Cristobal_Colon and on the nearby mountains . eos
and on the nearby mountains . Pico_Cristobal_Colon is part of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta range , along with Pico Simón Bolívar . It is possible that nearby Pico Simón Bolívar is higher than Pico_Cristobal_Colon , if so then Pico Simón Bolívar is the true highest mountain in Colombia and fifth most prominent . eos
is part of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta range , along with Pico Simón Bolívar . It is possible that nearby Pico Simón Bolívar is higher than Pico_Cristobal_Colon , if so then Pico Simón Bolívar is the true highest mountain in Colombia and fifth most prominent . eos
, if so then Pico Simón Bolívar is the true highest mountain in Colombia and fifth most prominent . eos
is Venezuela 's second highest peak , at 4,940 meters above the sea level . Pico_Humboldt is located in the Sierra Nevada Range , Venezuelan Andes ( Mérida State ) . Pico_Humboldt and Pico_Humboldt surrounding páramos are protected by the Sierra Nevada National Park . eos
is located in the Sierra Nevada Range , Venezuelan Andes ( Mérida State ) . Pico_Humboldt and Pico_Humboldt surrounding páramos are protected by the Sierra Nevada National Park . Pico_Humboldt summit is surrounded by the two largest glaciers out of the five remaining in the country ( the other three are in Pico Bolívar ) . eos
and Pico_Humboldt surrounding páramos are protected by the Sierra Nevada National Park . Pico_Humboldt summit is surrounded by the two largest glaciers out of the five remaining in the country ( the other three are in Pico Bolívar ) . The glaciers on Pico_Humboldt ( as most glaciers in the tropics ) have been receding fast since the 1970s and they are forecasted to melt completely in a couple of decades . eos
surrounding páramos are protected by the Sierra Nevada National Park . Pico_Humboldt summit is surrounded by the two largest glaciers out of the five remaining in the country ( the other three are in Pico Bolívar ) . The glaciers on Pico_Humboldt ( as most glaciers in the tropics ) have been receding fast since the 1970s and they are forecasted to melt completely in a couple of decades . eos
summit is surrounded by the two largest glaciers out of the five remaining in the country ( the other three are in Pico Bolívar ) . The glaciers on Pico_Humboldt ( as most glaciers in the tropics ) have been receding fast since the 1970s and they are forecasted to melt completely in a couple of decades . eos
( as most glaciers in the tropics ) have been receding fast since the 1970s and they are forecasted to melt completely in a couple of decades . eos
, at 4680 Meters above sea level , is the ninth highest mountain of Venezuela , and the third highest of the Sierra de la Culata range in the Mérida State , Pico_Pan_de_Azucar name which translates as ` ` Bread of Sugar '' is due to the sandy slopes of Pico_Pan_de_Azucar , which resembles ` ` Pan dulce '' , a kind of bread sprinkled with sugar eaten in the country . From Pico_Pan_de_Azucar summit a great escenic view can be seen , including Lake Maracaibo , Sierra Nevada de Mérida and surrounding mountains of the Sierra de la Culata . eos
name which translates as ` ` Bread of Sugar '' is due to the sandy slopes of Pico_Pan_de_Azucar , which resembles ` ` Pan dulce '' , a kind of bread sprinkled with sugar eaten in the country . From Pico_Pan_de_Azucar summit a great escenic view can be seen , including Lake Maracaibo , Sierra Nevada de Mérida and surrounding mountains of the Sierra de la Culata . eos
, which resembles ` ` Pan dulce '' , a kind of bread sprinkled with sugar eaten in the country . From Pico_Pan_de_Azucar summit a great escenic view can be seen , including Lake Maracaibo , Sierra Nevada de Mérida and surrounding mountains of the Sierra de la Culata . eos
summit a great escenic view can be seen , including Lake Maracaibo , Sierra Nevada de Mérida and surrounding mountains of the Sierra de la Culata . eos
is the highest point in Cuba . Pico_Turquino is located in the southeast part of the island , in the Sierra Maestra mountain range in Santiago de Cuba Province . During the late 1950s , Fidel Castro and members of his 26th of july Movement used the area as a base during the Cuban Revolution . eos
is located in the southeast part of the island , in the Sierra Maestra mountain range in Santiago de Cuba Province . During the late 1950s , Fidel Castro and members of his 26th of july Movement used the area as a base during the Cuban Revolution . The name is believe to be a corruption of turqoise eos
was first mentioned ( under the name ` ` Tarquino '' ) on a map drawn by Gerardo Kramer in the late 1700s . A bust of José Martí , sculpted by Jilma Madera , was placed on Pico_Turquino to celebrate his centenary . Turquino National Park is established on a area around Pico_Turquino . eos
to celebrate his centenary . Turquino National Park is established on a area around Pico_Turquino . eos
. eos
is the highest mountain in Brazil , 2,994 metres ( 9,822 feet ) above sea level , at the Imeri mountain range ( Serra do Imeri ) , which borders on Venezuela . As determined by a border survey expedition in 1962 , Pico_da_Neblina summit lies barely within Brazilian territory , being a mere 687 metres ( 2,254 feet ) from the Venezuelan border at Pico 31 de Março . The latter is only 21 metres lower , Brazil 's second highest mountain and the highest mountain in Venezuela outside of the Andes . eos
summit lies barely within Brazilian territory , being a mere 687 metres ( 2,254 feet ) from the Venezuelan border at Pico 31 de Março . The latter is only 21 metres lower , Brazil 's second highest mountain and the highest mountain in Venezuela outside of the Andes . Pico_da_Neblina is often misquoted as being on the border between the two countries , and when one considers Pico_da_Neblina massif as a whole ( not just the main summit ) , this is really true . eos
is often misquoted as being on the border between the two countries , and when one considers Pico_da_Neblina massif as a whole ( not just the main summit ) , this is really true . Pico_da_Neblina is also the highest point in the Guiana Shield , but unlike famous Monte Roraima , Pico_da_Neblina is not a tepui , as the typical and unique tabletop mountains of the Guiana Highlands are known . Tepuis are only found far to the northeast of the Imeri range . eos
massif as a whole ( not just the main summit ) , this is really true . Pico_da_Neblina is also the highest point in the Guiana Shield , but unlike famous Monte Roraima , Pico_da_Neblina is not a tepui , as the typical and unique tabletop mountains of the Guiana Highlands are known . Tepuis are only found far to the northeast of the Imeri range . eos
is also the highest point in the Guiana Shield , but unlike famous Monte Roraima , Pico_da_Neblina is not a tepui , as the typical and unique tabletop mountains of the Guiana Highlands are known . Tepuis are only found far to the northeast of the Imeri range . Furthermore , Pico_da_Neblina is not table - shaped , but a rather sharp peak . eos
is not a tepui , as the typical and unique tabletop mountains of the Guiana Highlands are known . Tepuis are only found far to the northeast of the Imeri range . Furthermore , Pico_da_Neblina is not table - shaped , but a rather sharp peak . eos
is not table - shaped , but a rather sharp peak . The word neblina means ` ` fog '' in both Portuguese and Spanish ; so , Pico_da_Neblina name ( meaning ` ` Peak of the Mists '' ) reflects the fact that Pico_da_Neblina is shrouded in dense clouds most of the time . Pico_da_Neblina was first ascended in 1965 by members of a Brazilian army expedition . eos
name ( meaning ` ` Peak of the Mists '' ) reflects the fact that Pico_da_Neblina is shrouded in dense clouds most of the time . Pico_da_Neblina was first ascended in 1965 by members of a Brazilian army expedition . Pico_da_Neblina is contained in the Brazilian Pico da Neblina National Park ; Pico_da_Neblina northern slopes are also protected in Venezuela 's Serranía de la Neblina National Park . eos
is shrouded in dense clouds most of the time . Pico_da_Neblina was first ascended in 1965 by members of a Brazilian army expedition . Pico_da_Neblina is contained in the Brazilian Pico da Neblina National Park ; Pico_da_Neblina northern slopes are also protected in Venezuela 's Serranía de la Neblina National Park . eos
was first ascended in 1965 by members of a Brazilian army expedition . Pico_da_Neblina is contained in the Brazilian Pico da Neblina National Park ; Pico_da_Neblina northern slopes are also protected in Venezuela 's Serranía de la Neblina National Park . The twin parks , together with the neighbouring Parima - Tapirapecó National Park ( Venezuela ) , form a protected area complex of about 80,000 km ² , possibly the largest national park system in tropical rainforests in the world . eos
is contained in the Brazilian Pico da Neblina National Park ; Pico_da_Neblina northern slopes are also protected in Venezuela 's Serranía de la Neblina National Park . The twin parks , together with the neighbouring Parima - Tapirapecó National Park ( Venezuela ) , form a protected area complex of about 80,000 km ² , possibly the largest national park system in tropical rainforests in the world . eos
northern slopes are also protected in Venezuela 's Serranía de la Neblina National Park . The twin parks , together with the neighbouring Parima - Tapirapecó National Park ( Venezuela ) , form a protected area complex of about 80,000 km ² , possibly the largest national park system in tropical rainforests in the world . eos
, or Citlaltépetl ( from Nahuatl citlal ( in ) = star , and tepētl = mountain ) , is the highest mountain in Mexico and the third highest in North America . Pico_de_Orizaba rises 5,636 meters ( 18,490 feet ) above sea level in the eastern end of the Eje Volcánico Transversal mountain range , on the border between the states of Veracruz and Puebla . Pico_de_Orizaba is currently dormant but not extinct ; the last eruptions occurred in 1687 , with previous eruptions in 1630 , 1613 , 1569 , 1566 , 1545 - 65 ? and 1537 . eos
rises 5,636 meters ( 18,490 feet ) above sea level in the eastern end of the Eje Volcánico Transversal mountain range , on the border between the states of Veracruz and Puebla . Pico_de_Orizaba is currently dormant but not extinct ; the last eruptions occurred in 1687 , with previous eruptions in 1630 , 1613 , 1569 , 1566 , 1545 - 65 ? and 1537 . eos
is currently dormant but not extinct ; the last eruptions occurred in 1687 , with previous eruptions in 1630 , 1613 , 1569 , 1566 , 1545 - 65 ? and 1537 . eos
is a peak of the mountain range called Ajusco , located at the southern outskirts of Mexico City , specifically at the coordinates N19 12 46.8 W99 15 25.2 - 12776 ft ( 3894 m ) . Pico_del_Aguila is a popular Sunday hike , and Pico_del_Aguila can be climbed in about two hours . On a rare clear smogless night one can see virtually all of Mexico City illuminated at your feet from the summit . eos
is a popular Sunday hike , and Pico_del_Aguila can be climbed in about two hours . On a rare clear smogless night one can see virtually all of Mexico City illuminated at your feet from the summit . eos
can be climbed in about two hours . On a rare clear smogless night one can see virtually all of Mexico City illuminated at your feet from the summit . eos
( , literally ` ` straw plateau rock '' , also known as Mount Pedro ) is a mountain in the central hill - country of Sri Lanka , close to the city of Nuwara Eliya . At a height of 2.534 metres ( 8,281 feet ) , Pidurutalagala is the highest mountain in Sri Lanka . Pidurutalagala is a military area which is closed to the public . eos
is the highest mountain in Sri Lanka . Pidurutalagala is a military area which is closed to the public . eos
is a military area which is closed to the public . eos
is a high peak of the Needle Mountains , a subrange of the San Juan Mountains in the southwestern part of the US State of Colorado . Pigeon_Peak rises dramatically on the east side of the Animas River , 1.5 mi ( 2.4 km ) west of the fourteener Mount Eolus . Pigeon_Peak is located in the Weminuche Wilderness , part of the San Juan National Forest . eos
rises dramatically on the east side of the Animas River , 1.5 mi ( 2.4 km ) west of the fourteener Mount Eolus . Pigeon_Peak is located in the Weminuche Wilderness , part of the San Juan National Forest . Pigeon_Peak is notable both for Pigeon_Peak absolute height and for Pigeon_Peak local relief in particular . eos
is located in the Weminuche Wilderness , part of the San Juan National Forest . Pigeon_Peak is notable both for Pigeon_Peak absolute height and for Pigeon_Peak local relief in particular . Pigeon_Peak is the 57th highest independent peak in Colorado , narrowly missing the well - known list of fourteeners . eos
is notable both for Pigeon_Peak absolute height and for Pigeon_Peak local relief in particular . Pigeon_Peak is the 57th highest independent peak in Colorado , narrowly missing the well - known list of fourteeners . In terms of local relief , Pigeon_Peak is one of the most impressive peaks in Colorado . eos
absolute height and for Pigeon_Peak local relief in particular . Pigeon_Peak is the 57th highest independent peak in Colorado , narrowly missing the well - known list of fourteeners . In terms of local relief , Pigeon_Peak is one of the most impressive peaks in Colorado . eos
local relief in particular . Pigeon_Peak is the 57th highest independent peak in Colorado , narrowly missing the well - known list of fourteeners . In terms of local relief , Pigeon_Peak is one of the most impressive peaks in Colorado . eos
is the 57th highest independent peak in Colorado , narrowly missing the well - known list of fourteeners . In terms of local relief , Pigeon_Peak is one of the most impressive peaks in Colorado . Pigeon_Peak most dramatic rise is over the Animas River to the west , over which Pigeon_Peak rises 5,750 ft ( 1,750 m ) in under 2.5 mi ( 4 km ) . eos
is one of the most impressive peaks in Colorado . Pigeon_Peak most dramatic rise is over the Animas River to the west , over which Pigeon_Peak rises 5,750 ft ( 1,750 m ) in under 2.5 mi ( 4 km ) . Also , Pigeon_Peak east face is a 1,000 ft ( 305 m ) cliff . eos
rises 5,750 ft ( 1,750 m ) in under 2.5 mi ( 4 km ) . Also , Pigeon_Peak east face is a 1,000 ft ( 305 m ) cliff . eos
most dramatic rise is over the Animas River to the west , over which Pigeon_Peak rises 5,750 ft ( 1,750 m ) in under 2.5 mi ( 4 km ) . Also , Pigeon_Peak east face is a 1,000 ft ( 305 m ) cliff . eos
east face is a 1,000 ft ( 305 m ) cliff . eos
( 3,796 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . The first ascent was made by A W. Moore and Horace Walker with the guide Jakob Anderegg on 9 july 1865 . eos
is a northern peak in the Tian Shan mountain range in Kazakhstan , highest of the Trans - Ili Alatau . Due to Pik_Talgar close proximity to the Kazakh capital of Alma - Ata , Pik_Talgar is a popular mountaineering destination . eos
close proximity to the Kazakh capital of Alma - Ata , Pik_Talgar is a popular mountaineering destination . eos
is a popular mountaineering destination . eos
( originally Pike 's Peak , see below ) is a mountain in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains , west of Colorado Springs , Colorado , in El Paso County . Pikes_Peak is named for Zebulon Pike , an explorer who led an expedition to the southern Colorado area in 1806 . At 14115 ft , Pikes_Peak is one of Colorado 's 54 fourteeners . eos
is named for Zebulon Pike , an explorer who led an expedition to the southern Colorado area in 1806 . At 14115 ft , Pikes_Peak is one of Colorado 's 54 fourteeners . Drivers race up Pikes_Peak in a famous annual race called the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb . eos
is one of Colorado 's 54 fourteeners . Drivers race up Pikes_Peak in a famous annual race called the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb . An upper portion of Pikes_Peak is a federally designated National Historic Landmark . eos
in a famous annual race called the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb . An upper portion of Pikes_Peak is a federally designated National Historic Landmark . eos
is a federally designated National Historic Landmark . eos
is a mountain near Lucerne , Switzerland . Jurisdiction over Pilatus_mountain is divided between the cantons of Obwalden , Nidwalden , and Lucerne . Pilatus_mountain is in Obwalden right on the border with Nidwalden . eos
is divided between the cantons of Obwalden , Nidwalden , and Lucerne . Pilatus_mountain is in Obwalden right on the border with Nidwalden . The top can be reached with the Pilatus Railway , the world 's steepest cogwheel railway from Alpnachstad , operating from May to november ( depending on snow conditions ) , and the whole year with the aerial panorama gondolas and aerial cableways from Kriens . eos
is in Obwalden right on the border with Nidwalden . The top can be reached with the Pilatus Railway , the world 's steepest cogwheel railway from Alpnachstad , operating from May to november ( depending on snow conditions ) , and the whole year with the aerial panorama gondolas and aerial cableways from Kriens . Pilatus_mountain has the longest summer toboggan track in Switzerland ( 0.88 miles or 1.350 km ) and the biggest suspension rope park in Central Switzerland . eos
has the longest summer toboggan track in Switzerland ( 0.88 miles or 1.350 km ) and the biggest suspension rope park in Central Switzerland . During the summer , the ` ` Golden Round Trip '' - a popular route for tourists - involves taking a boat from Lucerne across Lake Lucerne to Alpnachstad , going up on the cogwheel railway , coming down on the aerial cableways and panorama gondolas , and taking a bus back to Lucerne . Pilatus_mountain was named after a local legend which alleges that Pontius Pilate was buried there . eos
was named after a local legend which alleges that Pontius Pilate was buried there . Numbered amongst those who have reached Pilatus_mountain summit are Conrad Gessner , Queen Victoria and Lenin . eos
summit are Conrad Gessner , Queen Victoria and Lenin . eos
is a mountain in the Bow River valley of Banff National Park in Alberta , Canada . Pilot_Mountain_Alberta is located southeast of Redearth Creek and directly west of the Trans - Canada Highway . Pilot_Mountain_Alberta was named in 1884 by George M Dawson , for Pilot_Mountain_Alberta location is where the Bow Valley changes direction , thus affording distant views of Pilot_Mountain_Alberta all along the valley . eos
is located southeast of Redearth Creek and directly west of the Trans - Canada Highway . Pilot_Mountain_Alberta was named in 1884 by George M Dawson , for Pilot_Mountain_Alberta location is where the Bow Valley changes direction , thus affording distant views of Pilot_Mountain_Alberta all along the valley . Pilot_Mountain_Alberta can be scrambled on the northwest face by someone with good routefinding skills . eos
was named in 1884 by George M Dawson , for Pilot_Mountain_Alberta location is where the Bow Valley changes direction , thus affording distant views of Pilot_Mountain_Alberta all along the valley . Pilot_Mountain_Alberta can be scrambled on the northwest face by someone with good routefinding skills . Nearby Mount Brett ( 2984 m ) can be ascended from a ridge off the western slopes of Pilot_Mountain_Alberta . eos
location is where the Bow Valley changes direction , thus affording distant views of Pilot_Mountain_Alberta all along the valley . Pilot_Mountain_Alberta can be scrambled on the northwest face by someone with good routefinding skills . Nearby Mount Brett ( 2984 m ) can be ascended from a ridge off the western slopes of Pilot_Mountain_Alberta . eos
all along the valley . Pilot_Mountain_Alberta can be scrambled on the northwest face by someone with good routefinding skills . Nearby Mount Brett ( 2984 m ) can be ascended from a ridge off the western slopes of Pilot_Mountain_Alberta . eos
can be scrambled on the northwest face by someone with good routefinding skills . Nearby Mount Brett ( 2984 m ) can be ascended from a ridge off the western slopes of Pilot_Mountain_Alberta . eos
. eos
( Snow Peak ) is a massive 3,069 m ( 10,069 ft ) shield volcano on Réunion , one of the volcanic islands in the Mascarene Archipelago in the southwestern Indian Ocean . Piton_des_Neiges was formed by the Réunion hotspot and Piton_des_Neiges emerged from the sea about two million years ago . Now deeply eroded , Piton_des_Neiges has been inactive for 20,000 years and Piton_des_Neiges is surrounded by three massive crater valleys , the Cirques . eos
was formed by the Réunion hotspot and Piton_des_Neiges emerged from the sea about two million years ago . Now deeply eroded , Piton_des_Neiges has been inactive for 20,000 years and Piton_des_Neiges is surrounded by three massive crater valleys , the Cirques . Piton_des_Neiges forms the northwestern two thirds of Réunion , with the very active Piton de la Fournaise comprising the rest . eos
emerged from the sea about two million years ago . Now deeply eroded , Piton_des_Neiges has been inactive for 20,000 years and Piton_des_Neiges is surrounded by three massive crater valleys , the Cirques . Piton_des_Neiges forms the northwestern two thirds of Réunion , with the very active Piton de la Fournaise comprising the rest . eos
has been inactive for 20,000 years and Piton_des_Neiges is surrounded by three massive crater valleys , the Cirques . Piton_des_Neiges forms the northwestern two thirds of Réunion , with the very active Piton de la Fournaise comprising the rest . The volcanic island is considered to be about three million years old ( Pliocene ) ; the other two islands in the archipelago , Mauritius and Rodrigues , are 7.8 million ( Miocene ) and 1 1/2 million ( Pleistocene ) years old , respectively . eos
is surrounded by three massive crater valleys , the Cirques . Piton_des_Neiges forms the northwestern two thirds of Réunion , with the very active Piton de la Fournaise comprising the rest . The volcanic island is considered to be about three million years old ( Pliocene ) ; the other two islands in the archipelago , Mauritius and Rodrigues , are 7.8 million ( Miocene ) and 1 1/2 million ( Pleistocene ) years old , respectively . eos
forms the northwestern two thirds of Réunion , with the very active Piton de la Fournaise comprising the rest . The volcanic island is considered to be about three million years old ( Pliocene ) ; the other two islands in the archipelago , Mauritius and Rodrigues , are 7.8 million ( Miocene ) and 1 1/2 million ( Pleistocene ) years old , respectively . The island possesses a high endemism of flowering plants ( about 225 ) ; this has justified the creation of a biological reserve on the lower slopes of Piton_des_Neiges . eos
. eos
( 3,308 m ) is a mountain in the Bregaglia range in Switzerland and Italy , the border between the two countries running along the summit ridge . Piz_Badile north - east face is considered one of the six great north faces of the Alps . The first ascent of Piz_Badile was by W A. B Coolidge with guides F and H Dévouassoud on 27 july 1867 by the south ridge . eos
north - east face is considered one of the six great north faces of the Alps . The first ascent of Piz_Badile was by W A. B Coolidge with guides F and H Dévouassoud on 27 july 1867 by the south ridge . Piz_Badile had first come to the notice of British alpinists from D W. Freshfield 's writings of the 1860s . eos
was by W A. B Coolidge with guides F and H Dévouassoud on 27 july 1867 by the south ridge . Piz_Badile had first come to the notice of British alpinists from D W. Freshfield 's writings of the 1860s . He gave the name ` the Grey Twins ' to Piz Badile and Piz Cengalo , and made the first ascent of Piz Cengalo in 1866 . eos
had first come to the notice of British alpinists from D W. Freshfield 's writings of the 1860s . He gave the name ` the Grey Twins ' to Piz Badile and Piz Cengalo , and made the first ascent of Piz Cengalo in 1866 . The two classic routes on Piz_Badile are the north ridge and the Cassin Route on the north - east face . eos
are the north ridge and the Cassin Route on the north - east face . The north ridge - the Badilekante - was first prospected solo by the Swiss guide Christian Klucker in 1892 ( Klucker later made the first ascent of Piz_Badile west - south - west ridge with Anton von Rydzewski and M Barbaria on 14 june 1897 ) . eos
west - south - west ridge with Anton von Rydzewski and M Barbaria on 14 june 1897 ) . After several unsuccessful attempts by Italian parties in 1911 , the ridge ( IV , one pitch of V - ) finally fell to Alfred Zürcher with the guide Walter Risch on 4 august 1923 . F l'Orsa and André Roch found a more direct line on the ridge on the second ascent ( 18 july 1926 ) . eos
is one of the highest in the Silvretta mountain range , the highest being the giant pyramid of Piz Linard ( 3,410 m , 11,188 ft ) . Piz_Buin forms the border between Graubünden and Vorarlberg . Piz_Buin is the highest mountain peak in Vorarlberg . eos
forms the border between Graubünden and Vorarlberg . Piz_Buin is the highest mountain peak in Vorarlberg . Piz_Buin original name in the Romansh language of the Swiss canton Graubünden is Piz Buin Grand . eos
is the highest mountain peak in Vorarlberg . Piz_Buin original name in the Romansh language of the Swiss canton Graubünden is Piz Buin Grand . A very similar summit nearby is called Piz Buin Pitschen ; it has the same shape but is slightly lower ( 3,255 m or 10,680 ft ) . eos
original name in the Romansh language of the Swiss canton Graubünden is Piz Buin Grand . A very similar summit nearby is called Piz Buin Pitschen ; it has the same shape but is slightly lower ( 3,255 m or 10,680 ft ) . Piz_Buin can be reached from the Wiesbadener hut in Austria , crossing the Vermunt glacier , climbing up the Wiesbadener ridge and hiking over the Ochsentaler Glacier to the Buin gap . eos
can be reached from the Wiesbadener hut in Austria , crossing the Vermunt glacier , climbing up the Wiesbadener ridge and hiking over the Ochsentaler Glacier to the Buin gap . From the gap there is a zigzag walk to the top , with only a 20 m ( 65 ft ) steep step to surmount before reaching the relatively flat summit space , which has an old wooden cross on the very top . The border between Switzerland and Austria crosses the summit from East to West . eos
is a pyramid - shaped mountain of the Swiss Alps . At 3,410 m Piz_Linard is the highest peak of the Silvretta mountain range . Piz_Linard was first climbed on august 1st , 1835 by the geologist and naturalist Oswald Heer lead by Johann Madutz . eos
is the highest peak of the Silvretta mountain range . Piz_Linard was first climbed on august 1st , 1835 by the geologist and naturalist Oswald Heer lead by Johann Madutz . There is a legend that a man of name ` ` Chounard '' reached the summit in 1572 carrying a large golden cross , however the cross has never been found . eos
was first climbed on august 1st , 1835 by the geologist and naturalist Oswald Heer lead by Johann Madutz . There is a legend that a man of name ` ` Chounard '' reached the summit in 1572 carrying a large golden cross , however the cross has never been found . eos
( 3,751 m ) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland . Piz_Morteratsch is bordered on the east by the Morteratsch Glacier and on the south - west by the Tschierva Glacier . One of the easiest mountains in the range to climb , the normal route follows that taken by the first ascentionists C Brügger and P Gensler with guides Karl Emmermann and Angelo Klaingutti on 11 september 1858 . eos
is bordered on the east by the Morteratsch Glacier and on the south - west by the Tschierva Glacier . One of the easiest mountains in the range to climb , the normal route follows that taken by the first ascentionists C Brügger and P Gensler with guides Karl Emmermann and Angelo Klaingutti on 11 september 1858 . Three of Piz_Morteratsch ridges present greater difficulties and are highly regarded : eos
ridges present greater difficulties and are highly regarded : * South - south - east ridge ( D / D + ) , first ascent P J. H Unna with guides , 1903 * East - north - east ridge ( AD ) , first ascent of complete ridge , Paul Schucan and A Pfister , 10 october , 1908 ( the upper section had been climbed by Max Schintz with guides Alois and Josef Pollinger in august 1892 ) eos
is served by the Boval hut ( 2,495 m , open 15 march - 15 May and 15 june - 15 october ) and the Tschierva hut ( 2,573 m , open end of march - 15 May and 15 june - 15 october ) . eos
( 3,901 m ) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland and Italy . There are three summits on Piz_Palu main ridge , which runs from east to west . The name Palü derives from the Latin palus , meaning a swamp , and Piz_Palu is probably named after the Alpe Palü , a high alpine pasture some 4 km to Piz_Palu east . eos
main ridge , which runs from east to west . The name Palü derives from the Latin palus , meaning a swamp , and Piz_Palu is probably named after the Alpe Palü , a high alpine pasture some 4 km to Piz_Palu east . It is uncertain when Piz_Palu was first climbed , but the first ascent of the central and highest peak was probably by K E. Digby with guide Peter Jenny and a porter in 1866 . eos
is probably named after the Alpe Palü , a high alpine pasture some 4 km to Piz_Palu east . It is uncertain when Piz_Palu was first climbed , but the first ascent of the central and highest peak was probably by K E. Digby with guide Peter Jenny and a porter in 1866 . Piz_Palu was certainly ascended on 28 june 1868 by A W. Moore , Horace Walker and Jakob Anderegg . eos
east . It is uncertain when Piz_Palu was first climbed , but the first ascent of the central and highest peak was probably by K E. Digby with guide Peter Jenny and a porter in 1866 . Piz_Palu was certainly ascended on 28 june 1868 by A W. Moore , Horace Walker and Jakob Anderegg . eos
was first climbed , but the first ascent of the central and highest peak was probably by K E. Digby with guide Peter Jenny and a porter in 1866 . Piz_Palu was certainly ascended on 28 june 1868 by A W. Moore , Horace Walker and Jakob Anderegg . The east peak ( 3,882 m ) was climbed by Oswald Heer , and P and M Flury , with guides Johann Madutz and Gian marchet Colani ( the ` King of the Bernina ' ) on 12 august 1835 . eos
was certainly ascended on 28 june 1868 by A W. Moore , Horace Walker and Jakob Anderegg . The east peak ( 3,882 m ) was climbed by Oswald Heer , and P and M Flury , with guides Johann Madutz and Gian marchet Colani ( the ` King of the Bernina ' ) on 12 august 1835 . All three peaks were first traversed by Wachler , Wallner , George , Hans Gross and Christian Gross on 22 july 1868 . eos
has gained some prominence from the film The White Hell of Pitz Palu ( 1929 ) , co - directed by mountain - film pioneer Arnold Fanck and Georg Wilhelm Pabst , and starring a young Leni Riefenstahl . eos
is the highest peak in the Oberhalbstein Range , located in Graubünden , Switzerland . Piz_Platta is 3392 metres high ( Source : eos
is 3392 metres high ( Source : Landeskarte der Schweiz no . eos
is notable for Piz_Platta similarity in shape to the Matterhorn . eos
similarity in shape to the Matterhorn . eos
( pronounced as peetse rawzech ) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland and Italy . There are two summits on Piz_Roseg main ridge : * the south - east and higher summit ( 3,937 m ) eos
main ridge : * the south - east and higher summit ( 3,937 m ) * the north - west summit , known as the Schneekuppe ( 3,920 m ) . eos
to the Schneekuppe was by F T. Bircham with guides Peter Jenny and Alexander Fleury on 31 august 1863 . The highest point of Piz_Roseg was reached two years later by A W. Moore and Horace Walker with guide Jakob Anderegg on 28 june 1865 . Piz_Roseg is separated from the neighbouring Piz Scerscen by the Porta da Roseg ( 3,522 m ) , also called the Güssfeldtsattel . eos
was reached two years later by A W. Moore and Horace Walker with guide Jakob Anderegg on 28 june 1865 . Piz_Roseg is separated from the neighbouring Piz Scerscen by the Porta da Roseg ( 3,522 m ) , also called the Güssfeldtsattel . The Swiss side of this col - a steep ice slope of up to 70 ° - was first climbed by Paul Güssfeldt , with guides Hans Grass , Peter Jenny and Caspar Capat on 13 september 1872 . eos
is separated from the neighbouring Piz Scerscen by the Porta da Roseg ( 3,522 m ) , also called the Güssfeldtsattel . The Swiss side of this col - a steep ice slope of up to 70 ° - was first climbed by Paul Güssfeldt , with guides Hans Grass , Peter Jenny and Caspar Capat on 13 september 1872 . Grass and Capat had spent the previous day cutting steps up the first two - fifths of the route . eos
was first climbed by Christian Klucker and L Norman - Neruda on 16 july 1890 ; the face - with a notable serac band halfway up - sports a number of difficult routes . Klucker , together with M Barberia , also made the first traverse from the Italian side of the Porta da Roseg on 21 june 1898 . eos
( 3,971 m ) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland and Italy , joining the neighbouring Piz Bernina by its north - east ridge via a 3,895 m pass . Piz_Scerscen name means ` the circular mountain ' ( ` Scerscen ' is pronounced cherchen ) . Piz_Scerscen has a prominent secondary summit called the Schneehaube ( 3,875 m ) . eos
name means ` the circular mountain ' ( ` Scerscen ' is pronounced cherchen ) . Piz_Scerscen has a prominent secondary summit called the Schneehaube ( 3,875 m ) . The first ascent of Piz_Scerscen was by Paul Güssfeldt , Hans Grass and Caspar Capat on 13 september 1877 via the north - west spur , descending the same way . eos
has a prominent secondary summit called the Schneehaube ( 3,875 m ) . The first ascent of Piz_Scerscen was by Paul Güssfeldt , Hans Grass and Caspar Capat on 13 september 1877 via the north - west spur , descending the same way . This is the well - known Eisnase route , involving a 100-metre ice pitch of between 60 - 70 ° , although its precise length and steepness are debated . eos
was by Paul Güssfeldt , Hans Grass and Caspar Capat on 13 september 1877 via the north - west spur , descending the same way . This is the well - known Eisnase route , involving a 100-metre ice pitch of between 60 - 70 ° , although its precise length and steepness are debated . This was the route followed by Walter Risch on the first solo ascent of Piz_Scerscen in 1924 . eos
in 1924 . The first ascent of the north - west face was by Christian Klucker and L Norman - Neruda on 9 july 1890 . eos
( 3,995 m ) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland and Italy , and Piz_Zupo is the second highest peak in the range after Piz Bernina . The first ascent of Piz_Zupo was made by L Enderlin and Serardi , with Badrutt ( a chamois hunter ) on 9 july 1863 . eos
is the second highest peak in the range after Piz Bernina . The first ascent of Piz_Zupo was made by L Enderlin and Serardi , with Badrutt ( a chamois hunter ) on 9 july 1863 . eos
was made by L Enderlin and Serardi , with Badrutt ( a chamois hunter ) on 9 july 1863 . eos
is a 6,614 ft . mountain in the US state of Alaska , located in Chugach State Park . Sitauted in the Chugach Mountains , Polar_Bear_Peak lies at the head of South Fork Eagle River , 5 mi ESE of Eagle Lake , and ESE of Anchorage . Polar_Bear_Peak was named in 1963 by members of the Mountaineering Club of Alaska because a snow patch on Polar_Bear_Peak north face resembles a Polar Bear skin . eos
lies at the head of South Fork Eagle River , 5 mi ESE of Eagle Lake , and ESE of Anchorage . Polar_Bear_Peak was named in 1963 by members of the Mountaineering Club of Alaska because a snow patch on Polar_Bear_Peak north face resembles a Polar Bear skin . eos
was named in 1963 by members of the Mountaineering Club of Alaska because a snow patch on Polar_Bear_Peak north face resembles a Polar Bear skin . eos
north face resembles a Polar Bear skin . eos
( 4,092 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps on the border between Valais , Switzerland and the Aosta Valley in Italy . Pollux_mountain is the lower of a pair of twin peaks ( the other being Castor ) named after the Gemini twins of Roman mythology . Pollux_mountain is separated from Castor by a pass at 3,845 m ( 12,615 ft ) , named the Passo di Verra in Italian and the Zwillingsjoch in German . eos
is the lower of a pair of twin peaks ( the other being Castor ) named after the Gemini twins of Roman mythology . Pollux_mountain is separated from Castor by a pass at 3,845 m ( 12,615 ft ) , named the Passo di Verra in Italian and the Zwillingsjoch in German . Pollux_mountain is known as Monte Polluce in Italian . eos
is separated from Castor by a pass at 3,845 m ( 12,615 ft ) , named the Passo di Verra in Italian and the Zwillingsjoch in German . Pollux_mountain is known as Monte Polluce in Italian . The first ascent was by Jules Jacot from Geneva with guides Josef - Marie Perren and Peter Taugwalder ( father ) on august 1 ( the Swiss national day ) 1864 . eos
is known as Monte Polluce in Italian . The first ascent was by Jules Jacot from Geneva with guides Josef - Marie Perren and Peter Taugwalder ( father ) on august 1 ( the Swiss national day ) 1864 . Their route was via the Schwartztor , a pass first crossed by John Ball and Gabriel Zumtaugwald in 1845 . eos
north ridge , PD + ) , the Capanna Quintino Sella ( 3,585 m ) , and the Cesare Volante e Giorgio Rossi bivouac hut ( 3,850 m ) . The first winter and ski ascent of Pollux_mountain was by Dr Alfred von Martin and Karl Planck on 7 march 1913 . There are also a pair of summits named Pollux and Castor in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming , USA . eos
was by Dr Alfred von Martin and Karl Planck on 7 march 1913 . There are also a pair of summits named Pollux and Castor in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming , USA . Located in the Absaroka Range , Pollux is 3,373 m , 65 m higher than its twin . eos
( commonly referred to as El Popo or Don Goyo ) ( "" IPA : popokaˈtepetɬ "" ) is an active volcano and the second highest peak in Mexico after the Pico de Orizaba ( 5,636 m ) . Popocatipetl comes from the Nahuatl words popōca ` it smokes ' and tepētl ` mountain ' , thus Smoking Mountain . eos
comes from the Nahuatl words popōca ` it smokes ' and tepētl ` mountain ' , thus Smoking Mountain . Popocatipetl is linked to the Iztaccíhuatl volcano to the north by the high saddle known as the Paso de Cortés , and Popocatipetl lies in the eastern half of the Trans - Mexican volcanic belt . Popocatipetl is one of the most active volcanoes in Mexico , having had more than 20 major eruptions since the arrival of the Spanish in 1519 . eos
is linked to the Iztaccíhuatl volcano to the north by the high saddle known as the Paso de Cortés , and Popocatipetl lies in the eastern half of the Trans - Mexican volcanic belt . Popocatipetl is one of the most active volcanoes in Mexico , having had more than 20 major eruptions since the arrival of the Spanish in 1519 . Popocatipetl is currently active . eos
lies in the eastern half of the Trans - Mexican volcanic belt . Popocatipetl is one of the most active volcanoes in Mexico , having had more than 20 major eruptions since the arrival of the Spanish in 1519 . Popocatipetl is currently active . eos
is one of the most active volcanoes in Mexico , having had more than 20 major eruptions since the arrival of the Spanish in 1519 . Popocatipetl is currently active . A major eruption occurred in 1947 to begin this cycle of activity . eos
is currently active . A major eruption occurred in 1947 to begin this cycle of activity . Then , on december 21 , 1994 Popocatipetl spewed gas and ash which was carried as far as 25 km away by prevailing winds . eos
spewed gas and ash which was carried as far as 25 km away by prevailing winds . The activity prompted the evacuation of nearby towns and scientists to begin monitoring for an eruption . In december 2000 , tens of thousands of people were evacuated by the government based on the warnings of scientists . eos
then made Popocatipetl largest display in thousands of years . Popocatipetl is only 70 km to the southeast of Mexico City , from where Popocatipetl can be seen regularly , depending on atmospheric conditions . The residents of Puebla , a mere 40 km east of Popocatipetl , enjoy the views of Popocatipetl almost all year long . eos
largest display in thousands of years . Popocatipetl is only 70 km to the southeast of Mexico City , from where Popocatipetl can be seen regularly , depending on atmospheric conditions . The residents of Puebla , a mere 40 km east of Popocatipetl , enjoy the views of Popocatipetl almost all year long . eos
is only 70 km to the southeast of Mexico City , from where Popocatipetl can be seen regularly , depending on atmospheric conditions . The residents of Puebla , a mere 40 km east of Popocatipetl , enjoy the views of Popocatipetl almost all year long . Popocatipetl is also one of the three tall peaks in Mexico to contain glaciers , with the others being Iztaccíhuatl and Pico de Orizaba . eos
can be seen regularly , depending on atmospheric conditions . The residents of Puebla , a mere 40 km east of Popocatipetl , enjoy the views of Popocatipetl almost all year long . Popocatipetl is also one of the three tall peaks in Mexico to contain glaciers , with the others being Iztaccíhuatl and Pico de Orizaba . eos
, enjoy the views of Popocatipetl almost all year long . Popocatipetl is also one of the three tall peaks in Mexico to contain glaciers , with the others being Iztaccíhuatl and Pico de Orizaba . The first Spanish ascent of Popocatipetl was made by an expedition led by Diego de Ordaz in 1519 . eos
almost all year long . Popocatipetl is also one of the three tall peaks in Mexico to contain glaciers , with the others being Iztaccíhuatl and Pico de Orizaba . The first Spanish ascent of Popocatipetl was made by an expedition led by Diego de Ordaz in 1519 . eos
is also one of the three tall peaks in Mexico to contain glaciers , with the others being Iztaccíhuatl and Pico de Orizaba . The first Spanish ascent of Popocatipetl was made by an expedition led by Diego de Ordaz in 1519 . The early 16th - Century monasteries on the slopes of Popocatipetl are a World Heritage Site . eos
was made by an expedition led by Diego de Ordaz in 1519 . The early 16th - Century monasteries on the slopes of Popocatipetl are a World Heritage Site . eos
are a World Heritage Site . eos
, ( or Pumarikish , Peak 11 ) is a high peak of the Hispar Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range . Pumari_Chhish lies about 4 km east of Khunyang Chhish , in the heart of the Hispar , north of the Hispar Glacier . Pumari_Chhish was first attempted by an Austrian group in 1974 , who failed to climb or bypass the Yazghil Glacier on the north side of Pumari_Chhish . eos
lies about 4 km east of Khunyang Chhish , in the heart of the Hispar , north of the Hispar Glacier . Pumari_Chhish was first attempted by an Austrian group in 1974 , who failed to climb or bypass the Yazghil Glacier on the north side of Pumari_Chhish . In 1979 , a Japanese group from the Hokkaido Alpine Association succeeded in climbing Pumari_Chhish via a long route starting from the Khunyang Glacier , well to the west of Pumari_Chhish . eos
was first attempted by an Austrian group in 1974 , who failed to climb or bypass the Yazghil Glacier on the north side of Pumari_Chhish . In 1979 , a Japanese group from the Hokkaido Alpine Association succeeded in climbing Pumari_Chhish via a long route starting from the Khunyang Glacier , well to the west of Pumari_Chhish . They first had to cross a significant col to access the upper Yazghil Glacier ; they then ascended the north ridge of Pumari_Chhish . eos
. In 1979 , a Japanese group from the Hokkaido Alpine Association succeeded in climbing Pumari_Chhish via a long route starting from the Khunyang Glacier , well to the west of Pumari_Chhish . They first had to cross a significant col to access the upper Yazghil Glacier ; they then ascended the north ridge of Pumari_Chhish . eos
via a long route starting from the Khunyang Glacier , well to the west of Pumari_Chhish . They first had to cross a significant col to access the upper Yazghil Glacier ; they then ascended the north ridge of Pumari_Chhish . According the Index , there have been no other successful ascents of Pumari_Chhish , and only one other attempt , on the south face , in 1999 . eos
. They first had to cross a significant col to access the upper Yazghil Glacier ; they then ascended the north ridge of Pumari_Chhish . According the Index , there have been no other successful ascents of Pumari_Chhish , and only one other attempt , on the south face , in 1999 . eos
. According the Index , there have been no other successful ascents of Pumari_Chhish , and only one other attempt , on the south face , in 1999 . eos
, and only one other attempt , on the south face , in 1999 . eos
( or Pumo Ri ) is a mountain in the Himalaya on the Nepal - Tibet border . Pumori lies just eight kilometres west of Mount Everest . Pumori , which means ` ` Ummarried Daughter '' in the Sherpa dialect , was named by George Mallory . eos
lies just eight kilometres west of Mount Everest . Pumori , which means ` ` Ummarried Daughter '' in the Sherpa dialect , was named by George Mallory . Climbers sometimes refer to Pumori as ` ` Everest 's Daughter '' . eos
, which means ` ` Ummarried Daughter '' in the Sherpa dialect , was named by George Mallory . Climbers sometimes refer to Pumori as ` ` Everest 's Daughter '' . Pumori is a popular climbing peak and the easiest route is graded class 3 , although with avalanche danger . eos
as ` ` Everest 's Daughter '' . Pumori is a popular climbing peak and the easiest route is graded class 3 , although with avalanche danger . Pumori was first climbed in 1962 by Gerhard Lenser of a German - Swiss expedition . eos
is a popular climbing peak and the easiest route is graded class 3 , although with avalanche danger . Pumori was first climbed in 1962 by Gerhard Lenser of a German - Swiss expedition . Two Czechs ( Leopold Sulovsky and Michalec Zeduak ) climbed a new route on the South face in the spring of 1996 ( Joe Simpson , 1997 , Dark Shadows falling ) . eos
was first climbed in 1962 by Gerhard Lenser of a German - Swiss expedition . Two Czechs ( Leopold Sulovsky and Michalec Zeduak ) climbed a new route on the South face in the spring of 1996 ( Joe Simpson , 1997 , Dark Shadows falling ) . An outlier of Pumori is Kala Patthar ( 5,643 m/18 , 513 ' ) , which appears as a big brown bump below the impressive south face of Pumori . eos
is Kala Patthar ( 5,643 m/18 , 513 ' ) , which appears as a big brown bump below the impressive south face of Pumori . Many trekkers going to see Mt. Everest up close will attempt to climb to the top of Kala Patthar . The views from almost anywhere on Kala Patther of Everest , Lhotse and Nuptse are truly spectacular on a sunny day . eos
. Many trekkers going to see Mt. Everest up close will attempt to climb to the top of Kala Patthar . The views from almost anywhere on Kala Patther of Everest , Lhotse and Nuptse are truly spectacular on a sunny day . eos
( pronounced "" ˈpʊntʃak ˈdʒaja "" ) , sometimes called Mount Carstensz or the Carstensz Pyramid , is the highest mountain on the island of New Guinea , on the Australia - New Guinea continent and in Oceania . Puncak_Jaya is the highest point between the Himalayas and the Andes and the highest island peak in the world . Puncak_Jaya is located in what is variously called the Sudirman Range or the Dugunduguoo , in the western central highlands of Papua , the Indonesian western half of the island , and Puncak_Jaya is the highest peak in the country . eos
is the highest point between the Himalayas and the Andes and the highest island peak in the world . Puncak_Jaya is located in what is variously called the Sudirman Range or the Dugunduguoo , in the western central highlands of Papua , the Indonesian western half of the island , and Puncak_Jaya is the highest peak in the country . eos
is located in what is variously called the Sudirman Range or the Dugunduguoo , in the western central highlands of Papua , the Indonesian western half of the island , and Puncak_Jaya is the highest peak in the country . eos
is the highest peak in the country . eos
( often written Puu Oo , and pronounced "" puʔu ʔoːʔoː "" ( roughly ` ` poo - oo oh - oh '' ) ) is a cinder / spatter cone in the eastern rift zone of the Kīlauea volcano of the Hawaiian Islands . Puu_Oo has been erupting continuously since january 3 , 1983 , making Puu_Oo the longest - lived rift - zone eruption of the last two centuries . eos
has been erupting continuously since january 3 , 1983 , making Puu_Oo the longest - lived rift - zone eruption of the last two centuries . From 1983 through 1998 , lava from Puu_Oo covered more than 97 km ² ( 37 square miles ) . Although the name is often translated as ` ` Hill of the Ōō Bird '' from Hawaiian , there is a different explanation of the Hawaiian appellation . eos
the longest - lived rift - zone eruption of the last two centuries . From 1983 through 1998 , lava from Puu_Oo covered more than 97 km ² ( 37 square miles ) . Although the name is often translated as ` ` Hill of the Ōō Bird '' from Hawaiian , there is a different explanation of the Hawaiian appellation . eos
covered more than 97 km ² ( 37 square miles ) . Although the name is often translated as ` ` Hill of the Ōō Bird '' from Hawaiian , there is a different explanation of the Hawaiian appellation . The word Ōō also means digging stick . eos
is a peak in Jasper National Park , Canada named for Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta pyramid - like shape . James Hector named Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta in 1859 due to Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta appearance from the Athabasca River valley on the eastern side of Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta . Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta is a relatively easy scramble on the eastern slopes . eos
pyramid - like shape . James Hector named Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta in 1859 due to Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta appearance from the Athabasca River valley on the eastern side of Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta . Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta is a relatively easy scramble on the eastern slopes . eos
in 1859 due to Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta appearance from the Athabasca River valley on the eastern side of Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta . Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta is a relatively easy scramble on the eastern slopes . These slopes can be reached by following a steep fire road from the parking lot at Pyramid Lake . eos
appearance from the Athabasca River valley on the eastern side of Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta . Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta is a relatively easy scramble on the eastern slopes . These slopes can be reached by following a steep fire road from the parking lot at Pyramid Lake . eos
. Pyramid_Mountain_Alberta is a relatively easy scramble on the eastern slopes . These slopes can be reached by following a steep fire road from the parking lot at Pyramid Lake . eos
is a relatively easy scramble on the eastern slopes . These slopes can be reached by following a steep fire road from the parking lot at Pyramid Lake . eos
is a fourteener in the US state of Colorado , the highest peak in the Tenmile Range ( a northern extension of the Mosquito Range ) . Quandary_Peak is the 12th , 13th , or 14th highest peak in Colorado , depending on how Quandary_Peak is ranked . ( Quandary_Peak has nearly the same elevation as Castle Peak and Mount Evans . ) eos
is the 12th , 13th , or 14th highest peak in Colorado , depending on how Quandary_Peak is ranked . ( Quandary_Peak has nearly the same elevation as Castle Peak and Mount Evans . ) Quandary_Peak lies in Summit County and in the Arapaho National Forest , about 6 mi ( 10 km ) south - southwest of the town of Breckenridge . eos
is ranked . ( Quandary_Peak has nearly the same elevation as Castle Peak and Mount Evans . ) Quandary_Peak lies in Summit County and in the Arapaho National Forest , about 6 mi ( 10 km ) south - southwest of the town of Breckenridge . eos
has nearly the same elevation as Castle Peak and Mount Evans . ) Quandary_Peak lies in Summit County and in the Arapaho National Forest , about 6 mi ( 10 km ) south - southwest of the town of Breckenridge . The standard route up Quandary_Peak is a trail hike ( class 1 ) , starting from a trailhead about 1 mi ( 1.6 km ) north of Hoosier Pass on the east side of Quandary_Peak . eos
lies in Summit County and in the Arapaho National Forest , about 6 mi ( 10 km ) south - southwest of the town of Breckenridge . The standard route up Quandary_Peak is a trail hike ( class 1 ) , starting from a trailhead about 1 mi ( 1.6 km ) north of Hoosier Pass on the east side of Quandary_Peak . Hence Quandary_Peak is a popular fourteener to climb , because of the relatively easy ascent , as well as Quandary_Peak proximity to Denver and Breckenridge . eos
is a trail hike ( class 1 ) , starting from a trailhead about 1 mi ( 1.6 km ) north of Hoosier Pass on the east side of Quandary_Peak . Hence Quandary_Peak is a popular fourteener to climb , because of the relatively easy ascent , as well as Quandary_Peak proximity to Denver and Breckenridge . Quandary_Peak is also popular with backcountry skiers and snowboarders . eos
. Hence Quandary_Peak is a popular fourteener to climb , because of the relatively easy ascent , as well as Quandary_Peak proximity to Denver and Breckenridge . Quandary_Peak is also popular with backcountry skiers and snowboarders . eos
is a popular fourteener to climb , because of the relatively easy ascent , as well as Quandary_Peak proximity to Denver and Breckenridge . Quandary_Peak is also popular with backcountry skiers and snowboarders . The gentle ascent makes for an easy climb from the east , with less danger from avalanche than on many other fourteeners , and the other slopes of Quandary_Peak are steep and appeal to expert backountry skiers . eos
proximity to Denver and Breckenridge . Quandary_Peak is also popular with backcountry skiers and snowboarders . The gentle ascent makes for an easy climb from the east , with less danger from avalanche than on many other fourteeners , and the other slopes of Quandary_Peak are steep and appeal to expert backountry skiers . eos
is also popular with backcountry skiers and snowboarders . The gentle ascent makes for an easy climb from the east , with less danger from avalanche than on many other fourteeners , and the other slopes of Quandary_Peak are steep and appeal to expert backountry skiers . One such steep ski mountaineering route is the Cristo Couloir . eos
are steep and appeal to expert backountry skiers . One such steep ski mountaineering route is the Cristo Couloir . eos
is the highest point in Lebanon , at 3088 metres high . eos
is a mountain in the Karakoram mountain range in Pakistan . Rakaposhi is situated in the Nagar Valley approximately 100 km north of the city of Gilgit . Rakaposhi means ` ` shining wall '' in the local language . eos
is situated in the Nagar Valley approximately 100 km north of the city of Gilgit . Rakaposhi means ` ` shining wall '' in the local language . Rakaposhi is also known as Rakaposhi Peak , Rakapushi and Dumani ( ` ` Mother of Mist '' ) . eos
is also known as Rakaposhi Peak , Rakapushi and Dumani ( ` ` Mother of Mist '' ) . Rakaposhi is ranked 27th highest in the world and 12th highest in Pakistan , but Rakaposhi is more popular for Rakaposhi beauty than Rakaposhi rank might suggest and Rakaposhi is said to be one of the most beautiful mountains in the world . eos
is ranked 27th highest in the world and 12th highest in Pakistan , but Rakaposhi is more popular for Rakaposhi beauty than Rakaposhi rank might suggest and Rakaposhi is said to be one of the most beautiful mountains in the world . Rakaposhi was first climbed in 1958 by Mike Banks and Tom Patey , members of a British - Pakistani expedition , via the Southwest Spur / Ridge route . eos
is more popular for Rakaposhi beauty than Rakaposhi rank might suggest and Rakaposhi is said to be one of the most beautiful mountains in the world . Rakaposhi was first climbed in 1958 by Mike Banks and Tom Patey , members of a British - Pakistani expedition , via the Southwest Spur / Ridge route . eos
beauty than Rakaposhi rank might suggest and Rakaposhi is said to be one of the most beautiful mountains in the world . Rakaposhi was first climbed in 1958 by Mike Banks and Tom Patey , members of a British - Pakistani expedition , via the Southwest Spur / Ridge route . eos
rank might suggest and Rakaposhi is said to be one of the most beautiful mountains in the world . Rakaposhi was first climbed in 1958 by Mike Banks and Tom Patey , members of a British - Pakistani expedition , via the Southwest Spur / Ridge route . eos
is said to be one of the most beautiful mountains in the world . Rakaposhi was first climbed in 1958 by Mike Banks and Tom Patey , members of a British - Pakistani expedition , via the Southwest Spur / Ridge route . Both of them suffered minor frostbite during the ascent . eos
was first climbed in 1958 by Mike Banks and Tom Patey , members of a British - Pakistani expedition , via the Southwest Spur / Ridge route . Both of them suffered minor frostbite during the ascent . Another climber slipped and fell on the descent and died during the night . eos
is a mountain located on Vancouver Island , British Columbia . Rambler_Peak is 23 km E of Gold River and 4 km SE of Mount Colonel Foster . Rambler_Peak is a hydrographic divide located at the headwaters of the Elk River . eos
is 23 km E of Gold River and 4 km SE of Mount Colonel Foster . Rambler_Peak is a hydrographic divide located at the headwaters of the Elk River . The Wolf , Elk , Ucoma Rivers and Cervus Creek all start at Rambler_Peak . eos
is a hydrographic divide located at the headwaters of the Elk River . The Wolf , Elk , Ucoma Rivers and Cervus Creek all start at Rambler_Peak . eos
. eos
is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Ranger_Peak is located slightly northwest of and across Jackson Lake from Colter Bay Village . The scenic Waterfalls Canyon is immediately southeast of Ranger_Peak , but there are no maintained trails in the area . eos
is located slightly northwest of and across Jackson Lake from Colter Bay Village . The scenic Waterfalls Canyon is immediately southeast of Ranger_Peak , but there are no maintained trails in the area . Access to the summit involves off trail hiking and scrambling as the top of Ranger_Peak is more than 4,500 feet ( 1,371 m ) above Jackson Lake . eos
, but there are no maintained trails in the area . Access to the summit involves off trail hiking and scrambling as the top of Ranger_Peak is more than 4,500 feet ( 1,371 m ) above Jackson Lake . eos
is more than 4,500 feet ( 1,371 m ) above Jackson Lake . eos
is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Raynolds_Peak rises to the north of Moran Canyon and Raynolds_Peak has numerous deep cirques on Raynolds_Peak north face above Snowshoe Canyon . There are no maintained trails in the region and the summit is 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of Moran Bay on Jackson Lake . eos
rises to the north of Moran Canyon and Raynolds_Peak has numerous deep cirques on Raynolds_Peak north face above Snowshoe Canyon . There are no maintained trails in the region and the summit is 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of Moran Bay on Jackson Lake . eos
has numerous deep cirques on Raynolds_Peak north face above Snowshoe Canyon . There are no maintained trails in the region and the summit is 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of Moran Bay on Jackson Lake . eos
north face above Snowshoe Canyon . There are no maintained trails in the region and the summit is 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of Moran Bay on Jackson Lake . eos
is located in the Kaibab National Forest in Coconino County , Arizona . Red_Butte is known to the Havasupai nation as Wii'i Gdwiisa , ` ` clenched fist mountain '' , and Red_Butte is regarded as a sacred site . Red_Butte is the most notable feature on the Coconino Plateau between the San Francisco volcanic field and the Grand Canyon . eos
is known to the Havasupai nation as Wii'i Gdwiisa , ` ` clenched fist mountain '' , and Red_Butte is regarded as a sacred site . Red_Butte is the most notable feature on the Coconino Plateau between the San Francisco volcanic field and the Grand Canyon . Red_Butte base is formed of sandstones of the Moenkopi Formation . eos
is regarded as a sacred site . Red_Butte is the most notable feature on the Coconino Plateau between the San Francisco volcanic field and the Grand Canyon . Red_Butte base is formed of sandstones of the Moenkopi Formation . eos
is the most notable feature on the Coconino Plateau between the San Francisco volcanic field and the Grand Canyon . Red_Butte base is formed of sandstones of the Moenkopi Formation . Above that are strata of the Shinarump Conglomerate ; the summit is capped with volcanic rocks . eos
base is formed of sandstones of the Moenkopi Formation . Above that are strata of the Shinarump Conglomerate ; the summit is capped with volcanic rocks . A trail leads to the summit along the west side . eos
is the highest peak in the Sherwin Range , which is part of the Sierra Nevada . Red_Slate_Mountain lies along the Sierra Crest that divides Fresno County from Mono County , California . Red_Slate_Mountain can be reached by scrambling either from McGee Pass , or starting from Bighorn Lake . eos
lies along the Sierra Crest that divides Fresno County from Mono County , California . Red_Slate_Mountain can be reached by scrambling either from McGee Pass , or starting from Bighorn Lake . The area to the north of Red_Slate_Mountain is amongst the most seismically active in California : these earthquakes are associated with the Long Valley Caldera . eos
can be reached by scrambling either from McGee Pass , or starting from Bighorn Lake . The area to the north of Red_Slate_Mountain is amongst the most seismically active in California : these earthquakes are associated with the Long Valley Caldera . Red_Slate_Mountain was named by the California Geological Survey , in 1873 . eos
is amongst the most seismically active in California : these earthquakes are associated with the Long Valley Caldera . Red_Slate_Mountain was named by the California Geological Survey , in 1873 . However , it is not clear whether the survey meant to name Red_Slate_Mountain , or Red - and - White Mountain . eos
was named by the California Geological Survey , in 1873 . However , it is not clear whether the survey meant to name Red_Slate_Mountain , or Red - and - White Mountain . eos
, or Red - and - White Mountain . eos
is a large mountain massif located in the southern Teton Range . The west and northern flanks of Rendezvous_Mountain are in Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , while much of the remainder of Rendezvous_Mountain is in Bridger - Teton National Forest . Rendezvous_Mountain extends for a distance of 5 miles ( 8 km ) between Granite Canyon to the north and Phillips Canyon to the south . eos
are in Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , while much of the remainder of Rendezvous_Mountain is in Bridger - Teton National Forest . Rendezvous_Mountain extends for a distance of 5 miles ( 8 km ) between Granite Canyon to the north and Phillips Canyon to the south . Though there are numerous summits above 10,000 feet ( 3,048 m ) , the one that is most commonly visited is the North Peak , where the Jackson Hole Mountain Resort aerial tram provides access to the summit for skiers in the winter and sightseerings and hikers in the summer . eos
is in Bridger - Teton National Forest . Rendezvous_Mountain extends for a distance of 5 miles ( 8 km ) between Granite Canyon to the north and Phillips Canyon to the south . Though there are numerous summits above 10,000 feet ( 3,048 m ) , the one that is most commonly visited is the North Peak , where the Jackson Hole Mountain Resort aerial tram provides access to the summit for skiers in the winter and sightseerings and hikers in the summer . eos
extends for a distance of 5 miles ( 8 km ) between Granite Canyon to the north and Phillips Canyon to the south . Though there are numerous summits above 10,000 feet ( 3,048 m ) , the one that is most commonly visited is the North Peak , where the Jackson Hole Mountain Resort aerial tram provides access to the summit for skiers in the winter and sightseerings and hikers in the summer . The descent from the summit of Rendezvous_Mountain back to Teton Village is steep , with an altitude loss of 4,135 feet ( 1,260 m ) in only a little more than 6 miles ( 9.6 km ) . eos
back to Teton Village is steep , with an altitude loss of 4,135 feet ( 1,260 m ) in only a little more than 6 miles ( 9.6 km ) . eos
is an active volcano Reventador lies in the eastern Andes of Ecuador . Reventador lies in a remote area of the national park of the same name . eos
lies in the eastern Andes of Ecuador . Reventador lies in a remote area of the national park of the same name . eos
lies in a remote area of the national park of the same name . Since 1541 Reventador has erupted over 25 times , although Reventador isolated location means that many of Reventador eruptions have gone unreported . Reventador most recent eruption was in 2007 , but the largest historical eruption occurred in 2002 . eos
has erupted over 25 times , although Reventador isolated location means that many of Reventador eruptions have gone unreported . Reventador most recent eruption was in 2007 , but the largest historical eruption occurred in 2002 . During that eruption the plume from Reventador reached a height of 17 km and pyroclastic flows went up to 7 km from the cone . eos
isolated location means that many of Reventador eruptions have gone unreported . Reventador most recent eruption was in 2007 , but the largest historical eruption occurred in 2002 . During that eruption the plume from Reventador reached a height of 17 km and pyroclastic flows went up to 7 km from the cone . eos
eruptions have gone unreported . Reventador most recent eruption was in 2007 , but the largest historical eruption occurred in 2002 . During that eruption the plume from Reventador reached a height of 17 km and pyroclastic flows went up to 7 km from the cone . eos
most recent eruption was in 2007 , but the largest historical eruption occurred in 2002 . During that eruption the plume from Reventador reached a height of 17 km and pyroclastic flows went up to 7 km from the cone . On march 30 , 2007 , Reventador spewed ash again . eos
reached a height of 17 km and pyroclastic flows went up to 7 km from the cone . On march 30 , 2007 , Reventador spewed ash again . The ash reached a height of about two miles ( 3 km , 11,000 ft ) . eos
spewed ash again . The ash reached a height of about two miles ( 3 km , 11,000 ft ) . No injuries or damages have been reported . eos
main peak lies inside a U - shaped caldera which is open towards the Amazon basin to the east . Reventador lavas are andesitic . eos
lavas are andesitic . eos
is a mountain in central Switzerland and part of the Alps . -LCB- Its also known as the ` ` Queen of the Mountains . '' Rigi is easily accessible by public transportation . Rigi offers many winter and summer excursions such as skiing or sledding . eos
is easily accessible by public transportation . Rigi offers many winter and summer excursions such as skiing or sledding . Hiking there is also a favorite . eos
offers many winter and summer excursions such as skiing or sledding . Hiking there is also a favorite . Rigi can be reached from Goldau and Vitznau by the Rigi - Bahnen , a rack railway , and from Weggis by cable car . eos
can be reached from Goldau and Vitznau by the Rigi - Bahnen , a rack railway , and from Weggis by cable car . Rigi has been further made famous through paintings by JMW Turner , including ` ` The Blue Rigi , Lake of Lucerne , Sunrise '' . eos
has been further made famous through paintings by JMW Turner , including ` ` The Blue Rigi , Lake of Lucerne , Sunrise '' . eos
( 4,199 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps of Switzerland . The first ascent of Rimpfischhorn was by Leslie Stephen and Robert Liveing with guides Melchior Anderegg and Johann Zumtaugwald on 9 september 1859 . Their route of ascent was from Fluh Alp via the Rimpfischwänge . eos
was by Leslie Stephen and Robert Liveing with guides Melchior Anderegg and Johann Zumtaugwald on 9 september 1859 . Their route of ascent was from Fluh Alp via the Rimpfischwänge . eos
( 9,513 ft / 2,900 m ) is located in the Lewis Range in the US state of Montana . Rising_Wolf_Mountain is in the southeastern section of Glacier National Park and Rising_Wolf_Mountain rises dramatically above the Two Medicine region . The Blackfeet consider the Two Medicine region of the park to be sacred ground and their name for Rising_Wolf_Mountain , ` ` Mahkuyi - opuahsin '' , meaning , The way the wolf gets up , was later translated to the current name of Rising_Wolf_Mountain . eos
is in the southeastern section of Glacier National Park and Rising_Wolf_Mountain rises dramatically above the Two Medicine region . The Blackfeet consider the Two Medicine region of the park to be sacred ground and their name for Rising_Wolf_Mountain , ` ` Mahkuyi - opuahsin '' , meaning , The way the wolf gets up , was later translated to the current name of Rising_Wolf_Mountain . eos
rises dramatically above the Two Medicine region . The Blackfeet consider the Two Medicine region of the park to be sacred ground and their name for Rising_Wolf_Mountain , ` ` Mahkuyi - opuahsin '' , meaning , The way the wolf gets up , was later translated to the current name of Rising_Wolf_Mountain . eos
, ` ` Mahkuyi - opuahsin '' , meaning , The way the wolf gets up , was later translated to the current name of Rising_Wolf_Mountain . eos
. eos
is the highest peak of Cordillera Oriental , in the Andes Mountains of Colombia . Ritacuba_Blanco is located . The summit is accessible from the west via the town of El Cocuy , the village of Guicán and the hamlet of Las Cabaňas . eos
is located . The summit is accessible from the west via the town of El Cocuy , the village of Guicán and the hamlet of Las Cabaňas . The hike is fairly easy , but weather is not reliable , and a glacier must be crossed . eos
glacier is melting at very high rates , backing down 25 linear mts per year ; same is happening at amazing speeds to all other snow - covered tropical mountains in Colombia . In 1950 , Ritacuba_Blanco glacier extended down to 4,500 meters above sea level height ; in january 2007 it lowest point was at 4,800 meters above sea level . If this melting rate continues , Ritacuba_Blanco glacier is expected to disappear before 2025 . eos
glacier extended down to 4,500 meters above sea level height ; in january 2007 it lowest point was at 4,800 meters above sea level . If this melting rate continues , Ritacuba_Blanco glacier is expected to disappear before 2025 . eos
glacier is expected to disappear before 2025 . eos
is a mountain in the Ecrins . eos
is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Rockchuck_Peak is immediately west of String Lake and south of Paintbrush Canyon . The summit is a half mile eos
is immediately west of String Lake and south of Paintbrush Canyon . The summit is a half mile ( .8 km ) eos
is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Rolling_Thunder_Mountain is located northwest of Moran Bay on Jackson Lake and access to Rolling_Thunder_Mountain involves navigating through several miles of backcountry areas of Snowshoe Canyon where there are no maintained trails . eos
is located northwest of Moran Bay on Jackson Lake and access to Rolling_Thunder_Mountain involves navigating through several miles of backcountry areas of Snowshoe Canyon where there are no maintained trails . eos
involves navigating through several miles of backcountry areas of Snowshoe Canyon where there are no maintained trails . eos
, the highest peak of the Ruby Mountains and Elko County , is located in the northeast portion of the state of Nevada in the western United States . Ruby_Dome rises from a base elevation of about 6000 feet to a height of 11,387 feet ( 3470 m , the NAD8 elevation is about 5 feet higher ) . Ruby_Dome is located at 40 ° 37.3 ' N and 115 ° 28.5 ` W , about 21 miles southeast of the community of Elko . eos
rises from a base elevation of about 6000 feet to a height of 11,387 feet ( 3470 m , the NAD8 elevation is about 5 feet higher ) . Ruby_Dome is located at 40 ° 37.3 ' N and 115 ° 28.5 ` W , about 21 miles southeast of the community of Elko . eos
is located at 40 ° 37.3 ' N and 115 ° 28.5 ` W , about 21 miles southeast of the community of Elko . eos
( "" Hungarian : Tengerszem - csúcs "" , "" German : Meeraugspitze "" ) is a mountain in the crest of the High Tatras , at the Polish - Slovak border . Rysy has three peaks : middle ( 2,503 m ) , north - western ( 2,499 m ) and south - eastern ( 2,473 m ) . The north - western peak is the highest point ( and the most prominent ) of Poland , while the highest of the three peaks is just on the Slovak side of the border . eos
has three peaks : middle ( 2,503 m ) , north - western ( 2,499 m ) and south - eastern ( 2,473 m ) . The north - western peak is the highest point ( and the most prominent ) of Poland , while the highest of the three peaks is just on the Slovak side of the border . eos
( also known as Tambo Quemado ) is a pyroclastic shield in Bolivia . Sacabaya is located on the Altiplano near to the Rio Lauca . Sacabaya is composed of ignimbrite , which has formed a shield . eos
is located on the Altiplano near to the Rio Lauca . Sacabaya is composed of ignimbrite , which has formed a shield . Sacabaya is capped by an area of vents which has many overlapping craters , and is elongated in shape . eos
is composed of ignimbrite , which has formed a shield . Sacabaya is capped by an area of vents which has many overlapping craters , and is elongated in shape . At the southern end lies the youngest of the craters . eos
is capped by an area of vents which has many overlapping craters , and is elongated in shape . At the southern end lies the youngest of the craters . This crater has a lava dome within it . eos
has fumaroles and Sacabaya associated tephra deposits have been shaped into sand dunes by wind activity . eos
associated tephra deposits have been shaped into sand dunes by wind activity . eos
( Persian : سهند ) is a massive , heavily eroded stratovolcano in northwestern Iran . At 3707 m , Sahand is the highest mountain in the Iranian province of East Azarbaijan . Sahand is one of the highest mountains in Iranian Azerbaijan , in addition to being an important dormant volcano in the country . eos
is the highest mountain in the Iranian province of East Azarbaijan . Sahand is one of the highest mountains in Iranian Azerbaijan , in addition to being an important dormant volcano in the country . The Sahand mountains are directly south of Tabriz , the highest peak of which is Jam Daqi at an altitude of 3,750 m. eos
is one of the highest mountains in Iranian Azerbaijan , in addition to being an important dormant volcano in the country . The Sahand mountains are directly south of Tabriz , the highest peak of which is Jam Daqi at an altitude of 3,750 m. Approximately 17 peaks can be accounted for as being over 3,000 m in height . eos
( Nevado Salcantay ) or Salkantay ( Nevado Salkantay ) is the highest peak of the Cordillera Vilcabamba , part of the Peruvian Andes . Salcantay is located in the Cusco Region , about 60 km west - northwest of the city of Cusco . Salcantay is the 38th highest peak in the Andes , and the twelfth highest in Peru . eos
is located in the Cusco Region , about 60 km west - northwest of the city of Cusco . Salcantay is the 38th highest peak in the Andes , and the twelfth highest in Peru . However , as a range highpoint in deeply incised terrain , Salcantay is the second most topographically prominent peak in the country , after Huascarán . eos
is the 38th highest peak in the Andes , and the twelfth highest in Peru . However , as a range highpoint in deeply incised terrain , Salcantay is the second most topographically prominent peak in the country , after Huascarán . eos
is the second most topographically prominent peak in the country , after Huascarán . eos
is the highest peak of the Saltoro Mountains , better known as the Saltoro Range , which is a subrange of the Karakoram . Saltoro_Kangri is one of the highest mountains on Earth , but Saltoro_Kangri is in a very remote location deep in the Karakoram . eos
is one of the highest mountains on Earth , but Saltoro_Kangri is in a very remote location deep in the Karakoram . eos
is in a very remote location deep in the Karakoram . eos
( or Mount San Gorgonio , or Old Greyback ) is the highest peak in Southern California at 11,502 feet ( 3,506 m ) above sea level . San_Gorgonio_Mountain is located in the San Bernardino Mountains , 27 mi ( 42 km ) east of the city of San Bernardino and 12 mi ( 19 km ) north - northeast of San Gorgonio Pass . eos
is located in the San Bernardino Mountains , 27 mi ( 42 km ) east of the city of San Bernardino and 12 mi ( 19 km ) north - northeast of San Gorgonio Pass . San_Gorgonio_Mountain lies in the San Gorgonio Wilderness , part of the San Bernardino National Forest . eos
lies in the San Gorgonio Wilderness , part of the San Bernardino National Forest . Spanish missionaries in the area during the early 1800s named San_Gorgonio_Mountain after Saint Gorgonius . Since San_Gorgonio_Mountain is the highest point in a region which is separated from higher peaks ( eg in the Sierra Nevada ) by relatively low terrain , San_Gorgonio_Mountain is one of the most topographically prominent peaks in the United States . eos
after Saint Gorgonius . Since San_Gorgonio_Mountain is the highest point in a region which is separated from higher peaks ( eg in the Sierra Nevada ) by relatively low terrain , San_Gorgonio_Mountain is one of the most topographically prominent peaks in the United States . San_Gorgonio_Mountain is ranked 7th among peaks in the contiguous US , and 18th among all US peaks . eos
is the highest point in a region which is separated from higher peaks ( eg in the Sierra Nevada ) by relatively low terrain , San_Gorgonio_Mountain is one of the most topographically prominent peaks in the United States . San_Gorgonio_Mountain is ranked 7th among peaks in the contiguous US , and 18th among all US peaks . Several trails lead to the broad summit of San_Gorgonio_Mountain , which rises only a few hundred feet ( 100 m ) above the tree line . eos
is one of the most topographically prominent peaks in the United States . San_Gorgonio_Mountain is ranked 7th among peaks in the contiguous US , and 18th among all US peaks . Several trails lead to the broad summit of San_Gorgonio_Mountain , which rises only a few hundred feet ( 100 m ) above the tree line . eos
is ranked 7th among peaks in the contiguous US , and 18th among all US peaks . Several trails lead to the broad summit of San_Gorgonio_Mountain , which rises only a few hundred feet ( 100 m ) above the tree line . Any route requires well over 4,000 feet ( 1,220 m ) of elevation gain . eos
, which rises only a few hundred feet ( 100 m ) above the tree line . Any route requires well over 4,000 feet ( 1,220 m ) of elevation gain . There is however one less used trail leading from the Fish Creek Trailhead to San_Gorgonio_Mountain that has about 3400 ' of gain , far less than the 4600 ' - 5200 ' of gain on the standard routes from the South Fork and Vivian Creek trailheads . eos
that has about 3400 ' of gain , far less than the 4600 ' - 5200 ' of gain on the standard routes from the South Fork and Vivian Creek trailheads . eos
is the highest peak in Riverside County , California . San_Jacinto_Peak is part of the San Jacinto Mountains , and San_Jacinto_Peak lies within Mount San Jacinto State Park . To the east , San_Jacinto_Peak towers over the city of Palm Springs ; to the west , San_Jacinto_Peak borders the mountain community of Idyllwild . San_Jacinto_Peak is also frequently named Mount San Jacinto . eos
is part of the San Jacinto Mountains , and San_Jacinto_Peak lies within Mount San Jacinto State Park . To the east , San_Jacinto_Peak towers over the city of Palm Springs ; to the west , San_Jacinto_Peak borders the mountain community of Idyllwild . San_Jacinto_Peak is also frequently named Mount San Jacinto . The steep escarpment of San_Jacinto_Peak north face , above Snow Creek , climbs over 10,000 feet ( 3 km ) in 7 miles ( 11.3 km ) . eos
lies within Mount San Jacinto State Park . To the east , San_Jacinto_Peak towers over the city of Palm Springs ; to the west , San_Jacinto_Peak borders the mountain community of Idyllwild . San_Jacinto_Peak is also frequently named Mount San Jacinto . The steep escarpment of San_Jacinto_Peak north face , above Snow Creek , climbs over 10,000 feet ( 3 km ) in 7 miles ( 11.3 km ) . eos
towers over the city of Palm Springs ; to the west , San_Jacinto_Peak borders the mountain community of Idyllwild . San_Jacinto_Peak is also frequently named Mount San Jacinto . The steep escarpment of San_Jacinto_Peak north face , above Snow Creek , climbs over 10,000 feet ( 3 km ) in 7 miles ( 11.3 km ) . This is one of the largest gains in elevation over such a small horizontal distance in the contiguous United States . eos
borders the mountain community of Idyllwild . San_Jacinto_Peak is also frequently named Mount San Jacinto . The steep escarpment of San_Jacinto_Peak north face , above Snow Creek , climbs over 10,000 feet ( 3 km ) in 7 miles ( 11.3 km ) . This is one of the largest gains in elevation over such a small horizontal distance in the contiguous United States . eos
is also frequently named Mount San Jacinto . The steep escarpment of San_Jacinto_Peak north face , above Snow Creek , climbs over 10,000 feet ( 3 km ) in 7 miles ( 11.3 km ) . This is one of the largest gains in elevation over such a small horizontal distance in the contiguous United States . eos
north face , above Snow Creek , climbs over 10,000 feet ( 3 km ) in 7 miles ( 11.3 km ) . This is one of the largest gains in elevation over such a small horizontal distance in the contiguous United States . San_Jacinto_Peak is flanked by Jean Peak ( 10,670 feet , 3252 metres ) and Marion Mountain ( 10,362 feet , 3158 metres ) . eos
is flanked by Jean Peak ( 10,670 feet , 3252 metres ) and Marion Mountain ( 10,362 feet , 3158 metres ) . These peaks were named in 1897 by USGS topographer Edmund Taylor Perkins , Jr. . Perkins named Jean Peak for his sweetheart and future bride , Jean Waters of Plumas County , whom he married in 1903 . eos
environs . Near the summit of San_Jacinto_Peak is a stone hut that was built in 1935 by Zubi , an immigrant from Central Europe who for many years until his death in the 1970s was a beloved figure in the mountain community of Idyllwild . In the 1930s , Idyllwild staged an annual race from the town center to San_Jacinto_Peak and back . eos
and San_Jacinto_Peak environs . Near the summit of San_Jacinto_Peak is a stone hut that was built in 1935 by Zubi , an immigrant from Central Europe who for many years until his death in the 1970s was a beloved figure in the mountain community of Idyllwild . In the 1930s , Idyllwild staged an annual race from the town center to San_Jacinto_Peak and back . eos
is a stone hut that was built in 1935 by Zubi , an immigrant from Central Europe who for many years until his death in the 1970s was a beloved figure in the mountain community of Idyllwild . In the 1930s , Idyllwild staged an annual race from the town center to San_Jacinto_Peak and back . Contestants could choose any route they wished to get to and from San_Jacinto_Peak . eos
and back . Contestants could choose any route they wished to get to and from San_Jacinto_Peak . eos
. eos
is a fourteen thousand foot peak in the San Juan Mountains of the US state of Colorado . San_Luis_Peak is located in the La Garita Wilderness ( part of the Rio Grande National Forest ) in Saguache County approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Creede . San_Luis_Peak is situated rather far to the east of the other fourteeners in the San Juans , and San_Luis_Peak has more of a wilderness setting than many other fourteeners . eos
is located in the La Garita Wilderness ( part of the Rio Grande National Forest ) in Saguache County approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Creede . San_Luis_Peak is situated rather far to the east of the other fourteeners in the San Juans , and San_Luis_Peak has more of a wilderness setting than many other fourteeners . San_Luis_Peak is a relatively straightforward climb , with two hiking routes to the summit , the South Ridge and the East Flank . eos
is situated rather far to the east of the other fourteeners in the San Juans , and San_Luis_Peak has more of a wilderness setting than many other fourteeners . San_Luis_Peak is a relatively straightforward climb , with two hiking routes to the summit , the South Ridge and the East Flank . eos
has more of a wilderness setting than many other fourteeners . San_Luis_Peak is a relatively straightforward climb , with two hiking routes to the summit , the South Ridge and the East Flank . eos
is a relatively straightforward climb , with two hiking routes to the summit , the South Ridge and the East Flank . eos
is a constantly active stratovolcano in southeastern Ecuador . Sangay is the southernmost and most active volcano in the country , and Sangay is known for Sangay explosive venting of thick ash clouds , which has built a dome since 1976 . eos
is the southernmost and most active volcano in the country , and Sangay is known for Sangay explosive venting of thick ash clouds , which has built a dome since 1976 . eos
is known for Sangay explosive venting of thick ash clouds , which has built a dome since 1976 . eos
explosive venting of thick ash clouds , which has built a dome since 1976 . eos
, or Sangemar Mar , or Sang - e - Marmar , is a peak in the Batura Muztagh . This is the westernmost subrange of the Karakoram range , and is located in the Gilgit district of the Northern Areas of Pakistan , west of the Hunza Valley . It runs from Chalt village , in the Bar Valley on the eastern end , to Kampir Dior in Kurumbar Valley on the western end . eos
is much lower in elevation than many of the surrounding peaks , such as Batura Sar and Rakaposhi , Sangemarmar_Sar is little - known , and there has been only one successful ascent of Sangemarmar_Sar , according to the Index . However , because of Sangemarmar_Sar location on the southeast flank of the range , relatively near the Hunza Valley , Sangemarmar_Sar does enjoy tremendous vertical relief above local terrain . eos
is little - known , and there has been only one successful ascent of Sangemarmar_Sar , according to the Index . However , because of Sangemarmar_Sar location on the southeast flank of the range , relatively near the Hunza Valley , Sangemarmar_Sar does enjoy tremendous vertical relief above local terrain . eos
, according to the Index . However , because of Sangemarmar_Sar location on the southeast flank of the range , relatively near the Hunza Valley , Sangemarmar_Sar does enjoy tremendous vertical relief above local terrain . eos
location on the southeast flank of the range , relatively near the Hunza Valley , Sangemarmar_Sar does enjoy tremendous vertical relief above local terrain . eos
does enjoy tremendous vertical relief above local terrain . eos
is a prominent summit in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of New Mexico , United States , located 15 mi ( 24 km ) northeast of Santa Fe . There are no higher mountains in New Mexico south of Santa_Fe_Baldy . Santa_Fe_Baldy is prominent as seen from Los Alamos and communities along the Rio Grande in northern New Mexico , but Santa_Fe_Baldy is relatively inconspicuous from Santa Fe , as Santa_Fe_Baldy north - south trending main ridge line is seen nearly end - on , disguising the size of Santa_Fe_Baldy . eos
. Santa_Fe_Baldy is prominent as seen from Los Alamos and communities along the Rio Grande in northern New Mexico , but Santa_Fe_Baldy is relatively inconspicuous from Santa Fe , as Santa_Fe_Baldy north - south trending main ridge line is seen nearly end - on , disguising the size of Santa_Fe_Baldy . Tree line in the Sangre de Cristos is unusually high ( exceeding 12,000 ft/3 , 660 m in places ) and only the top 600 - 800 ft ( 180 - 240 m ) of Santa_Fe_Baldy is perpetually free of trees , but several severe forest fires have created bare spots extending to lower elevations . eos
is prominent as seen from Los Alamos and communities along the Rio Grande in northern New Mexico , but Santa_Fe_Baldy is relatively inconspicuous from Santa Fe , as Santa_Fe_Baldy north - south trending main ridge line is seen nearly end - on , disguising the size of Santa_Fe_Baldy . Tree line in the Sangre de Cristos is unusually high ( exceeding 12,000 ft/3 , 660 m in places ) and only the top 600 - 800 ft ( 180 - 240 m ) of Santa_Fe_Baldy is perpetually free of trees , but several severe forest fires have created bare spots extending to lower elevations . An extensive region of aspen trees on Santa_Fe_Baldy flanks produces spectacular orange - yellow coloration during the fall that is the subject of many photographic studies . eos
is relatively inconspicuous from Santa Fe , as Santa_Fe_Baldy north - south trending main ridge line is seen nearly end - on , disguising the size of Santa_Fe_Baldy . Tree line in the Sangre de Cristos is unusually high ( exceeding 12,000 ft/3 , 660 m in places ) and only the top 600 - 800 ft ( 180 - 240 m ) of Santa_Fe_Baldy is perpetually free of trees , but several severe forest fires have created bare spots extending to lower elevations . An extensive region of aspen trees on Santa_Fe_Baldy flanks produces spectacular orange - yellow coloration during the fall that is the subject of many photographic studies . eos
north - south trending main ridge line is seen nearly end - on , disguising the size of Santa_Fe_Baldy . Tree line in the Sangre de Cristos is unusually high ( exceeding 12,000 ft/3 , 660 m in places ) and only the top 600 - 800 ft ( 180 - 240 m ) of Santa_Fe_Baldy is perpetually free of trees , but several severe forest fires have created bare spots extending to lower elevations . An extensive region of aspen trees on Santa_Fe_Baldy flanks produces spectacular orange - yellow coloration during the fall that is the subject of many photographic studies . eos
. Tree line in the Sangre de Cristos is unusually high ( exceeding 12,000 ft/3 , 660 m in places ) and only the top 600 - 800 ft ( 180 - 240 m ) of Santa_Fe_Baldy is perpetually free of trees , but several severe forest fires have created bare spots extending to lower elevations . An extensive region of aspen trees on Santa_Fe_Baldy flanks produces spectacular orange - yellow coloration during the fall that is the subject of many photographic studies . eos
is perpetually free of trees , but several severe forest fires have created bare spots extending to lower elevations . An extensive region of aspen trees on Santa_Fe_Baldy flanks produces spectacular orange - yellow coloration during the fall that is the subject of many photographic studies . Santa_Fe_Baldy lies in the Pecos Wilderness , part of the Santa Fe National Forest , on the water divide between the Rio Grande and the Pecos River . eos
flanks produces spectacular orange - yellow coloration during the fall that is the subject of many photographic studies . Santa_Fe_Baldy lies in the Pecos Wilderness , part of the Santa Fe National Forest , on the water divide between the Rio Grande and the Pecos River . The western slopes are drained by the Rio Capulin and the Rio Nambe , both flowing to the Rio Grande . eos
lies in the Pecos Wilderness , part of the Santa Fe National Forest , on the water divide between the Rio Grande and the Pecos River . The western slopes are drained by the Rio Capulin and the Rio Nambe , both flowing to the Rio Grande . The eastern side of Santa_Fe_Baldy consists of two small cirques , one containing Lake Katherine , one of the highest lakes in New Mexico , at elevation 11,742 ft ( 3,579 m ) . eos
consists of two small cirques , one containing Lake Katherine , one of the highest lakes in New Mexico , at elevation 11,742 ft ( 3,579 m ) . Santa_Fe_Baldy is accessed by Trail 251 , the Skyline Trail , which climbs to a saddle about 1,000 ft ( 300 m ) below the summit ; the remaining distance is covered by a steep unofficial trail along the ridgeline . Under good conditions the summit is a simple ` ` walk - up '' climb , but the Sangre de Cristos are unusually prone to lightning , and during the summer months , the wise hiker is off Santa_Fe_Baldy and other high summits in the range by noon , to avoid afternoon thunderstorms . eos
is accessed by Trail 251 , the Skyline Trail , which climbs to a saddle about 1,000 ft ( 300 m ) below the summit ; the remaining distance is covered by a steep unofficial trail along the ridgeline . Under good conditions the summit is a simple ` ` walk - up '' climb , but the Sangre de Cristos are unusually prone to lightning , and during the summer months , the wise hiker is off Santa_Fe_Baldy and other high summits in the range by noon , to avoid afternoon thunderstorms . Nearby peaks include Lake Peak , 12,409 ft ( 3,782 m ) and Tesuque Peak , 12,043 ft ( 3,671 m ) , both located about 3 mi ( 5 km ) to the south of Santa_Fe_Baldy . eos
and other high summits in the range by noon , to avoid afternoon thunderstorms . Nearby peaks include Lake Peak , 12,409 ft ( 3,782 m ) and Tesuque Peak , 12,043 ft ( 3,671 m ) , both located about 3 mi ( 5 km ) to the south of Santa_Fe_Baldy . Santa Fe Ski Basin is located on the western slopes of Tesuque Peak . eos
. Santa Fe Ski Basin is located on the western slopes of Tesuque Peak . eos
( Serbian and Macedonian : Шар Планина , Šar Planina ; Albanian : Malet e Sharrit , Mali i Sharrit , Sharr ) is a mountain located on the southern border of Kosovo , Serbia and the northwest part of the Republic of Macedonia . eos
is around 80 kilometers long , some 10 - 20 kilometers wide . There are several high peaks : * Titov Vrv ( 2747 m ) , the highest peak eos
extends to Mount Korab ( 2764 m ) in the southwest , and Sar_Mountain passes into northeastern Albania . Vegetation on Sar_Mountain includes crops up to around 1000 meters , forests up to 1700 meters , and above that lie high pastures which encompass around 550 square kilometers . Sar_Mountain is the largest compact area covered with pastures on the European continent . eos
passes into northeastern Albania . Vegetation on Sar_Mountain includes crops up to around 1000 meters , forests up to 1700 meters , and above that lie high pastures which encompass around 550 square kilometers . Sar_Mountain is the largest compact area covered with pastures on the European continent . eos
includes crops up to around 1000 meters , forests up to 1700 meters , and above that lie high pastures which encompass around 550 square kilometers . Sar_Mountain is the largest compact area covered with pastures on the European continent . Sar_Mountain is most known as the origin of the dog breed Šarplaninac ( Macedonian : eos
is the largest compact area covered with pastures on the European continent . Sar_Mountain is most known as the origin of the dog breed Šarplaninac ( Macedonian : Šarplaninec , Albanian : Qeni i Sharrit ) which was bred on these pastures . eos
is most known as the origin of the dog breed Šarplaninac ( Macedonian : Šarplaninec , Albanian : Qeni i Sharrit ) which was bred on these pastures . The Šar National Park is in the territory of the Autonomous Province of Kosovo and it spreads on 380 square kilometres , on the northern slopes of Sar_Mountain . eos
. What this national park boasts in particular are the endemic relict Macedonian Pine and white - bark pine , as well as the Alpine rose . As for game , this is the habitat of the lynx , bear , chamois , wolf , roe deer , wild boar and other species . eos
is the fourth highest independent peak in the Hindu Kush . Saraghrar is a huge , irregular stretched plateau at elevation around 7,000 m ( 22,966 ft ) , lying above vertical granite and ice faces , which protect Saraghrar all around . Saraghrar distinct summits are poorly identified , and information gathered from expeditions that have visited the area is often misleading . eos
is a huge , irregular stretched plateau at elevation around 7,000 m ( 22,966 ft ) , lying above vertical granite and ice faces , which protect Saraghrar all around . Saraghrar distinct summits are poorly identified , and information gathered from expeditions that have visited the area is often misleading . The main summits are : NE summit ( 7349 m ) , NW summit ( 7300 m ) , SW summit ( 7148 m ) , S summit ( 7307 m ) and SE summit ( 7208 m ) . eos
all around . Saraghrar distinct summits are poorly identified , and information gathered from expeditions that have visited the area is often misleading . The main summits are : NE summit ( 7349 m ) , NW summit ( 7300 m ) , SW summit ( 7148 m ) , S summit ( 7307 m ) and SE summit ( 7208 m ) . eos
distinct summits are poorly identified , and information gathered from expeditions that have visited the area is often misleading . The main summits are : NE summit ( 7349 m ) , NW summit ( 7300 m ) , SW summit ( 7148 m ) , S summit ( 7307 m ) and SE summit ( 7208 m ) . To date ( 2005 ) , the NW summit is the only unclimbed peak of Saraghrar . eos
. eos
( or Sasir Kangri ) is the highest peak in the Saser Muztagh , the easternmost subrange of the Karakoram range in India . Saser_Kangri is the 35th highest independent peak in the world . Saser_Kangri consists of four main peaks : eos
is the 35th highest independent peak in the world . Saser_Kangri consists of four main peaks : * Saser Kangri eos
consists of four main peaks : * Saser Kangri I at 7,672 metres ( 25,170 feet ) eos
lies toward the northwestern end of the Saser Muztagh , at the head of the North Shukpa Kunchang Glacier , a major glacier which drains the eastern slopes of the group . The Sakang and Pukpoche Glaciers head on the western side of the group , and drain into the Nubra River . Early exploration and climbing attempts of Saser_Kangri occurred on the western side , from the Nubra Valley ; this is lower , more populated , and hence more easily accessible than the eastern side , which faces the Tibetan Plateau . eos
occurred on the western side , from the Nubra Valley ; this is lower , more populated , and hence more easily accessible than the eastern side , which faces the Tibetan Plateau . Early European exploration included a visit in 1909 by famed explorer T G. Longstaff , along with Arthur Neve and A M. Slingsby . However , visits and failed climbing attempts by multiple groups on the western side over the period 1922 - 1970 showed that the western side was surprisingly difficult . eos
, by a very different route . They approached Saser_Kangri from the southeast , via the upper Shyok Valley and the North Shukpa Kunchang Glacier , a long and difficult journey . Only in 1987 did climbers succeed in ascending Saser_Kangri from the western side : an Indian - British team successfully climbed Saser_Kangri in conjunction with the first ascent of Saser Kangri IV . eos
from the southeast , via the upper Shyok Valley and the North Shukpa Kunchang Glacier , a long and difficult journey . Only in 1987 did climbers succeed in ascending Saser_Kangri from the western side : an Indian - British team successfully climbed Saser_Kangri in conjunction with the first ascent of Saser Kangri IV . Saser Kangri II West was first climbed in 1984 by an Indo - Japanese team . eos
from the western side : an Indian - British team successfully climbed Saser_Kangri in conjunction with the first ascent of Saser Kangri IV . Saser Kangri II West was first climbed in 1984 by an Indo - Japanese team . Saser Kangri II East remains unclimbed ; it is now believed that this is slightly higher that Saser Kangri II West and the world 's second highest unclimbed mountain after Gangkhar Puensum . eos
in conjunction with the first ascent of Saser Kangri IV . Saser Kangri II West was first climbed in 1984 by an Indo - Japanese team . Saser Kangri II East remains unclimbed ; it is now believed that this is slightly higher that Saser Kangri II West and the world 's second highest unclimbed mountain after Gangkhar Puensum . eos
is the highest point in the Saur Range , part of the Tien Shan , on the border between Kazakhstan and China . Sauyr_Zhotasy lies 100 km southeast of Lake Zaysan . Despite Sauyr_Zhotasy low elevation , Sauyr_Zhotasy is well separated from higher ranges in Sauyr_Zhotasy area , and Sauyr_Zhotasy is therefore ranked highly by topographic prominence . eos
lies 100 km southeast of Lake Zaysan . Despite Sauyr_Zhotasy low elevation , Sauyr_Zhotasy is well separated from higher ranges in Sauyr_Zhotasy area , and Sauyr_Zhotasy is therefore ranked highly by topographic prominence . eos
low elevation , Sauyr_Zhotasy is well separated from higher ranges in Sauyr_Zhotasy area , and Sauyr_Zhotasy is therefore ranked highly by topographic prominence . eos
is well separated from higher ranges in Sauyr_Zhotasy area , and Sauyr_Zhotasy is therefore ranked highly by topographic prominence . eos
area , and Sauyr_Zhotasy is therefore ranked highly by topographic prominence . eos
is therefore ranked highly by topographic prominence . eos
, with Schneeberg_Alps 2076 m - high summit Klosterwappen , is the highest mountain of Lower Austria , and the easternmost 2000 m - high mountain in the Alps . Schneeberg_Alps is a distinctive limestone massif with steep slopes on three sides . Schneeberg_Alps is one of the Northern Calcareous Alps in the borderland between Lower Austria and Styria , in the eastern part of Austria . eos
2076 m - high summit Klosterwappen , is the highest mountain of Lower Austria , and the easternmost 2000 m - high mountain in the Alps . Schneeberg_Alps is a distinctive limestone massif with steep slopes on three sides . Schneeberg_Alps is one of the Northern Calcareous Alps in the borderland between Lower Austria and Styria , in the eastern part of Austria . eos
is a distinctive limestone massif with steep slopes on three sides . Schneeberg_Alps is one of the Northern Calcareous Alps in the borderland between Lower Austria and Styria , in the eastern part of Austria . Schneeberg_Alps and the Rax ( 2007 m ) , some 13 km to the south - west , are collectively considered the Viennese Hausberge ( local mountains ) . eos
is one of the Northern Calcareous Alps in the borderland between Lower Austria and Styria , in the eastern part of Austria . Schneeberg_Alps and the Rax ( 2007 m ) , some 13 km to the south - west , are collectively considered the Viennese Hausberge ( local mountains ) . The rich Karst plateaux have provided drinking water for Vienna , via a 120 km - long pipeline , since 1873 , claiming to be the best drinking water in the world . eos
and the Rax ( 2007 m ) , some 13 km to the south - west , are collectively considered the Viennese Hausberge ( local mountains ) . The rich Karst plateaux have provided drinking water for Vienna , via a 120 km - long pipeline , since 1873 , claiming to be the best drinking water in the world . On clear days , Schneeberg_Alps can be readily seen from parts of Vienna , some 65 km away ( as the crow flies ) , together with Schneeberg_Alps snow - fields that reach down Schneeberg_Alps northern slopes even in summer and provide a challenge to skiers . eos
can be readily seen from parts of Vienna , some 65 km away ( as the crow flies ) , together with Schneeberg_Alps snow - fields that reach down Schneeberg_Alps northern slopes even in summer and provide a challenge to skiers . A rack - and - pinion railway , the Schneebergbahn , now over 100 years old , climbs to a height of 1800 m , reducing the walk to the summit to an hour or two . There are also a number of other routes for walkers , including from the spa resort of Puchberg am Schneeberg to the east , or from the south , in Höllental . eos
snow - fields that reach down Schneeberg_Alps northern slopes even in summer and provide a challenge to skiers . A rack - and - pinion railway , the Schneebergbahn , now over 100 years old , climbs to a height of 1800 m , reducing the walk to the summit to an hour or two . There are also a number of other routes for walkers , including from the spa resort of Puchberg am Schneeberg to the east , or from the south , in Höllental . eos
northern slopes even in summer and provide a challenge to skiers . A rack - and - pinion railway , the Schneebergbahn , now over 100 years old , climbs to a height of 1800 m , reducing the walk to the summit to an hour or two . There are also a number of other routes for walkers , including from the spa resort of Puchberg am Schneeberg to the east , or from the south , in Höllental . eos
( 4,078 m ) is a mountain in the Aarmassif in the Bernese Alps . The first ascent was on 16 august 1861 by Leslie Stephen , Ulrich Kaufmann , Christian Michel and Peter Michel . Their route of ascent , via the upper Schreck Couloir to the Schrecksattel and then by the south - east ridge , was the normal route for the following fifty years , but is now seldom used . eos
had been attempted several times before this , most notably by the Swiss naturalist Joseph Hugi in 1828 ( Schreckhorn Hugisattel is named after him ) and the guided party of Pierre Jean Édouard Desor ( a Swiss geologist ) in 1842 . ` The ambition of hoisting the first flag on the Schreckhorn , the one big Bernese summit which was untrodden , was far too obvious for us to resist ' , Desor later wrote , but they climbed a secondary summit of the Lauteraarhorn by mistake . The first ascent by the south - west ridge ( AD + ) - the normal route by which Schreckhorn is climbed - was by an unguided British party comprising Edward Branby , John Wicks and Claude Wilson on 26 july 1902 . eos
Hugisattel is named after him ) and the guided party of Pierre Jean Édouard Desor ( a Swiss geologist ) in 1842 . ` The ambition of hoisting the first flag on the Schreckhorn , the one big Bernese summit which was untrodden , was far too obvious for us to resist ' , Desor later wrote , but they climbed a secondary summit of the Lauteraarhorn by mistake . The first ascent by the south - west ridge ( AD + ) - the normal route by which Schreckhorn is climbed - was by an unguided British party comprising Edward Branby , John Wicks and Claude Wilson on 26 july 1902 . eos
is climbed - was by an unguided British party comprising Edward Branby , John Wicks and Claude Wilson on 26 july 1902 . The north - west ridge ( the Andersongrat , AD ) was first climbed by John Stafford Anderson and George Percival Baker , with guides Ulrich Almer and Aloys Pollinger on 7 august 1883 . The Strahlegg Hut , destroyed by an avalanche , has been replaced by the Schreckhorn Hut ( 2,520 m ) . eos
may also be ascended from the Gleckstein Hut ( 2,317 m ) and the Lauteraar Hut ( 2,392 m ) . eos
( German : Schlern ) ( 2,563 m ) is a mountain of the Dolomites in Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , Italy . eos
characteristic profile appears on at least two different products : * Der Schlern , a magazine for South Tyrolean regional studies * eos
( right , in the image at right ) was first ascended in 1888 by Johann Santner . It is named the Santner Spitze in his honour . Sciliar dominates the town of Siusi allo Sciliar , and the summit can be reached by following the trail marked with the number 1 from the town . eos
dominates the town of Siusi allo Sciliar , and the summit can be reached by following the trail marked with the number 1 from the town . At 1700 m , there is a mountain refuge , Rifugio Malghetta Sciliar ( German : Schlernboden ) , open from 1st june to 15th october . Near the summit is the Rifugio Bolzano ( German : Schlernhaus ) ( 2457 m ) . eos
also Gunung Semeru - is the tallest mountain on the island of Java and one of its most active volcanoes . Known also as Mahameru ( Great Mountain ) , Semeru is very steep and eos
is very steep and Semeru rises abruptly above the coastal plains of eastern Java . Maars containing crater lakes have formed along a line through the summit . eos
rises abruptly above the coastal plains of eastern Java . Maars containing crater lakes have formed along a line through the summit . Semeru lies at the south end of the Tengger Volcanic Complex . eos
lies at the south end of the Tengger Volcanic Complex . Semeru eruptive history is extensive . Since 1818 , at least 55 eruptions have been recorded ( 10 of which resulted in fatalities ) consisting of both lava flows and pyroclastic flows . eos
eruptive history is extensive . Since 1818 , at least 55 eruptions have been recorded ( 10 of which resulted in fatalities ) consisting of both lava flows and pyroclastic flows . Moderate explosive eruptions ( VEI 2 - 3 ) have also been recorded with some regularity . eos
has been in a state of near - constant eruption from 1967 to the present . At times , small eruptions happen every 10 minutes or so . Semeru is regularly climbed by tourists , usually starting from the village of Rano Pani to the north , but though non - technical Semeru can be dangerous . eos
is regularly climbed by tourists , usually starting from the village of Rano Pani to the north , but though non - technical Semeru can be dangerous . Soe Hok Gie , an Indonesian political activist of the 1960s died in 1969 from inhaling poisonous gas while hiking on Semeru . eos
can be dangerous . Soe Hok Gie , an Indonesian political activist of the 1960s died in 1969 from inhaling poisonous gas while hiking on Semeru . eos
. eos
is an Austrian mountain , between Stubaital and Wipptal in Tyrol , Austria . Serles nickname is Altar von Tirol , literally the Altar of Tyrol . Reachable * from Matrei am Brenner / Wipptal via Maria Waldrast * from Fulpmes / Stubaital via Medraz / Fulpmes , via Wildeben - Alm ( also accessible by Mountainbike ) via Serlesjöchl eos
nickname is Altar von Tirol , literally the Altar of Tyrol . Reachable * from Matrei am Brenner / Wipptal via Maria Waldrast * from Fulpmes / Stubaital via Medraz / Fulpmes , via Wildeben - Alm ( also accessible by Mountainbike ) via Serlesjöchl * from Kampl / Neustift , via Wildeben - Alm , via Serlesjöchl eos
is a mountain in the Cuillin on the Isle of Skye , Scotland . Sgurr_Dearg is topped by the Inaccessible Pinnacle ( colloquially referred to by mountaineers as the In Pin or In Pinn ) , a fin of rock measuring 50 metres ( 150 feet ) along its longest edge . eos
is topped by the Inaccessible Pinnacle ( colloquially referred to by mountaineers as the In Pin or In Pinn ) , a fin of rock measuring 50 metres ( 150 feet ) along its longest edge . The top of the Inaccessible Pinnacle , which at 986 m is the highest point of Sgurr_Dearg , is the only summit in the British Isles which can only be reached by rock climbing . eos
, is the only summit in the British Isles which can only be reached by rock climbing . This makes it the biggest hurdle for many Munro baggers . First climbed by Charles and Lawrence Pilkington in 1880 , the Pinnacle was never climbed by Sir Hugh Munro himself . eos
status as the most difficult of the Munros Sgurr_Dearg has now spawned a cottage industry for the local guides , who are frequently to be seen escorting parties of novice climbers . Unlike much of the Cuillin , the pinnacle is basalt not gabbro and thus is somewhat slippery in the wet . eos
has now spawned a cottage industry for the local guides , who are frequently to be seen escorting parties of novice climbers . Unlike much of the Cuillin , the pinnacle is basalt not gabbro and thus is somewhat slippery in the wet . eos
is a mountain peak in the Karakoram Range . Sherpi_Kangri lies in the south of Ghent Kangri ( 7,380 m ) . In Sherpi_Kangri southeast is Saltoro Kangri ( 7,742 m ) . eos
lies in the south of Ghent Kangri ( 7,380 m ) . In Sherpi_Kangri southeast is Saltoro Kangri ( 7,742 m ) . eos
southeast is Saltoro Kangri ( 7,742 m ) . eos
, or Shiprock Peak or Ship Rock ( Navajo : Tsé Bit ` a ` í , ` ` winged rock '' ) is a rock formation rising nearly above the high - desert plain on the Navajo reservation , about southwest of the northern New Mexico town of Shiprock , which is named for Shiprock . eos
. eos
( officially : Xixiabangma ) is the fourteenth highest mountain in the world and the lowest of the eight - thousanders . Shishapangma was the last 8,000 metre peak to be climbed , due to Shishapangma location entirely within China and the restrictions on outside visitation to the region imposed by the Chinese during the 1950s and later . The Tibetan name shi sha sbang eos
was the last 8,000 metre peak to be climbed , due to Shishapangma location entirely within China and the restrictions on outside visitation to the region imposed by the Chinese during the 1950s and later . The Tibetan name shi sha sbang ma means ` ` crest above the grassy plains '' . eos
location entirely within China and the restrictions on outside visitation to the region imposed by the Chinese during the 1950s and later . The Tibetan name shi sha sbang ma means ` ` crest above the grassy plains '' . eos
is called Gosainthan , which means ` ` place of the saint '' ) . Another interpretation , based on the spelling Shisha - Pangma , is that the name means , literally , ` ` Sherpa Woman . '' Shishapangma is located in south - central Tibet , a few kilometres from the border with Nepal . eos
is located in south - central Tibet , a few kilometres from the border with Nepal . Shishapangma is the only eight - thousander entirely within Chinese territory . Shishapangma is the highest peak in the Jugal Himal , which is contiguous with , and often considered a part of , the Langtang Himal . eos
is the only eight - thousander entirely within Chinese territory . Shishapangma is the highest peak in the Jugal Himal , which is contiguous with , and often considered a part of , the Langtang Himal . The combined Jugal / Langtang Himal straddles the Tibet / Nepal border . eos
is the highest peak in the Jugal Himal , which is contiguous with , and often considered a part of , the Langtang Himal . The combined Jugal / Langtang Himal straddles the Tibet / Nepal border . Since Shishapangma is on the dry north side of the Himalayan crest , and further away from the lower terrain of Nepal , Shishapangma has somewhat less dramatic vertical relief than most other major Himalayan peaks . eos
is on the dry north side of the Himalayan crest , and further away from the lower terrain of Nepal , Shishapangma has somewhat less dramatic vertical relief than most other major Himalayan peaks . Shishapangma was first climbed on May 2 , 1964 by a Chinese expedition led by Xǔ Jìng 许竞 . In addition to Xǔ Jìng , the summit team consisted of Zhāng Jùnyán 张俊岩 , Wáng Fùzhōu 王富洲 , Wū Zōngyuè 邬宗岳 , Chén Sān 陈三 , Soinam Dorjê ( Suǒnán Duōjí 索南多吉 ) eos
has somewhat less dramatic vertical relief than most other major Himalayan peaks . Shishapangma was first climbed on May 2 , 1964 by a Chinese expedition led by Xǔ Jìng 许竞 . In addition to Xǔ Jìng , the summit team consisted of Zhāng Jùnyán 张俊岩 , Wáng Fùzhōu 王富洲 , Wū Zōngyuè 邬宗岳 , Chén Sān 陈三 , Soinam Dorjê ( Suǒnán Duōjí 索南多吉 ) eos
was first climbed on May 2 , 1964 by a Chinese expedition led by Xǔ Jìng 许竞 . In addition to Xǔ Jìng , the summit team consisted of Zhāng Jùnyán 张俊岩 , Wáng Fùzhōu 王富洲 , Wū Zōngyuè 邬宗岳 , Chén Sān 陈三 , Soinam Dorjê ( Suǒnán Duōjí 索南多吉 ) , Chéng Tiānliàng 程天亮 , Migmar Zhaxi eos
, including noted American alpinist Alex Lowe and veteran Portuguese climber Bruno Carvalho . Nevertheless , Shishapangma is one of the easiest eight - thousanders to climb . The standard route ascends from the north side , and boasts relatively easy access , with vehicle travel possible to base camp at 5,000 metres ( 16,400 feet ) . eos
is one of the easiest eight - thousanders to climb . The standard route ascends from the north side , and boasts relatively easy access , with vehicle travel possible to base camp at 5,000 metres ( 16,400 feet ) . More technically demanding are the routes on the steeper Southwest Face , which involve 2,200 metres ( 7,218 feet ) of ascent on a 50 degree slope . eos
is one of the high peaks of the Batura Muztagh , which is the westernmost subrange of the Karakoram range . Alternate forms of the name of Shispare are Shispare Sar and Shisparé Sar . eos
are Shispare Sar and Shisparé Sar . eos
( "" Russian : Шивелуч "" ) is the northernmost active volcano in Kamchatka Krai , Russia . Shiveluch is sometimes called Sheveluch ( Шевелуч ) or Sopka Shiveluch . eos
is sometimes called Sheveluch ( Шевелуч ) or Sopka Shiveluch . Shiveluch began forming about 60,000 to 70,000 years ago , and Shiveluch has had at least 60 large eruptions during the Holocene . eos
began forming about 60,000 to 70,000 years ago , and Shiveluch has had at least 60 large eruptions during the Holocene . eos
has had at least 60 large eruptions during the Holocene . eos
is the highest point in the nation of Georgia . Located in the Svaneti region along the Russian frontier , Shkhara lies north of the city of Kutaisi , Georgia 's second largest city . The summit lies in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range , to the south - east of Mount Elbrus , Europe 's highest mountain . eos
lies north of the city of Kutaisi , Georgia 's second largest city . The summit lies in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range , to the south - east of Mount Elbrus , Europe 's highest mountain . Shkhara is the third highest peak in the Caucasus , just behind Dykh - Tau . eos
is the third highest peak in the Caucasus , just behind Dykh - Tau . Shkhara is the high point and the eastern anchor of a massif known as the Bezingi ( or Bezengi ) Wall , a long ridge . eos
is the high point and the eastern anchor of a massif known as the Bezingi ( or Bezengi ) Wall , a long ridge . Shkhara is a large , steep peak in a heavily glaciated region , and Shkhara presents serious challenges to mountaineers . eos
is a large , steep peak in a heavily glaciated region , and Shkhara presents serious challenges to mountaineers . Shkhara North Face ( on the Russian side ) is high and contains several classic difficult routes . The significant subsummit Shkhara West , 5068 m , is a climbing objective in its own right , and a traverse of the entire Bezingi Wall is considered ` ` Europe 's longest , most arduous , and most committing expedition . '' eos
presents serious challenges to mountaineers . Shkhara North Face ( on the Russian side ) is high and contains several classic difficult routes . The significant subsummit Shkhara West , 5068 m , is a climbing objective in its own right , and a traverse of the entire Bezingi Wall is considered ` ` Europe 's longest , most arduous , and most committing expedition . '' eos
North Face ( on the Russian side ) is high and contains several classic difficult routes . The significant subsummit Shkhara West , 5068 m , is a climbing objective in its own right , and a traverse of the entire Bezingi Wall is considered ` ` Europe 's longest , most arduous , and most committing expedition . '' Shkhara was first climbed in 1888 via the North East Ridge route , by the British / Swiss team of U Almer , J Cockin and C Roth . eos
was first climbed in 1888 via the North East Ridge route , by the British / Swiss team of U Almer , J Cockin and C Roth . This route is still one of the easier and more popular routes on Shkhara . The first complete traverse of the Bezingi Wall was in 1931 , by the Austrians K Poppinger , K Moldan , and S Schintlmeister . eos
. The first complete traverse of the Bezingi Wall was in 1931 , by the Austrians K Poppinger , K Moldan , and S Schintlmeister . Climbing on the Russian side of the massif is facilitated by the presence of the Bezengi Camp , a well - equipped base camp featuring huts , cottages , a library , and a sauna . eos
is climbed by ` ` only a handful of people '' each year , due to Shkhara difficulty , size , and remoteness . eos
difficulty , size , and remoteness . eos
( officially known as the Shota Rustaveli Peak ) is a mountain in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range , straddling the border of Svaneti ( Georgia ) and Kabardino - Balkaria ( Russia ) . The elevation of Shota_Rustaveli_Peak is 4,860 meters ( 15,940 ft . ) . Shota_Rustaveli_Peak is generally considered to be the 9th highest peak of the Caucasus . eos
is 4,860 meters ( 15,940 ft . ) . Shota_Rustaveli_Peak is generally considered to be the 9th highest peak of the Caucasus . The slopes of Shota_Rustaveli_Peak are glaciated and some of the glaciers descend well into the adjacent valleys . eos
is generally considered to be the 9th highest peak of the Caucasus . The slopes of Shota_Rustaveli_Peak are glaciated and some of the glaciers descend well into the adjacent valleys . eos
are glaciated and some of the glaciers descend well into the adjacent valleys . eos
( also , and perhaps more properly , called Cerro La Negra ) is a companion peak of Mexico 's highest mountain , the Pico de Orizaba . At 4640 m above sea level ( depending on which source one consults ) Sierra_Negra is one of Mexico 's highest peaks , perhaps even the fourth highest . However , because Sierra_Negra is overshadowed by Sierra_Negra much higher companion Sierra_Negra is not as well known as , for instance , the slightly lower Matlalcueitl , and Sierra_Negra is often not included in lists of Mexico 's mountains . eos
is one of Mexico 's highest peaks , perhaps even the fourth highest . However , because Sierra_Negra is overshadowed by Sierra_Negra much higher companion Sierra_Negra is not as well known as , for instance , the slightly lower Matlalcueitl , and Sierra_Negra is often not included in lists of Mexico 's mountains . The summit of Sierra_Negra is the site for one of the world 's premier astronomical instruments , the Large Millimeter Telescope . eos
is overshadowed by Sierra_Negra much higher companion Sierra_Negra is not as well known as , for instance , the slightly lower Matlalcueitl , and Sierra_Negra is often not included in lists of Mexico 's mountains . The summit of Sierra_Negra is the site for one of the world 's premier astronomical instruments , the Large Millimeter Telescope . The service road for this project is claimed to be the highest road in North America . eos
much higher companion Sierra_Negra is not as well known as , for instance , the slightly lower Matlalcueitl , and Sierra_Negra is often not included in lists of Mexico 's mountains . The summit of Sierra_Negra is the site for one of the world 's premier astronomical instruments , the Large Millimeter Telescope . The service road for this project is claimed to be the highest road in North America . eos
is not as well known as , for instance , the slightly lower Matlalcueitl , and Sierra_Negra is often not included in lists of Mexico 's mountains . The summit of Sierra_Negra is the site for one of the world 's premier astronomical instruments , the Large Millimeter Telescope . The service road for this project is claimed to be the highest road in North America . eos
is often not included in lists of Mexico 's mountains . The summit of Sierra_Negra is the site for one of the world 's premier astronomical instruments , the Large Millimeter Telescope . The service road for this project is claimed to be the highest road in North America . eos
is the site for one of the world 's premier astronomical instruments , the Large Millimeter Telescope . The service road for this project is claimed to be the highest road in North America . A part of the telescope facility is visible as a white dot in the first picture below and more clearly in the second picture . eos
, along the border of the states of Puebla and Veracruz . However , it is the name that occurs on the official INEGI maps and is the one that is most commonly used by English speakers to refer to Sierra_Negra . Speakers of Orizaba Nahuatl call Sierra_Negra Istaktepetl ikni ` The Brother ( or Sister ) of the White Mountain ' ( the Pico de Orizaba being , of course , the White Mountain ) . eos
. Speakers of Orizaba Nahuatl call Sierra_Negra Istaktepetl ikni ` The Brother ( or Sister ) of the White Mountain ' ( the Pico de Orizaba being , of course , the White Mountain ) . eos
Istaktepetl ikni ` The Brother ( or Sister ) of the White Mountain ' ( the Pico de Orizaba being , of course , the White Mountain ) . eos
is a massive Pleistocene stratovolcano located immediately southwest of the Antuco volcano , in the Bío - Bío Region of Chile . Sierra_Velluda has two main summits and Sierra_Velluda is the tallest mountain in Laguna del Laja National Park . eos
has two main summits and Sierra_Velluda is the tallest mountain in Laguna del Laja National Park . eos
is the tallest mountain in Laguna del Laja National Park . eos
is the highest point in Belgium , located in the High Fens ( Hautes Fagnes in French ) , at 694 m. Signal_de_Botrange is the top of a broad plateau , and a road crosses Signal_de_Botrange , passing an adjacent café . In 1923 , the six - metre - high Baltia tower was built on Signal_de_Botrange to allow visitors to reach an altitude of 700 m . A stone tower built in 1934 reaches 718 m. eos
is the top of a broad plateau , and a road crosses Signal_de_Botrange , passing an adjacent café . In 1923 , the six - metre - high Baltia tower was built on Signal_de_Botrange to allow visitors to reach an altitude of 700 m . A stone tower built in 1934 reaches 718 m. eos
, passing an adjacent café . In 1923 , the six - metre - high Baltia tower was built on Signal_de_Botrange to allow visitors to reach an altitude of 700 m . A stone tower built in 1934 reaches 718 m. eos
to allow visitors to reach an altitude of 700 m . A stone tower built in 1934 reaches 718 m. At the height of winter Signal_de_Botrange is used as the start of a number of cross - country skiing routes . eos
is used as the start of a number of cross - country skiing routes . eos
( also known as Punta Gnifetti ) ( 4,554 m ) is a peak of the Monte Rosa massif in the Pennine Alps in Italy and Switzerland . Signalkuppe is named after ` the Signal ' , a prominent gendarme atop the east ridge . eos
is named after ` the Signal ' , a prominent gendarme atop the east ridge . The first ascent was by Giovanni Gnifetti , a parish priest from Alagna Valsesia , together with J Farinetti , C Ferraris , C Grober , J and G Giordiano and porters on 9 august 1842 . The highest hut in Europe , the Margherita hut ( named after Italy 's Queen consort Margherita of Savoy ) lies on the summit of Signalkuppe . eos
. Work started in 1890 , supported by the Italian crown , and Queen Margherita opened it in 1893 . The new hut , a high - altitude Faraday Cage , is clad in sheet copper to shield against unwanted electrical fields . eos
, or Skilbrum , is a mountain in the Karakoram range in Northern Areas of Pakistan , approximately 9 km ( 5 mi ) west - southwest of K2 . Skil_Brum lies on the western side of the Godwin - Austen Glacier , roughly opposite Broad Peak . eos
lies on the western side of the Godwin - Austen Glacier , roughly opposite Broad Peak . In 1957 , Marcus Schmuck and Fritz Wintersteller made a flash first ascent of Skil_Brum , in pure Alpine style . Starting from base camp of Broad Peak at 4,950 metres , they camped at 6,060 metres , made the summit the next day , then camped again at 6,060 metres , and then returned to base camp the next morning . eos
, in pure Alpine style . Starting from base camp of Broad Peak at 4,950 metres , they camped at 6,060 metres , made the summit the next day , then camped again at 6,060 metres , and then returned to base camp the next morning . The whole ascent , from base camp to base camp was done in 53 hours , a startlingly short time for a major Himalayan ascent in that era . eos
, or Staircase Peak , is a high peak of the Baltoro Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range . Skyang_Kangri lies on the Pakistan - China border , about 7 km northeast of K2 , the world 's second - highest mountain . The name ` ` Staircase Peak '' refers to the East Ridge , which resembles a giant staircase with five steps . eos
lies on the Pakistan - China border , about 7 km northeast of K2 , the world 's second - highest mountain . The name ` ` Staircase Peak '' refers to the East Ridge , which resembles a giant staircase with five steps . Skyang_Kangri was first attempted by the party of renowned climber and explorer Luigi Amadeo di Savoia , the Duke of the Abruzzi , in 1909 , during an expedition to K2 . eos
was first attempted by the party of renowned climber and explorer Luigi Amadeo di Savoia , the Duke of the Abruzzi , in 1909 , during an expedition to K2 . They attempted the East Ridge , as did a subsequent failed attempt in 1975 , in which one climber died and one had to be evacuated by helicopter . The first ascent was made in 1976 by a Japanese expedition , climbing the East Ridge without major incident . eos
, but reached only about 7,070 metres . According to the Index , there have been no subsequent attempts on Skyang_Kangri . eos
. eos
( Manx : Sniaul ) is the highest mountain and the only summit higher than 2000 feet on the Isle of Man . It is said that on a clear day six kingdoms can be seen from the top ( England , Ireland , Scotland , Wales , the Isle of Man and the Kingdom of Heaven itself ) . eos
, and is the highest section of the Snaefell mountain course over which the Isle of Man TT Races are held . There are mountains in Iceland called Snæfell ( note the slightly different spelling ) , including the mountain under the famous Snæfellsjökull glacier . eos
is a stratovolcano with a glacier ( Icelandic : jökull ) covering Snaefellsjoekull summit in western Iceland . The name of Snaefellsjoekull is actually Snæfell , but Snaefellsjoekull is normally called ` ` Snæfellsjökull '' to discern Snaefellsjoekull from two other mountains with this name . Snaefellsjoekull is situated on the most western part of the Snæfellsnes peninsula in Iceland . eos
summit in western Iceland . The name of Snaefellsjoekull is actually Snæfell , but Snaefellsjoekull is normally called ` ` Snæfellsjökull '' to discern Snaefellsjoekull from two other mountains with this name . Snaefellsjoekull is situated on the most western part of the Snæfellsnes peninsula in Iceland . eos
is actually Snæfell , but Snaefellsjoekull is normally called ` ` Snæfellsjökull '' to discern Snaefellsjoekull from two other mountains with this name . Snaefellsjoekull is situated on the most western part of the Snæfellsnes peninsula in Iceland . Sometimes Snaefellsjoekull may be seen from the city of Reykjavík over the bay of Faxaflói , at a distance of 120 km . eos
is normally called ` ` Snæfellsjökull '' to discern Snaefellsjoekull from two other mountains with this name . Snaefellsjoekull is situated on the most western part of the Snæfellsnes peninsula in Iceland . Sometimes Snaefellsjoekull may be seen from the city of Reykjavík over the bay of Faxaflói , at a distance of 120 km . eos
from two other mountains with this name . Snaefellsjoekull is situated on the most western part of the Snæfellsnes peninsula in Iceland . Sometimes Snaefellsjoekull may be seen from the city of Reykjavík over the bay of Faxaflói , at a distance of 120 km . eos
is situated on the most western part of the Snæfellsnes peninsula in Iceland . Sometimes Snaefellsjoekull may be seen from the city of Reykjavík over the bay of Faxaflói , at a distance of 120 km . Snaefellsjoekull is one of the most famous sites of Iceland , primarily due to the novel Journey to the Center of the Earth ( 1864 ) , by Jules Verne , in which the protagonists find the entrance to a passage leading to the center of the earth on Snaefellsjoekull . eos
may be seen from the city of Reykjavík over the bay of Faxaflói , at a distance of 120 km . Snaefellsjoekull is one of the most famous sites of Iceland , primarily due to the novel Journey to the Center of the Earth ( 1864 ) , by Jules Verne , in which the protagonists find the entrance to a passage leading to the center of the earth on Snaefellsjoekull . Snaefellsjoekull is included in the Snæfellsjökull National Park ( Icelandic : Þjóðgarðurinn Snæfellsjökull ) . eos
is one of the most famous sites of Iceland , primarily due to the novel Journey to the Center of the Earth ( 1864 ) , by Jules Verne , in which the protagonists find the entrance to a passage leading to the center of the earth on Snaefellsjoekull . Snaefellsjoekull is included in the Snæfellsjökull National Park ( Icelandic : Þjóðgarðurinn Snæfellsjökull ) . eos
. Snaefellsjoekull is included in the Snæfellsjökull National Park ( Icelandic : Þjóðgarðurinn Snæfellsjökull ) . eos
is included in the Snæfellsjökull National Park ( Icelandic : Þjóðgarðurinn Snæfellsjökull ) . eos
is a mountain located on the Continental Divide in the Columbia Icefield of Jasper National Park , on the border between Alberta and British Columbia , Canada . Snow_Dome_Canada was named in 1898 by J Norman Collie because Snow_Dome_Canada snow - capped massif resembles a dome . Snow_Dome_Canada , reaching a height of 3,456 m ( 11,339 ft ) , is a hydrological apex of North America as water from Snow_Dome_Canada flows into rivers that drain into the Pacific Ocean ( via the Columbia River ) , the Arctic Ocean ( via the Athabasca River ) , and Hudson Bay ( via the North Saskatchewan River ) . eos
was named in 1898 by J Norman Collie because Snow_Dome_Canada snow - capped massif resembles a dome . Snow_Dome_Canada , reaching a height of 3,456 m ( 11,339 ft ) , is a hydrological apex of North America as water from Snow_Dome_Canada flows into rivers that drain into the Pacific Ocean ( via the Columbia River ) , the Arctic Ocean ( via the Athabasca River ) , and Hudson Bay ( via the North Saskatchewan River ) . The Dome Glacier flows to the north - east , the Stutfield Glacier to the north - west , the Columbia Glacier to the west and Athabasca Glacier flows to the east of Snow_Dome_Canada . eos
snow - capped massif resembles a dome . Snow_Dome_Canada , reaching a height of 3,456 m ( 11,339 ft ) , is a hydrological apex of North America as water from Snow_Dome_Canada flows into rivers that drain into the Pacific Ocean ( via the Columbia River ) , the Arctic Ocean ( via the Athabasca River ) , and Hudson Bay ( via the North Saskatchewan River ) . The Dome Glacier flows to the north - east , the Stutfield Glacier to the north - west , the Columbia Glacier to the west and Athabasca Glacier flows to the east of Snow_Dome_Canada . eos
, reaching a height of 3,456 m ( 11,339 ft ) , is a hydrological apex of North America as water from Snow_Dome_Canada flows into rivers that drain into the Pacific Ocean ( via the Columbia River ) , the Arctic Ocean ( via the Athabasca River ) , and Hudson Bay ( via the North Saskatchewan River ) . The Dome Glacier flows to the north - east , the Stutfield Glacier to the north - west , the Columbia Glacier to the west and Athabasca Glacier flows to the east of Snow_Dome_Canada . eos
flows into rivers that drain into the Pacific Ocean ( via the Columbia River ) , the Arctic Ocean ( via the Athabasca River ) , and Hudson Bay ( via the North Saskatchewan River ) . The Dome Glacier flows to the north - east , the Stutfield Glacier to the north - west , the Columbia Glacier to the west and Athabasca Glacier flows to the east of Snow_Dome_Canada . eos
. eos
is a fourteen thousand foot mountain in the US state of Colorado . Snowmass_Mountain is the thirty - fourth highest mountain peak in the state . Snowmass_Mountain is located in the Elk Mountains , within the Maroon Bells - Snowmass Wilderness of the White River National Forest . eos
is the thirty - fourth highest mountain peak in the state . Snowmass_Mountain is located in the Elk Mountains , within the Maroon Bells - Snowmass Wilderness of the White River National Forest . Snowmass_Mountain lies along the border between Pitkin and Gunnison counties , west of Aspen and southwest of the town of Snowmass Village . eos
is located in the Elk Mountains , within the Maroon Bells - Snowmass Wilderness of the White River National Forest . Snowmass_Mountain lies along the border between Pitkin and Gunnison counties , west of Aspen and southwest of the town of Snowmass Village . Snowmass_Mountain is named for the large snowfield that lies on Snowmass_Mountain eastern slopes . eos
lies along the border between Pitkin and Gunnison counties , west of Aspen and southwest of the town of Snowmass Village . Snowmass_Mountain is named for the large snowfield that lies on Snowmass_Mountain eastern slopes . Snowmass_Mountain should not be confused with the Snowmass ski area , located outside Snowmass Village ; nor with nearby Snowmass Peak , a lower but more visually striking peak that towers over Snowmass Lake . eos
is named for the large snowfield that lies on Snowmass_Mountain eastern slopes . Snowmass_Mountain should not be confused with the Snowmass ski area , located outside Snowmass Village ; nor with nearby Snowmass Peak , a lower but more visually striking peak that towers over Snowmass Lake . Hagerman Peak sits between Snowmass_Mountain and Snowmass Peak and is also often mistaken for Snowmass_Mountain . eos
eastern slopes . Snowmass_Mountain should not be confused with the Snowmass ski area , located outside Snowmass Village ; nor with nearby Snowmass Peak , a lower but more visually striking peak that towers over Snowmass Lake . Hagerman Peak sits between Snowmass_Mountain and Snowmass Peak and is also often mistaken for Snowmass_Mountain . eos
should not be confused with the Snowmass ski area , located outside Snowmass Village ; nor with nearby Snowmass Peak , a lower but more visually striking peak that towers over Snowmass Lake . Hagerman Peak sits between Snowmass_Mountain and Snowmass Peak and is also often mistaken for Snowmass_Mountain . eos
and Snowmass Peak and is also often mistaken for Snowmass_Mountain . eos
. eos
is a stratovolcano at the border of Argentina and Chile . A large composite complex , Socompa is best known for Socompa large debris avalanche deposit , widely accepted as the best preserved example of this type deposit in the world . Socompa is difficult to reach - either from the north along dirt tracks south of the Miscanti Pass , or from the west via the Escondida copper mine . eos
is best known for Socompa large debris avalanche deposit , widely accepted as the best preserved example of this type deposit in the world . Socompa is difficult to reach - either from the north along dirt tracks south of the Miscanti Pass , or from the west via the Escondida copper mine . Both routes require a full - day 's driving and for any reasonable amount of time to be spent at Socompa would need significant planning . eos
large debris avalanche deposit , widely accepted as the best preserved example of this type deposit in the world . Socompa is difficult to reach - either from the north along dirt tracks south of the Miscanti Pass , or from the west via the Escondida copper mine . Both routes require a full - day 's driving and for any reasonable amount of time to be spent at Socompa would need significant planning . eos
is difficult to reach - either from the north along dirt tracks south of the Miscanti Pass , or from the west via the Escondida copper mine . Both routes require a full - day 's driving and for any reasonable amount of time to be spent at Socompa would need significant planning . The western rim of Socompa borders the Monturaqui Basin , which is draped with the large debris avalanche deposit . eos
would need significant planning . The western rim of Socompa borders the Monturaqui Basin , which is draped with the large debris avalanche deposit . Escondida mining currently has a network of roads covering this area , from beneath which they pump ground water for use at the nearby copper mine . eos
borders the Monturaqui Basin , which is draped with the large debris avalanche deposit . Escondida mining currently has a network of roads covering this area , from beneath which they pump ground water for use at the nearby copper mine . The southern margin of the deposit is bordered by the Antofagasta to Salta eos
is a mountain in Slovenian Julian Alps . Spik summit is at 2,472 m ( 8110 feet ) above sea level . Spik has been named after Spik pointed shape . eos
summit is at 2,472 m ( 8110 feet ) above sea level . Spik has been named after Spik pointed shape . eos
has been named after Spik pointed shape . eos
pointed shape . eos
is a peak in the Sierra Nevada in the US state of California , near the southeast end of the Palisades group of peaks . Split_Mountain north summit rises to 14,064 feet ( 4,287 m ) , and is the eighth highest peak in the state . The name Split Mountain , inspired by the shape of Split_Mountain double summit , was first coined by mountaineer Bolton Brown in 1895 . eos
north summit rises to 14,064 feet ( 4,287 m ) , and is the eighth highest peak in the state . The name Split Mountain , inspired by the shape of Split_Mountain double summit , was first coined by mountaineer Bolton Brown in 1895 . Alternately , Split_Mountain has been called Southeast Palisade or South Palisade . eos
double summit , was first coined by mountaineer Bolton Brown in 1895 . Alternately , Split_Mountain has been called Southeast Palisade or South Palisade . The two toned appearance of Split_Mountain eastern face is created by a roof pendant of darker colored granodiorite atop a lighter colored body of leucogranite . eos
has been called Southeast Palisade or South Palisade . The two toned appearance of Split_Mountain eastern face is created by a roof pendant of darker colored granodiorite atop a lighter colored body of leucogranite . Split_Mountain is one of the easier California fourteeners to climb . eos
eastern face is created by a roof pendant of darker colored granodiorite atop a lighter colored body of leucogranite . Split_Mountain is one of the easier California fourteeners to climb . The least technical route is the class 2 north slope , which can be approached from the west or east . eos
is one of the easier California fourteeners to climb . The least technical route is the class 2 north slope , which can be approached from the west or east . Joseph LeConte , Helen LeConte and Curtis Lindley took the simple western approach from Upper Basin when they climbed Split_Mountain on july 23 , 1902 . eos
on july 23 , 1902 . A more common route to the north face is from the east , by way of Red Lake . Starting at the Red Lake trailhead , this trail covers 6 miles ( 10 km ) with 4,000 feet ( 1,220 m ) of elevation gain one way to the lake . eos
. eos
is a mountain located in the northeastern section of Kootenay National Park . Stanley_Peak was named in 1901 by Edward Whymper after Frederick Stanley , the sixth governor - general of Canada . Stanley_Peak is visible from the Trans - Canada Highway and Highway 93 . eos
was named in 1901 by Edward Whymper after Frederick Stanley , the sixth governor - general of Canada . Stanley_Peak is visible from the Trans - Canada Highway and Highway 93 . Stanley Glacier on the northeast face of Stanley_Peak can be seen up close by following a hiking trail into a hanging valley between Stanley_Peak and a southern outlier of Storm Mountain . eos
is visible from the Trans - Canada Highway and Highway 93 . Stanley Glacier on the northeast face of Stanley_Peak can be seen up close by following a hiking trail into a hanging valley between Stanley_Peak and a southern outlier of Storm Mountain . Stanley_Peak can be ascended from a scrambling route by late summer but involves much routefinding among the many ledges and gullies on the north face . eos
can be seen up close by following a hiking trail into a hanging valley between Stanley_Peak and a southern outlier of Storm Mountain . Stanley_Peak can be ascended from a scrambling route by late summer but involves much routefinding among the many ledges and gullies on the north face . Climbing routes ( UIAA III ) travel the north and northeast faces . eos
and a southern outlier of Storm Mountain . Stanley_Peak can be ascended from a scrambling route by late summer but involves much routefinding among the many ledges and gullies on the north face . Climbing routes ( UIAA III ) travel the north and northeast faces . eos
can be ascended from a scrambling route by late summer but involves much routefinding among the many ledges and gullies on the north face . Climbing routes ( UIAA III ) travel the north and northeast faces . eos
is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , in the US state of Wyoming . Located .48 miles ( .77 km ) southeast of Buck Mountain , the summit is also east of the Alaska Basin Trail , from a point known as Static Peak Divide , the summit can be climbed in a scramble . Below the summit on the north face , a small remnant glacier persists , sheltered from direct sunlight by steep cliffs . eos
( 4,241 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . Stecknadelhorn lies on the Nadelgrat , a high - level ridge running roughly north - south above the resort of Saas Fee to the east , and the Mattertal to the west . Stecknadelhorn was first climbed by Oscar Eckenstein and Matthias Zurbriggen on 8 august 1887 . eos
lies on the Nadelgrat , a high - level ridge running roughly north - south above the resort of Saas Fee to the east , and the Mattertal to the west . Stecknadelhorn was first climbed by Oscar Eckenstein and Matthias Zurbriggen on 8 august 1887 . eos
was first climbed by Oscar Eckenstein and Matthias Zurbriggen on 8 august 1887 . eos
is along the west bank of the Hudson River south of Cornwall - on - Hudson , New York . Storm_King_Mountain distinctive curved ridge is the most prominent aspect of the view south down Newburgh Bay , from Newburgh , Beacon and the Newburgh - Beacon Bridge . Together with Breakneck Ridge on the opposite bank of the river Storm_King_Mountain forms ` ` Wey - Gat '' or Wind Gate , the picturesque northern gateway to the Hudson Highlands . eos
distinctive curved ridge is the most prominent aspect of the view south down Newburgh Bay , from Newburgh , Beacon and the Newburgh - Beacon Bridge . Together with Breakneck Ridge on the opposite bank of the river Storm_King_Mountain forms ` ` Wey - Gat '' or Wind Gate , the picturesque northern gateway to the Hudson Highlands . Storm_King_Mountain can also be seen by southbound travelers on nearby sections of the New York State Thruway . eos
forms ` ` Wey - Gat '' or Wind Gate , the picturesque northern gateway to the Hudson Highlands . Storm_King_Mountain can also be seen by southbound travelers on nearby sections of the New York State Thruway . This view was popular with early artists of the Hudson River School , and helped give them their name . eos
can also be seen by southbound travelers on nearby sections of the New York State Thruway . This view was popular with early artists of the Hudson River School , and helped give them their name . While thought of as the highest in the area , Storm_King_Mountain summit reaching approximately 1,340 feet ( 408 m ) above sea level , the eastern summit unofficially known as Butter Hill is actually higher , at 1,380 feet ( 421 m ) in elevation . eos
summit reaching approximately 1,340 feet ( 408 m ) above sea level , the eastern summit unofficially known as Butter Hill is actually higher , at 1,380 feet ( 421 m ) in elevation . eos
( 4,190 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . eos
( in Portuguese , Pão de Açúcar ) , is a peak situated in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from the mouth of Guanabara Bay on a peninsula that sticks out into the Atlantic Ocean . Rising 396 m above sea - level , Sugarloaf_Mountain_Brazil name is said to refer to Sugarloaf_Mountain_Brazil resemblance to the traditional shape of concentrated refined loaf sugar . However , it is believed by some that the name actually derives from Pau - nh - acuqua ( ` ` high hill '' ) in the Tupi - Guarani language , as used by the indigenous Tamoios . eos
name is said to refer to Sugarloaf_Mountain_Brazil resemblance to the traditional shape of concentrated refined loaf sugar . However , it is believed by some that the name actually derives from Pau - nh - acuqua ( ` ` high hill '' ) in the Tupi - Guarani language , as used by the indigenous Tamoios . Sugarloaf_Mountain_Brazil is only one of several monolithic morros of granite and quartz that rise straight from the water 's edge around Rio de Janeiro . eos
resemblance to the traditional shape of concentrated refined loaf sugar . However , it is believed by some that the name actually derives from Pau - nh - acuqua ( ` ` high hill '' ) in the Tupi - Guarani language , as used by the indigenous Tamoios . Sugarloaf_Mountain_Brazil is only one of several monolithic morros of granite and quartz that rise straight from the water 's edge around Rio de Janeiro . eos
is only one of several monolithic morros of granite and quartz that rise straight from the water 's edge around Rio de Janeiro . A glass - paneled cable car ( in popular Portuguese , bondinho - more properly called teleférico ) , capable of holding 75 passengers , runs along a 1400-metre route between the peaks of Babilônia and Urca every half hour . The original cable car line was built in 1912 . eos
, the mere sight of Sugarloaf_Mountain_Brazil in a film is sufficient to establish the setting as Rio . eos
in a film is sufficient to establish the setting as Rio . eos
is a fourteener in the Needle Mountains , a subrange of the San Juan Mountains in the US state of Colorado . Sunlight_Peak is located in the Weminuche Wilderness ( part of the San Juan National Forest ) in La Plata County approximately 13 miles ( 21 km ) south of Silverton . Sunlight_Peak is one of three fourteeners in the Needle Mountains ; the other two are Mount Eolus and Windom Peak . eos
is located in the Weminuche Wilderness ( part of the San Juan National Forest ) in La Plata County approximately 13 miles ( 21 km ) south of Silverton . Sunlight_Peak is one of three fourteeners in the Needle Mountains ; the other two are Mount Eolus and Windom Peak . Windom and Sunlight lie on the east side of Twin Lakes , in upper Chicago Basin , while Eolus lies on the west side . eos
is one of three fourteeners in the Needle Mountains ; the other two are Mount Eolus and Windom Peak . Windom and Sunlight lie on the east side of Twin Lakes , in upper Chicago Basin , while Eolus lies on the west side . All three peaks are relatively remote by Colorado standards , and have a strong wilderness character ; however they can be popular in summer . eos
is from the south , known as the ` ` Red Couloir '' . It is a non - technical scramble , but achieving the top of the summit block does require an exposed rock climbing move . eos
is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the US state of Colorado . Sunshine_Peak is located in the San Juan Mountains in Hinsdale County approximately 9 miles ( 14 km ) south west of Lake City , and about 1 mi ( 1.6 km ) south of Redcloud Peak . Sunshine_Peak rises on the north side of the Lake Fork of the Gunnison River . eos
is located in the San Juan Mountains in Hinsdale County approximately 9 miles ( 14 km ) south west of Lake City , and about 1 mi ( 1.6 km ) south of Redcloud Peak . Sunshine_Peak rises on the north side of the Lake Fork of the Gunnison River . Sunshine_Peak has the dubious distinction of being the lowest of Colorado 's 54 official fourteeners . eos
rises on the north side of the Lake Fork of the Gunnison River . Sunshine_Peak has the dubious distinction of being the lowest of Colorado 's 54 official fourteeners . Sunshine_Peak is also not particularly independent from Sunshine_Peak higher neighbor Redcloud Peak , with a topographic prominence of 501 ft ( 153 m ) ( the minimum standard for an independent fourteener is 300 ft , or 91 m ) . eos
has the dubious distinction of being the lowest of Colorado 's 54 official fourteeners . Sunshine_Peak is also not particularly independent from Sunshine_Peak higher neighbor Redcloud Peak , with a topographic prominence of 501 ft ( 153 m ) ( the minimum standard for an independent fourteener is 300 ft , or 91 m ) . However Sunshine_Peak has more and steeper local relief than many of the other fourteeners . eos
is also not particularly independent from Sunshine_Peak higher neighbor Redcloud Peak , with a topographic prominence of 501 ft ( 153 m ) ( the minimum standard for an independent fourteener is 300 ft , or 91 m ) . However Sunshine_Peak has more and steeper local relief than many of the other fourteeners . For example , Sunshine_Peak rises 4,450 ft ( 1,356 m ) above the townsite of Sherman to the south in only 1.2 mi ( 2 km ) . eos
higher neighbor Redcloud Peak , with a topographic prominence of 501 ft ( 153 m ) ( the minimum standard for an independent fourteener is 300 ft , or 91 m ) . However Sunshine_Peak has more and steeper local relief than many of the other fourteeners . For example , Sunshine_Peak rises 4,450 ft ( 1,356 m ) above the townsite of Sherman to the south in only 1.2 mi ( 2 km ) . eos
has more and steeper local relief than many of the other fourteeners . For example , Sunshine_Peak rises 4,450 ft ( 1,356 m ) above the townsite of Sherman to the south in only 1.2 mi ( 2 km ) . eos
rises 4,450 ft ( 1,356 m ) above the townsite of Sherman to the south in only 1.2 mi ( 2 km ) . eos
is a peak located in the Sunwapta River valley of Jasper National Park , just north of the Columbia Icefield . Sunwapta_Peak was named in 1892 after the Stoney Indian word ` ` Sunwapta '' meaning ` ` turbulent river '' . Sunwapta_Peak can be seen from the Icefields Parkway ( Highway 93 ) . eos
was named in 1892 after the Stoney Indian word ` ` Sunwapta '' meaning ` ` turbulent river '' . Sunwapta_Peak can be seen from the Icefields Parkway ( Highway 93 ) . eos
can be seen from the Icefields Parkway ( Highway 93 ) . eos
is one of the fourteeners of the US state of Colorado . Tabeguache_Peak is a near neighbor of the higher peak Mount Shavano , which lies approximately 1/2 mile ( approximately 1 km ) to the southeast , and Tabeguache_Peak is close to being a subpeak of the latter . Tabeguache_Peak name is pronounced ` ` tab - uh - wash , '' with the accent on the first syllable . eos
is a near neighbor of the higher peak Mount Shavano , which lies approximately 1/2 mile ( approximately 1 km ) to the southeast , and Tabeguache_Peak is close to being a subpeak of the latter . Tabeguache_Peak name is pronounced ` ` tab - uh - wash , '' with the accent on the first syllable . Tabeguache_Peak lies just east of the Continental Divide and just west of the Arkansas River , in the south - central part of the Sawatch Range . eos
is close to being a subpeak of the latter . Tabeguache_Peak name is pronounced ` ` tab - uh - wash , '' with the accent on the first syllable . Tabeguache_Peak lies just east of the Continental Divide and just west of the Arkansas River , in the south - central part of the Sawatch Range . eos
name is pronounced ` ` tab - uh - wash , '' with the accent on the first syllable . Tabeguache_Peak lies just east of the Continental Divide and just west of the Arkansas River , in the south - central part of the Sawatch Range . Tabeguache_Peak is located within the San Isabel National Forest and Tabeguache_Peak is in Chaffee County . eos
lies just east of the Continental Divide and just west of the Arkansas River , in the south - central part of the Sawatch Range . Tabeguache_Peak is located within the San Isabel National Forest and Tabeguache_Peak is in Chaffee County . eos
is located within the San Isabel National Forest and Tabeguache_Peak is in Chaffee County . eos
is in Chaffee County . eos
is a flat - topped mountain forming a prominent landmark overlooking the city of Cape Town in South Africa . Table_Mountain is a significant tourist attraction , with many visitors using the cableway to take a ride to the top . Table_Mountain forms part of the Table Mountain National Park . eos
is a significant tourist attraction , with many visitors using the cableway to take a ride to the top . Table_Mountain forms part of the Table Mountain National Park . eos
forms part of the Table Mountain National Park . eos
( 4,491 m ) is a mountain in the Mischabelhörner group of the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . The first ascent of Taeschhorn was by the Rev. John Llewelyn - Davies and Rev. J W. Hayward with guides Stefan and Johann Zumtaugwald and Peter - Josef Summermatter on 30 july 1862 . eos
was by the Rev. John Llewelyn - Davies and Rev. J W. Hayward with guides Stefan and Johann Zumtaugwald and Peter - Josef Summermatter on 30 july 1862 . eos
( in Persian : تفتان Taftân ) is an eroded stratovolcano in southeastern Iran situated in the Sistan and Baluchestan province . At nearly 4,000 meters ( 13,000 ft ) above sea level , Taftan_volcano is the highest mountain in southeastern Iran . eos
is the highest mountain in southeastern Iran . The nearest city is Khash . Taftan is a Persian word which means ` ` The Place of Heat '' . eos
is an inactive volcano , however sulphurous gases are emitted from fumaroles at Taftan_volcano summit . Taftan_volcano is usually ascended from west side where a well - equipped shelter has been built . There are very strong winds on Taftan_volcano . eos
summit . Taftan_volcano is usually ascended from west side where a well - equipped shelter has been built . There are very strong winds on Taftan_volcano . eos
is usually ascended from west side where a well - equipped shelter has been built . There are very strong winds on Taftan_volcano . It is difficult to climb Taftan_volcano during winters because of extreme cold and the winds which also cause the snow covering Taftan_volcano to become frozen and very hard . eos
. It is difficult to climb Taftan_volcano during winters because of extreme cold and the winds which also cause the snow covering Taftan_volcano to become frozen and very hard . eos
during winters because of extreme cold and the winds which also cause the snow covering Taftan_volcano to become frozen and very hard . eos
to become frozen and very hard . eos
( Chechen : Тебул - Мате лам , Tebul - Mate lam , "" Georgian : ტებულოს მთა "" , Tebulos mta , "" Russian : Тебулосмта "" ) is the highest mountain of the Eastern Caucasus and the highest mountain of the Chechen Republic at an elevation of 4,493 meters ( 14,737 feet ) above sea level . Tebulosmta is located on the border of Georgia and Chechnya to the east of Mount Kazbek . eos
is located on the border of Georgia and Chechnya to the east of Mount Kazbek . The glaciers of Tebulosmta are not large ( the total combined area of all of Tebulosmta glaciers is 3 square kilometers ) . eos
are not large ( the total combined area of all of Tebulosmta glaciers is 3 square kilometers ) . eos
glaciers is 3 square kilometers ) . eos
is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , immediately south of Grand Teton . Teepe_Pillar is the seventh highest in the Teton Range . Teepe_Pillar is separated from Grand Teton by a col which drops sharply to the east and west . eos
is the seventh highest in the Teton Range . Teepe_Pillar is separated from Grand Teton by a col which drops sharply to the east and west . Northeast of and well below the summit , the Teepe Glacier is situated in a cirque . eos
is separated from Grand Teton by a col which drops sharply to the east and west . Northeast of and well below the summit , the Teepe Glacier is situated in a cirque . From Jackson Hole , Teepe_Pillar is difficult to observe except from the northeast as Teepe_Pillar is hidden from view by Disappointment Peak . eos
is difficult to observe except from the northeast as Teepe_Pillar is hidden from view by Disappointment Peak . Best access to the summit is by way of Garnet Canyon to the Lower Saddle , a broad plateau which divides Grand Teton from Middle Teton . The summit is easiest to reach when approached from the west , however , true to Teepe_Pillar name , Teepe_Pillar is a steep technical climb from every direction , involving up to 5 pitches at Class 5.4 to reach the summit . eos
is hidden from view by Disappointment Peak . Best access to the summit is by way of Garnet Canyon to the Lower Saddle , a broad plateau which divides Grand Teton from Middle Teton . The summit is easiest to reach when approached from the west , however , true to Teepe_Pillar name , Teepe_Pillar is a steep technical climb from every direction , involving up to 5 pitches at Class 5.4 to reach the summit . eos
name , Teepe_Pillar is a steep technical climb from every direction , involving up to 5 pitches at Class 5.4 to reach the summit . eos
is a steep technical climb from every direction , involving up to 5 pitches at Class 5.4 to reach the summit . eos
is the sixth highest peak in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . The name of Teewinot_Mountain is derived from the Shoshone Native American word meaning ` ` many pinnacles '' . Teewinot_Mountain is immediately northeast of Grand Teton and the two are separated from one another by the Teton Glacier . eos
is derived from the Shoshone Native American word meaning ` ` many pinnacles '' . Teewinot_Mountain is immediately northeast of Grand Teton and the two are separated from one another by the Teton Glacier . Teewinot_Mountain rises more than 5,500 feet ( 1,675 m ) above of Jenny Lake . eos
is immediately northeast of Grand Teton and the two are separated from one another by the Teton Glacier . Teewinot_Mountain rises more than 5,500 feet ( 1,675 m ) above of Jenny Lake . The 40 mile ( 64 km ) long Teton Range is the youngest mountain chain in the Rocky Mountains , and began their uplift 9 million years ago , during the Miocene . eos
rises more than 5,500 feet ( 1,675 m ) above of Jenny Lake . The 40 mile ( 64 km ) long Teton Range is the youngest mountain chain in the Rocky Mountains , and began their uplift 9 million years ago , during the Miocene . Several periods of glaciation have carved Teewinot_Mountain and the other peaks of the range into their current shapes . eos
and the other peaks of the range into their current shapes . Along with a number of other high peaks in the central Teton Range , Teewinot_Mountain is part of what is known as the Cathedral Group , due to the similarity of the peaks to the spires of a cathedral . eos
is part of what is known as the Cathedral Group , due to the similarity of the peaks to the spires of a cathedral . eos
( pronounced ` ` Tay - dee '' ) or Pico del Teide , is a volcano on Tenerife , Canary Islands . Teide and Teide surrounds comprise the Parque Nacional del Teide , an 18900 ha national park that was named a World Heritage Site by UNESCO on june 29th , 2007 . At 3,718 metres ( 12,198 ft ) above sea level , and approximately 7,500 metres ( 25,000 ft ) above the adjacent sea bed , Teide is the highest mountain in Spain and the highest mountain in any Atlantic island . eos
and Teide surrounds comprise the Parque Nacional del Teide , an 18900 ha national park that was named a World Heritage Site by UNESCO on june 29th , 2007 . At 3,718 metres ( 12,198 ft ) above sea level , and approximately 7,500 metres ( 25,000 ft ) above the adjacent sea bed , Teide is the highest mountain in Spain and the highest mountain in any Atlantic island . ( Note : The actual summit stands higher than the triangulation station , and associated bench mark , which has an altitude of 3,715 m ( 12,188 ft ) ) . eos
surrounds comprise the Parque Nacional del Teide , an 18900 ha national park that was named a World Heritage Site by UNESCO on june 29th , 2007 . At 3,718 metres ( 12,198 ft ) above sea level , and approximately 7,500 metres ( 25,000 ft ) above the adjacent sea bed , Teide is the highest mountain in Spain and the highest mountain in any Atlantic island . ( Note : The actual summit stands higher than the triangulation station , and associated bench mark , which has an altitude of 3,715 m ( 12,188 ft ) ) . eos
is the highest mountain in Spain and the highest mountain in any Atlantic island . ( Note : The actual summit stands higher than the triangulation station , and associated bench mark , which has an altitude of 3,715 m ( 12,188 ft ) ) . The island of Tenerife itself is the third largest volcano by volume on Earth , making Tenerife the third largest volcanic island on Earth . eos
is also the third highest volcano on a volcanic ocean island . Due to Teide eruptive history and location close to population centres , Teide has been designated a Decade Volcano worthy of close study to prevent future natural disasters . eos
eruptive history and location close to population centres , Teide has been designated a Decade Volcano worthy of close study to prevent future natural disasters . eos
has been designated a Decade Volcano worthy of close study to prevent future natural disasters . eos
is the highest point within Death Valley National Park , in the US state of California . Telescope_Peak is also the highest point of the Panamint Range , and Telescope_Peak lies in Inyo County . From atop Telescope_Peak one can see for over one hundred miles in many directions , including west across Panamint Valley to Mount Whitney and the Sierra Nevada in California , and east across the Badwater Basin in Death Valley ( the lowest point in North America ) to Charleston Peak in the Spring Mountains of Nevada . eos
is also the highest point of the Panamint Range , and Telescope_Peak lies in Inyo County . From atop Telescope_Peak one can see for over one hundred miles in many directions , including west across Panamint Valley to Mount Whitney and the Sierra Nevada in California , and east across the Badwater Basin in Death Valley ( the lowest point in North America ) to Charleston Peak in the Spring Mountains of Nevada . Hiking trails from the base to the summit total 7 miles . eos
lies in Inyo County . From atop Telescope_Peak one can see for over one hundred miles in many directions , including west across Panamint Valley to Mount Whitney and the Sierra Nevada in California , and east across the Badwater Basin in Death Valley ( the lowest point in North America ) to Charleston Peak in the Spring Mountains of Nevada . Hiking trails from the base to the summit total 7 miles . eos
one can see for over one hundred miles in many directions , including west across Panamint Valley to Mount Whitney and the Sierra Nevada in California , and east across the Badwater Basin in Death Valley ( the lowest point in North America ) to Charleston Peak in the Spring Mountains of Nevada . Hiking trails from the base to the summit total 7 miles . Telescope_Peak was named for the great distance visible from the summit . eos
was named for the great distance visible from the summit . Telescope_Peak is also notable for having one of the greatest vertical rises above local terrain of any mountain in the contiguous United States . Telescope_Peak summit rises 11,331 feet ( 3,478 m ) above the floor of Death Valley ( Badwater , -282 ft / -86 m ) in about 15 miles ( 24 km ) , and about 10,000 feet ( 3,050 m ) above the floor of Panamint Valley in about 8 miles ( 13 km ) . eos
is also notable for having one of the greatest vertical rises above local terrain of any mountain in the contiguous United States . Telescope_Peak summit rises 11,331 feet ( 3,478 m ) above the floor of Death Valley ( Badwater , -282 ft / -86 m ) in about 15 miles ( 24 km ) , and about 10,000 feet ( 3,050 m ) above the floor of Panamint Valley in about 8 miles ( 13 km ) . This is comparable to the rises for other large US peaks such as Mount Rainier , Mount Shasta , and Mount San Jacinto . eos
summit rises 11,331 feet ( 3,478 m ) above the floor of Death Valley ( Badwater , -282 ft / -86 m ) in about 15 miles ( 24 km ) , and about 10,000 feet ( 3,050 m ) above the floor of Panamint Valley in about 8 miles ( 13 km ) . This is comparable to the rises for other large US peaks such as Mount Rainier , Mount Shasta , and Mount San Jacinto . ( It is even somewhat comparable to the rise of Mount Everest above its northern base on the Tibetan Plateau , a rise of roughly 13,000 ft ( 4,000 m ) . eos
22nd in the contiguous US by that measure . A variety of trees can be found on Telescope_Peak , including pinyon pine , limber pine , and , at the highest elevations , ancient bristlecone pine . eos
is the high point of a range surrounded by low basins , Telescope_Peak also has a particularly high topographic prominence of 6,168 feet ( 1,880 m ) , ranking Telescope_Peak 22nd in the contiguous US by that measure . A variety of trees can be found on Telescope_Peak , including pinyon pine , limber pine , and , at the highest elevations , ancient bristlecone pine . eos
also has a particularly high topographic prominence of 6,168 feet ( 1,880 m ) , ranking Telescope_Peak 22nd in the contiguous US by that measure . A variety of trees can be found on Telescope_Peak , including pinyon pine , limber pine , and , at the highest elevations , ancient bristlecone pine . eos
, including pinyon pine , limber pine , and , at the highest elevations , ancient bristlecone pine . eos
is a prominent peak in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range , located in the Svaneti region of Georgia . According to most sources , Tetnuld is the 10th highest peak of the Caucasus . The slopes of Tetnuld are glaciated generally above the 3,000 metre ( 9,840 ft . ) line . eos
is the 10th highest peak of the Caucasus . The slopes of Tetnuld are glaciated generally above the 3,000 metre ( 9,840 ft . ) line . eos
are glaciated generally above the 3,000 metre ( 9,840 ft . ) line . eos
, which literally means ` ` Beautiful , little mountain '' in Sesotho , is the highest point in Lesotho and the highest mountain in southern Africa . Thabana_Ntlenyana is situated on the ridge of the Drakensberg mountains near Sani Pass . eos
is situated on the ridge of the Drakensberg mountains near Sani Pass . eos
, or Blocksberg , is the highest peak in the Harz Mountains in Germany and also the highest peak of northern Germany ; The_Brocken is located between the rivers Weser and Elbe . Although The_Brocken altitude ( 1,141 metres ) is below alpine dimensions , The_Brocken microclimate resembles that of mountains of 2000 m altitude . The_Brocken tends to have a snow cover from september to May , and mists and fogs shroud The_Brocken up to 300 days of the year . eos
is located between the rivers Weser and Elbe . Although The_Brocken altitude ( 1,141 metres ) is below alpine dimensions , The_Brocken microclimate resembles that of mountains of 2000 m altitude . The_Brocken tends to have a snow cover from september to May , and mists and fogs shroud The_Brocken up to 300 days of the year . eos
altitude ( 1,141 metres ) is below alpine dimensions , The_Brocken microclimate resembles that of mountains of 2000 m altitude . The_Brocken tends to have a snow cover from september to May , and mists and fogs shroud The_Brocken up to 300 days of the year . The mean annual temperature is only 2.9 ° C . eos
microclimate resembles that of mountains of 2000 m altitude . The_Brocken tends to have a snow cover from september to May , and mists and fogs shroud The_Brocken up to 300 days of the year . The mean annual temperature is only 2.9 ° C . eos
tends to have a snow cover from september to May , and mists and fogs shroud The_Brocken up to 300 days of the year . The mean annual temperature is only 2.9 ° C . The_Brocken has always played a role in legends and The_Brocken has been connected with witches and devils ; Goethe took up the legends in his Faust , in which he also referred to The_Brocken . eos
up to 300 days of the year . The mean annual temperature is only 2.9 ° C . The_Brocken has always played a role in legends and The_Brocken has been connected with witches and devils ; Goethe took up the legends in his Faust , in which he also referred to The_Brocken . eos
has always played a role in legends and The_Brocken has been connected with witches and devils ; Goethe took up the legends in his Faust , in which he also referred to The_Brocken . The Brocken spectre is a common phenomenon on The_Brocken , where a climber 's shadow cast upon fog creates eerie optical effects . Today The_Brocken is part of a national park and The_Brocken hosts a historic botanical garden of mountain plants , founded in 1890 . eos
has been connected with witches and devils ; Goethe took up the legends in his Faust , in which he also referred to The_Brocken . The Brocken spectre is a common phenomenon on The_Brocken , where a climber 's shadow cast upon fog creates eerie optical effects . Today The_Brocken is part of a national park and The_Brocken hosts a historic botanical garden of mountain plants , founded in 1890 . eos
. The Brocken spectre is a common phenomenon on The_Brocken , where a climber 's shadow cast upon fog creates eerie optical effects . Today The_Brocken is part of a national park and The_Brocken hosts a historic botanical garden of mountain plants , founded in 1890 . eos
, where a climber 's shadow cast upon fog creates eerie optical effects . Today The_Brocken is part of a national park and The_Brocken hosts a historic botanical garden of mountain plants , founded in 1890 . A narrow gauge steam railway , the Brockenbahn ( part of the Harzer Schmalspurbahn ) , takes visitors from Wernigerode in the north and Nordhausen in the south to the railway station at the top . eos
is part of a national park and The_Brocken hosts a historic botanical garden of mountain plants , founded in 1890 . A narrow gauge steam railway , the Brockenbahn ( part of the Harzer Schmalspurbahn ) , takes visitors from Wernigerode in the north and Nordhausen in the south to the railway station at the top . The_Brocken features numerous hiking trails . eos
hosts a historic botanical garden of mountain plants , founded in 1890 . A narrow gauge steam railway , the Brockenbahn ( part of the Harzer Schmalspurbahn ) , takes visitors from Wernigerode in the north and Nordhausen in the south to the railway station at the top . The_Brocken features numerous hiking trails . eos
features numerous hiking trails . FM - radio and television broadcasting make major use of The_Brocken . The old TV tower , the Sender Brocken , is now used as hotel and restaurant . eos
. The old TV tower , the Sender Brocken , is now used as hotel and restaurant . It also has an observation deck , open to all tourists . eos
is a mountain located in the Kananaskis River Valley of Kananaskis Park of the Canadian Rockies . When viewed from Highway 40 , the north face presents a fortress like appearance . The_Fortress_Alberta should not be confused with nearby Fortress Mountain . eos
should not be confused with nearby Fortress Mountain . eos
or Baintha Brakk is a steep , craggy mountain , 7285 m high , in the Panmah Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range . The_Ogre_mountain is located in the Northern Areas of Pakistan . The_Ogre_mountain is famous for being one of the hardest peaks in the world to climb : twenty - four years elapsed between the first ascent in 1977 and the second in 2001 . eos
is located in the Northern Areas of Pakistan . The_Ogre_mountain is famous for being one of the hardest peaks in the world to climb : twenty - four years elapsed between the first ascent in 1977 and the second in 2001 . eos
is famous for being one of the hardest peaks in the world to climb : twenty - four years elapsed between the first ascent in 1977 and the second in 2001 . eos
is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Mount Moran is one mile ( 1.6 km ) to the east . The summit is the eighth highest in the Teton Range . eos
, the south slope , is only rated a class 4 , Thor_Peak_Wyoming remoteness and difficulty of approach makes Thor_Peak_Wyoming a challenging mountain to summit . Several semi permanent snowfields as well as the Triple Glaciers are located on the east and northern slopes of Thor_Peak_Wyoming . eos
remoteness and difficulty of approach makes Thor_Peak_Wyoming a challenging mountain to summit . Several semi permanent snowfields as well as the Triple Glaciers are located on the east and northern slopes of Thor_Peak_Wyoming . eos
a challenging mountain to summit . Several semi permanent snowfields as well as the Triple Glaciers are located on the east and northern slopes of Thor_Peak_Wyoming . eos
. eos
is a peak in the Sierra Nevada Mountains in the US state of California . Thunderbolt_Peak rises to 14003 ft , and Thunderbolt_Peak is the thirteenth highest peak in the state . eos
rises to 14003 ft , and Thunderbolt_Peak is the thirteenth highest peak in the state . eos
is the thirteenth highest peak in the state . eos
is a mountain in the Nepalese Himalaya , near Annapurna . eos
( alternatively Terich Mir and Terichmir ) is the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush region of northern Pakistan . Tirich_Mir was first climbed in 1950 by a Norwegian expedition comprised of Arne Næss , P Kvernberg , H Berg , and Tony Streather . Tirich_Mir overlooks Chitral town . eos
was first climbed in 1950 by a Norwegian expedition comprised of Arne Næss , P Kvernberg , H Berg , and Tony Streather . Tirich_Mir overlooks Chitral town . Tirich_Mir can easily be seen from the main bazaar . eos
overlooks Chitral town . Tirich_Mir can easily be seen from the main bazaar . Tirich_Mir can also be seen from Afghanistan . eos
can easily be seen from the main bazaar . Tirich_Mir can also be seen from Afghanistan . According to a local legend , it is impossible to climb Tirich_Mir , because of all the Jinns , demons , witches and fairies who live up there . eos
can also be seen from Afghanistan . According to a local legend , it is impossible to climb Tirich_Mir , because of all the Jinns , demons , witches and fairies who live up there . Almost every year , a few tourists are killed while hiking and trekking around Tirich_Mir . eos
, because of all the Jinns , demons , witches and fairies who live up there . Almost every year , a few tourists are killed while hiking and trekking around Tirich_Mir . Often , they fall down into deep crevasses and their bodies are never found . eos
. Often , they fall down into deep crevasses and their bodies are never found . The last village in Chitral before reaching Tirich_Mir is Village Tirich . eos
is Village Tirich . It is located in Mulkow . The people there speak the Khowar language . eos
, but there is a point beyond which they will not go . eos
( 3,238 m ) is a mountain in the Urner Alps of Switzerland . Titlis is located in the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland , overlooking Engelberg and Titlis is famous as the site of the world 's first revolving cable car . The cable car system connects Engelberg to the top through four principal stages ( Gerschnialp , Trübsee , Stand and Kleintitlis ( 3,020 m ) . eos
is located in the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland , overlooking Engelberg and Titlis is famous as the site of the world 's first revolving cable car . The cable car system connects Engelberg to the top through four principal stages ( Gerschnialp , Trübsee , Stand and Kleintitlis ( 3,020 m ) . The last part of cable car way leads above the glacier . eos
is famous as the site of the world 's first revolving cable car . The cable car system connects Engelberg to the top through four principal stages ( Gerschnialp , Trübsee , Stand and Kleintitlis ( 3,020 m ) . The last part of cable car way leads above the glacier . eos
, or Tomurty , is the highest peak in the Karlik Shan , in the far eastern part of the Tien Shan mountain range of Xinjiang , China . While not of great absolute elevation among Chinese peaks , Tomort is well - separated from higher terrain , and hence Tomort has a high topographic prominence . eos
is well - separated from higher terrain , and hence Tomort has a high topographic prominence . Tomort was reconnoitered or attempted in 1996 , 1997 , 2000 , and 2004 , by Chinese and Japanese parties . Tomort first , and to date only , ascent was in 2005 , by a small group from the Alpine Club of the National Defense Academy of Japan , led by Isao Fukura . eos
has a high topographic prominence . Tomort was reconnoitered or attempted in 1996 , 1997 , 2000 , and 2004 , by Chinese and Japanese parties . Tomort first , and to date only , ascent was in 2005 , by a small group from the Alpine Club of the National Defense Academy of Japan , led by Isao Fukura . eos
was reconnoitered or attempted in 1996 , 1997 , 2000 , and 2004 , by Chinese and Japanese parties . Tomort first , and to date only , ascent was in 2005 , by a small group from the Alpine Club of the National Defense Academy of Japan , led by Isao Fukura . They described the summit as a ` ` table - top ice - snow plateau , with glaciers several kilometers long descending on all sides , '' which was reached by ` ` a crevassed glacier and a 50 degree snow / ice face . '' eos
first , and to date only , ascent was in 2005 , by a small group from the Alpine Club of the National Defense Academy of Japan , led by Isao Fukura . They described the summit as a ` ` table - top ice - snow plateau , with glaciers several kilometers long descending on all sides , '' which was reached by ` ` a crevassed glacier and a 50 degree snow / ice face . '' eos
( also known as Tarso Toussidé ) rises 3265 metres above sea level , the westernmost volcano of the Tibesti Mountains . The peak is almost centered within the black shape that has tentacle - shaped lava flows extending down the western flank . Toussidi base measures approximately 55 miles ( 90 km ) in diameter . eos
base measures approximately 55 miles ( 90 km ) in diameter . The light brownish area surrounding the peak shows a distinctive radial drainage pattern that is quite common for stratovolcanoes as the terrain falls away from the main peak . The depression southeast of Toussidi measures approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) in diameter and 3300 feet ( 1000 m ) in depth . eos
measures approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) in diameter and 3300 feet ( 1000 m ) in depth . The white base is caused by an accumulation of carbonate salts , creating this soda lake of Tibesti . With the exception of small vents that emit gasses and a few hot springs that continue to deposit minerals at the surface of the crater floor , little volcanic activity presently occurs in this region . eos
is the highest point in the Bitterroot Mountains , part of the larger Bitterroot Range in western Montana . Located at approximately 45 ° 53 ' 23.43 N , 114 ° 17 ' 52.11 W , Trapper_Peak_Montana is within the Central Bitterroot subrange of the Bitterroot Mountains and the Selway - Bitterroot Wilderness Area . eos
is within the Central Bitterroot subrange of the Bitterroot Mountains and the Selway - Bitterroot Wilderness Area . Trapper_Peak_Montana rises over 6000 ft above the nearby Bitterroot Valley . eos
rises over 6000 ft above the nearby Bitterroot Valley . A trail to Trapper_Peak_Montana climbs from the end of a Forest Service road . eos
climbs from the end of a Forest Service road . eos
is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming . Traverse_Peak rises abruptly above Moran Canyon to the south and the North Fork of Snowshoe Canyon to the north . From Moran Bay on Jackson Lake , the south slopes of Traverse_Peak can be seen behind Bivouac Peak rising above Moran Canyon . eos
rises abruptly above Moran Canyon to the south and the North Fork of Snowshoe Canyon to the north . From Moran Bay on Jackson Lake , the south slopes of Traverse_Peak can be seen behind Bivouac Peak rising above Moran Canyon . eos
can be seen behind Bivouac Peak rising above Moran Canyon . eos
( 8,020 ft / 2,444 m ) is located in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States . Triple_Divide_Peak is the hydrologic apex of the North American continent . The Continental ( Great ) Divide and the Laurentian Divide meet at the summit of Triple_Divide_Peak , and all water that falls at this point can flow to any of the Pacific , Arctic or the Atlantic Oceans . eos
is the hydrologic apex of the North American continent . The Continental ( Great ) Divide and the Laurentian Divide meet at the summit of Triple_Divide_Peak , and all water that falls at this point can flow to any of the Pacific , Arctic or the Atlantic Oceans . Rainfall on the western side of Triple_Divide_Peak ( after several creeks ) enters the Middle Fork of the Flathead River , which in turn enters the Clark Fork River , Pend Oreille River , and the Columbia River which empties into the Pacific Ocean at Astoria , Oregon . eos
, and all water that falls at this point can flow to any of the Pacific , Arctic or the Atlantic Oceans . Rainfall on the western side of Triple_Divide_Peak ( after several creeks ) enters the Middle Fork of the Flathead River , which in turn enters the Clark Fork River , Pend Oreille River , and the Columbia River which empties into the Pacific Ocean at Astoria , Oregon . Flathead Lake and Lake Pend Oreille are also fed by this system of rivers , as well as some man - made lakes on the Columbia River . eos
( after several creeks ) enters the Middle Fork of the Flathead River , which in turn enters the Clark Fork River , Pend Oreille River , and the Columbia River which empties into the Pacific Ocean at Astoria , Oregon . Flathead Lake and Lake Pend Oreille are also fed by this system of rivers , as well as some man - made lakes on the Columbia River . After several creeks , the northeastern slope of Triple_Divide_Peak sheds water toward St. Mary Lake , which feeds the St. Mary River , which in turn flows into Oldman River , Saskatchewan River , and the Nelson River , which empties into Hudson Bay , This ultimately reaches the Arctic Ocean . eos
sheds water toward St. Mary Lake , which feeds the St. Mary River , which in turn flows into Oldman River , Saskatchewan River , and the Nelson River , which empties into Hudson Bay , This ultimately reaches the Arctic Ocean . Cedar Lake and Lake Winnipeg in Manitoba are also fed by this system of rivers . Moisture on the southeastern slopes feeds into Atlantic Creek , which in turn enter the North Fork of Cut Bank Creek , Marias River , Missouri River , which joins the Mississippi River at Saint Louis , Missouri , before emptying into the Gulf of Mexico near New Orleans . eos
is one of the high peaks of the Hispar Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range in the Northern Areas of Pakistan . Trivor height is often given as 7,728 metres , but this elevation is not consistent with photographic evidence . The height given here is from a Russian 1:100,000 topographic map . eos
height is often given as 7,728 metres , but this elevation is not consistent with photographic evidence . The height given here is from a Russian 1:100,000 topographic map . There have been only two successful climbs of Trivor ; the first ascent was in 1960 by a British - American party . eos
; the first ascent was in 1960 by a British - American party . eos
( more precisely , South Truchas Peak ) is the second highest independent peak in the US State of New Mexico . Truchas_Peak is located in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains , 26 mi ( 42 km ) northeast of Santa Fe . Truchas_Peak lies within the Pecos Wilderness , part of the Santa Fe National Forest . eos
is located in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains , 26 mi ( 42 km ) northeast of Santa Fe . Truchas_Peak lies within the Pecos Wilderness , part of the Santa Fe National Forest . ( The north end of Truchas_Peak borders on the Carson National Forest . ) eos
lies within the Pecos Wilderness , part of the Santa Fe National Forest . ( The north end of Truchas_Peak borders on the Carson National Forest . ) The name of Truchas_Peak is Spanish for ` ` trout '' ( plural ) . eos
borders on the Carson National Forest . ) The name of Truchas_Peak is Spanish for ` ` trout '' ( plural ) . Truchas_Peak is a small north - south trending massif with four indentifiable summits , North Truchas Peak , Middle Truchas Peak , ` ` Medio Truchas Peak '' ( unofficial name ) , and South Truchas Peak , the highest summit . eos
is Spanish for ` ` trout '' ( plural ) . Truchas_Peak is a small north - south trending massif with four indentifiable summits , North Truchas Peak , Middle Truchas Peak , ` ` Medio Truchas Peak '' ( unofficial name ) , and South Truchas Peak , the highest summit . Of the three subsidiary summits , only North Truchas Peak , 13,024 ft ( 3,970 m ) has enough topographic prominence ( about 650 ft/200 m ) to be considered an independent peak . eos
is a small north - south trending massif with four indentifiable summits , North Truchas Peak , Middle Truchas Peak , ` ` Medio Truchas Peak '' ( unofficial name ) , and South Truchas Peak , the highest summit . Of the three subsidiary summits , only North Truchas Peak , 13,024 ft ( 3,970 m ) has enough topographic prominence ( about 650 ft/200 m ) to be considered an independent peak . Truchas_Peak lie on the water divide between the Rio Grande and the Pecos River . eos
lie on the water divide between the Rio Grande and the Pecos River . Truchas_Peak are drained on the west by the Rio Medio , the Rio Quemado , and the Rio de las Trampas ; on the northeast by the Rio Santa Barbara ; and on the southeast by small creeks that quickly run into the upper reaches of the Pecos River . Truchas_Peak also connects to numerous other high peaks in the region , many via the Santa Barbara Divide , a major east - west high ridge which separates the Pecos watershed on the south from the Santa Barbara watershed to the north . eos
are drained on the west by the Rio Medio , the Rio Quemado , and the Rio de las Trampas ; on the northeast by the Rio Santa Barbara ; and on the southeast by small creeks that quickly run into the upper reaches of the Pecos River . Truchas_Peak also connects to numerous other high peaks in the region , many via the Santa Barbara Divide , a major east - west high ridge which separates the Pecos watershed on the south from the Santa Barbara watershed to the north . Truchas_Peak has a true wilderness character , as Truchas_Peak is difficult to access Truchas_Peak within a single day . eos
also connects to numerous other high peaks in the region , many via the Santa Barbara Divide , a major east - west high ridge which separates the Pecos watershed on the south from the Santa Barbara watershed to the north . Truchas_Peak has a true wilderness character , as Truchas_Peak is difficult to access Truchas_Peak within a single day . Many trails access the slopes of Truchas_Peak , most notably the Skyline Trail ( Trail number 251 ) , which traverses the eastern slopes at elevation around 12,000 feet ( 3,660 m ) and accesses the Truchas Lakes , a set of small lakes in a cirque below the south side of North Truchas Peak . eos
has a true wilderness character , as Truchas_Peak is difficult to access Truchas_Peak within a single day . Many trails access the slopes of Truchas_Peak , most notably the Skyline Trail ( Trail number 251 ) , which traverses the eastern slopes at elevation around 12,000 feet ( 3,660 m ) and accesses the Truchas Lakes , a set of small lakes in a cirque below the south side of North Truchas Peak . eos
is difficult to access Truchas_Peak within a single day . Many trails access the slopes of Truchas_Peak , most notably the Skyline Trail ( Trail number 251 ) , which traverses the eastern slopes at elevation around 12,000 feet ( 3,660 m ) and accesses the Truchas Lakes , a set of small lakes in a cirque below the south side of North Truchas Peak . eos
within a single day . Many trails access the slopes of Truchas_Peak , most notably the Skyline Trail ( Trail number 251 ) , which traverses the eastern slopes at elevation around 12,000 feet ( 3,660 m ) and accesses the Truchas Lakes , a set of small lakes in a cirque below the south side of North Truchas Peak . eos
, most notably the Skyline Trail ( Trail number 251 ) , which traverses the eastern slopes at elevation around 12,000 feet ( 3,660 m ) and accesses the Truchas Lakes , a set of small lakes in a cirque below the south side of North Truchas Peak . eos
, ( ) , ( Quichua tunguri ( throat ) , rahua ( fire ) : ` ` Throat of Fire '' ) is an active stratovolcano located in the Cordillera Central of Ecuador . eos
gives name to the province of Tungurahua . Volcanic activity restarted in 1999 and is ongoing as of 2007 with a major eruption on august 16 2006 . eos
is a mountain in the San Juan Mountains of western Colorado in the United States , south of Silverton . Twilight_Peak is adjacent to the Needle Mountains ( Colorado ) . The standard approach is via a trail from Molas Pass to the north . eos
is adjacent to the Needle Mountains ( Colorado ) . The standard approach is via a trail from Molas Pass to the north . The trail leads to Crater Lake where the summit is accessible . eos
is an active stratovolcano in southwestern Peru . Ubinas is the Peru 's most active volcano . The upper slopes of Ubinas , composed primarily of Pleistocene andesitic lava flows , steepen to nearly 45 degrees . eos
is the Peru 's most active volcano . The upper slopes of Ubinas , composed primarily of Pleistocene andesitic lava flows , steepen to nearly 45 degrees . The steep - walled , 1.4 km wide and 150 m deep summit caldera contains an ash cone with a 500-m - wide funnel - shaped vent that is 200 m deep . eos
, composed primarily of Pleistocene andesitic lava flows , steepen to nearly 45 degrees . The steep - walled , 1.4 km wide and 150 m deep summit caldera contains an ash cone with a 500-m - wide funnel - shaped vent that is 200 m deep . Debris - avalanche deposits from the collapse of the SE flank of Ubinas extend 10 km from Ubinas . eos
extend 10 km from Ubinas . As of april 22 , 2006 , Ubinas is currently active ; emitting ash , smoke , and toxic gases . On april 23 , 2006 , Peru declared a state of emergency in towns near Ubinas . eos
. As of april 22 , 2006 , Ubinas is currently active ; emitting ash , smoke , and toxic gases . On april 23 , 2006 , Peru declared a state of emergency in towns near Ubinas . eos
is currently active ; emitting ash , smoke , and toxic gases . On april 23 , 2006 , Peru declared a state of emergency in towns near Ubinas . eos
. eos
( also Ultar , Ultar II , Bojohagur Duanasir II ) is the southeasternmost major peak of the Batura Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram range . Ultar lies about 10 km ( 6 miles ) northeast of the Karimabad , a town on the Karakoram Highway in the Hunza Valley , part of the Gilgit District of the Northern Areas of Pakistan . eos
lies about 10 km ( 6 miles ) northeast of the Karimabad , a town on the Karakoram Highway in the Hunza Valley , part of the Gilgit District of the Northern Areas of Pakistan . eos
, also Ulugh Muztag , is an extremely remote mountain group on the Northern Tibet plateau . Ulugh_Muztagh is part of the Kunlun Mountains of Central Asia . For a long time Ulugh_Muztagh elevation was thought to be as high as 7,723 metres , but Ulugh_Muztagh was measured by a 1985 expedition , who established Ulugh_Muztagh true elevation of 6,973 m , which has since been confirmed by SRTM data and modern high resolution Chinese topographic mapping . eos
is part of the Kunlun Mountains of Central Asia . For a long time Ulugh_Muztagh elevation was thought to be as high as 7,723 metres , but Ulugh_Muztagh was measured by a 1985 expedition , who established Ulugh_Muztagh true elevation of 6,973 m , which has since been confirmed by SRTM data and modern high resolution Chinese topographic mapping . The subsidiary West Peak was climbed by a Finnish expedition in 2003 and a height of 6925 meters was confirmed for Ulugh Muztagh II . eos
elevation was thought to be as high as 7,723 metres , but Ulugh_Muztagh was measured by a 1985 expedition , who established Ulugh_Muztagh true elevation of 6,973 m , which has since been confirmed by SRTM data and modern high resolution Chinese topographic mapping . The subsidiary West Peak was climbed by a Finnish expedition in 2003 and a height of 6925 meters was confirmed for Ulugh Muztagh II . The 7,723 metre elevation claim was made by the English country gentleman and explorer Saint George Littledale in 1895 . eos
was measured by a 1985 expedition , who established Ulugh_Muztagh true elevation of 6,973 m , which has since been confirmed by SRTM data and modern high resolution Chinese topographic mapping . The subsidiary West Peak was climbed by a Finnish expedition in 2003 and a height of 6925 meters was confirmed for Ulugh Muztagh II . The 7,723 metre elevation claim was made by the English country gentleman and explorer Saint George Littledale in 1895 . eos
true elevation of 6,973 m , which has since been confirmed by SRTM data and modern high resolution Chinese topographic mapping . The subsidiary West Peak was climbed by a Finnish expedition in 2003 and a height of 6925 meters was confirmed for Ulugh Muztagh II . The 7,723 metre elevation claim was made by the English country gentleman and explorer Saint George Littledale in 1895 . eos
is the sixth highest mountain peak in the US state of Colorado and Uncompahgre_Peak is the highest peak of the San Juan Mountains . Uncompahgre_Peak is located in the Uncompahgre Wilderness in the northern San Juans , in northern Hinsdale County approximately 7 miles ( 11 km ) west of the town of Lake City . Uncompahgre_Peak has a broad summit plateau , rising about 1500 ft above the broad surrounding alpine basins . eos
is the highest peak of the San Juan Mountains . Uncompahgre_Peak is located in the Uncompahgre Wilderness in the northern San Juans , in northern Hinsdale County approximately 7 miles ( 11 km ) west of the town of Lake City . Uncompahgre_Peak has a broad summit plateau , rising about 1500 ft above the broad surrounding alpine basins . eos
is located in the Uncompahgre Wilderness in the northern San Juans , in northern Hinsdale County approximately 7 miles ( 11 km ) west of the town of Lake City . Uncompahgre_Peak has a broad summit plateau , rising about 1500 ft above the broad surrounding alpine basins . The south , east and west sides are not particularly steep , but the north face boasts a 700 ft cliff . eos
has a broad summit plateau , rising about 1500 ft above the broad surrounding alpine basins . The south , east and west sides are not particularly steep , but the north face boasts a 700 ft cliff . Like all peaks in the San Juan Mountains , Uncompahgre_Peak is of volcanic origin , but Uncompahgre_Peak is not a volcano . eos
is of volcanic origin , but Uncompahgre_Peak is not a volcano . The rock is of poor quality for climbing , precluding an ascent of the north face . The most popular route for climbing Uncompahgre_Peak is Uncompahgre National Forest Service Trail Number 239 , which starts from the end of the Nellie Creek Road , east - southeast of Uncompahgre_Peak . eos
is not a volcano . The rock is of poor quality for climbing , precluding an ascent of the north face . The most popular route for climbing Uncompahgre_Peak is Uncompahgre National Forest Service Trail Number 239 , which starts from the end of the Nellie Creek Road , east - southeast of Uncompahgre_Peak . eos
is Uncompahgre National Forest Service Trail Number 239 , which starts from the end of the Nellie Creek Road , east - southeast of Uncompahgre_Peak . The Nellie Creek Road is a four wheel drive road accessed from the Henson Creek Road , about 4 miles west of Lake City . The trail to the summit is a strenuous hike rising 2919 ft in elevation in about 3.5 mi . eos
. The Nellie Creek Road is a four wheel drive road accessed from the Henson Creek Road , about 4 miles west of Lake City . The trail to the summit is a strenuous hike rising 2919 ft in elevation in about 3.5 mi . eos
is a high peak in the Saint Elias Mountains of Alaska . University_Peak is one of the twenty highest peaks in the United States . University_Peak can be considered a southern outlier of the large massif of Mount Bona . eos
is one of the twenty highest peaks in the United States . University_Peak can be considered a southern outlier of the large massif of Mount Bona . However , University_Peak is a much steeper peak than Bona , and University_Peak presents significant climbing challenges of University_Peak own . eos
can be considered a southern outlier of the large massif of Mount Bona . However , University_Peak is a much steeper peak than Bona , and University_Peak presents significant climbing challenges of University_Peak own . University_Peak was named by Terris Moore during the first ascent of Mount Bona ; the name refers to the University of Alaska . eos
is a much steeper peak than Bona , and University_Peak presents significant climbing challenges of University_Peak own . University_Peak was named by Terris Moore during the first ascent of Mount Bona ; the name refers to the University of Alaska . eos
presents significant climbing challenges of University_Peak own . University_Peak was named by Terris Moore during the first ascent of Mount Bona ; the name refers to the University of Alaska . eos
own . University_Peak was named by Terris Moore during the first ascent of Mount Bona ; the name refers to the University of Alaska . eos
was named by Terris Moore during the first ascent of Mount Bona ; the name refers to the University of Alaska . eos
is a mountain massif in the Alps , between Berchtesgaden , Germany and Salzburg , Austria . Untersberg is perennially popular with tourists due to Untersberg proximity to the city of Salzburg , less than 16 km ( 10 mi ) to the north of Untersberg and within easy reach by bus . A variety of paths lead to the top , but most people use the cable car that lifts passengers over 1300 m to the Geiereck peak . eos
is perennially popular with tourists due to Untersberg proximity to the city of Salzburg , less than 16 km ( 10 mi ) to the north of Untersberg and within easy reach by bus . A variety of paths lead to the top , but most people use the cable car that lifts passengers over 1300 m to the Geiereck peak . The first recorded ascent of Untersberg was in the first half of the 12th century by Eberwein , a member of the Augustinian monastery at Berchtesgaden . eos
proximity to the city of Salzburg , less than 16 km ( 10 mi ) to the north of Untersberg and within easy reach by bus . A variety of paths lead to the top , but most people use the cable car that lifts passengers over 1300 m to the Geiereck peak . The first recorded ascent of Untersberg was in the first half of the 12th century by Eberwein , a member of the Augustinian monastery at Berchtesgaden . eos
and within easy reach by bus . A variety of paths lead to the top , but most people use the cable car that lifts passengers over 1300 m to the Geiereck peak . The first recorded ascent of Untersberg was in the first half of the 12th century by Eberwein , a member of the Augustinian monastery at Berchtesgaden . eos
was in the first half of the 12th century by Eberwein , a member of the Augustinian monastery at Berchtesgaden . Untersberg also lends Untersberg to an opera Der Untersberg written in 1829 by Johann Nepomuk ( 1783 - 1865 ) , Baron of Poissl . eos
also lends Untersberg to an opera Der Untersberg written in 1829 by Johann Nepomuk ( 1783 - 1865 ) , Baron of Poissl . eos
to an opera Der Untersberg written in 1829 by Johann Nepomuk ( 1783 - 1865 ) , Baron of Poissl . eos
is a mountain on the territory of Isenthal , Uri , Switzerland . eos
( ` ` Mount Vaals '' ) is a mountain of 322.7 metres ( 1,059 ft ) in height , the highest point in the Netherlands . Vaalserberg is located in the province of Limburg , at the southeasternmost edge of the country in the municipality of Vaals , near the eponymous town , some three kilometres west of Aachen . eos
is located in the province of Limburg , at the southeasternmost edge of the country in the municipality of Vaals , near the eponymous town , some three kilometres west of Aachen . eos
, one of Chile 's most active volcanoes , rises above the lake and town of the same name . Villarrica_volcano is also known as Rucapillán , a Mapuche word meaning ` ` House of the Spirit '' . Villarrica_volcano is the westernmost of three large stratovolcanoes that trend perpendicular to the Andean chain . eos
is also known as Rucapillán , a Mapuche word meaning ` ` House of the Spirit '' . Villarrica_volcano is the westernmost of three large stratovolcanoes that trend perpendicular to the Andean chain . Villarrica_volcano is one of only a handful of volcanoes worldwide to have an active lava lake within Villarrica_volcano crater . eos
is the westernmost of three large stratovolcanoes that trend perpendicular to the Andean chain . Villarrica_volcano is one of only a handful of volcanoes worldwide to have an active lava lake within Villarrica_volcano crater . About 25 scoria cones dot Villarrica_volcano flanks . eos
is one of only a handful of volcanoes worldwide to have an active lava lake within Villarrica_volcano crater . About 25 scoria cones dot Villarrica_volcano flanks . Villarrica_volcano also has volcanic caves . eos
crater . About 25 scoria cones dot Villarrica_volcano flanks . Villarrica_volcano also has volcanic caves . eos
flanks . Villarrica_volcano also has volcanic caves . Villarrica_volcano , along with Quetrupillán and the Chilean portion of Lanín , are protected within Villarrica National Park . eos
also has volcanic caves . Villarrica_volcano , along with Quetrupillán and the Chilean portion of Lanín , are protected within Villarrica National Park . Guided hikes to the crater are sometimes offered from the town of Pucón , but may be suspended in periods of seismic or increased volcanic activity . eos
, along with Quetrupillán and the Chilean portion of Lanín , are protected within Villarrica National Park . Guided hikes to the crater are sometimes offered from the town of Pucón , but may be suspended in periods of seismic or increased volcanic activity . Helicopter sightseeing services offer flights over the crater as well . eos
. eos
is the highest mountain of Antarctica , located about 1,200 km ( 750 mi ) from the South Pole . Vinson_Massif is about 21 km ( 13 mi ) long and 13 km ( 8 mi ) wide . The southern end of Vinson_Massif is capped by Mount Craddock ( 4,650 m ) . eos
is about 21 km ( 13 mi ) long and 13 km ( 8 mi ) wide . The southern end of Vinson_Massif is capped by Mount Craddock ( 4,650 m ) . Vinson_Massif is in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains , which stand above the Ronne Ice Shelf near the base of the Antarctic Peninsula . eos
is capped by Mount Craddock ( 4,650 m ) . Vinson_Massif is in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains , which stand above the Ronne Ice Shelf near the base of the Antarctic Peninsula . Vinson_Massif existence was unsuspected until 1957 , when Vinson_Massif was spotted by US Navy aircraft . eos
is in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains , which stand above the Ronne Ice Shelf near the base of the Antarctic Peninsula . Vinson_Massif existence was unsuspected until 1957 , when Vinson_Massif was spotted by US Navy aircraft . Vinson_Massif was named after Carl Vinson ( also the namesake of an aircraft carrier ) , a United States Georgia Congressman who was a key supporter of funding for Antarctic research . eos
existence was unsuspected until 1957 , when Vinson_Massif was spotted by US Navy aircraft . Vinson_Massif was named after Carl Vinson ( also the namesake of an aircraft carrier ) , a United States Georgia Congressman who was a key supporter of funding for Antarctic research . eos
was spotted by US Navy aircraft . Vinson_Massif was named after Carl Vinson ( also the namesake of an aircraft carrier ) , a United States Georgia Congressman who was a key supporter of funding for Antarctic research . eos
was named after Carl Vinson ( also the namesake of an aircraft carrier ) , a United States Georgia Congressman who was a key supporter of funding for Antarctic research . eos
( also Volcán de Chiriqui ) is the tallest mountain in Panama and Volcan_Baru is 3474 m high . A dormant volcano just south of the Continental Divide in the western Chiriquí Province , Volcan_Baru is surrounded by a fertile area of cool highlands drained by the Chiriquí and Caldera rivers . The towns of Volcan and Cerro Punta can be found on Volcan_Baru western side , while Boquete is on the eastern flank . eos
is 3474 m high . A dormant volcano just south of the Continental Divide in the western Chiriquí Province , Volcan_Baru is surrounded by a fertile area of cool highlands drained by the Chiriquí and Caldera rivers . The towns of Volcan and Cerro Punta can be found on Volcan_Baru western side , while Boquete is on the eastern flank . eos
is surrounded by a fertile area of cool highlands drained by the Chiriquí and Caldera rivers . The towns of Volcan and Cerro Punta can be found on Volcan_Baru western side , while Boquete is on the eastern flank . The last major eruption of Volcan_Baru was about 500 AD . eos
western side , while Boquete is on the eastern flank . The last major eruption of Volcan_Baru was about 500 AD . There are reports and some evidence of a minor eruption around 1550 AD . eos
was about 500 AD . There are reports and some evidence of a minor eruption around 1550 AD . Due to Volcan_Baru height and Panama 's relatively short width , it is possible to see both the Pacific Ocean and Caribbean Sea from Volcan_Baru peak on a clear day . eos
height and Panama 's relatively short width , it is possible to see both the Pacific Ocean and Caribbean Sea from Volcan_Baru peak on a clear day . The occasional fall of snow has been reported on the summit , where the minimal temperature can be below 0ºC ( 32ºF ) and the formation of frost is frequent during the dry season . eos
peak on a clear day . The occasional fall of snow has been reported on the summit , where the minimal temperature can be below 0ºC ( 32ºF ) and the formation of frost is frequent during the dry season . eos
is large stratovolcano in western Guatemala . Volcan_Tajumulco is the highest mountain in Guatemala and Central America at 4,220 m ( 13,845 feet ) . Volcan_Tajumulco has had several historical reports of volcanic eruptions , but none have been confirmed to be true eruptions . eos
is the highest mountain in Guatemala and Central America at 4,220 m ( 13,845 feet ) . Volcan_Tajumulco has had several historical reports of volcanic eruptions , but none have been confirmed to be true eruptions . eos
has had several historical reports of volcanic eruptions , but none have been confirmed to be true eruptions . eos
( ` ` Volcano of Fire '' ) is an active stratovolcano in Guatemala . Volcan_de_Fuego is close to the city of Antigua Guatemala . Volcan_de_Fuego has erupted frequently since the Spanish conquest . eos
is close to the city of Antigua Guatemala . Volcan_de_Fuego has erupted frequently since the Spanish conquest . Volcan_de_Fuego is famous for being almost constantly active at a low level . eos
has erupted frequently since the Spanish conquest . Volcan_de_Fuego is famous for being almost constantly active at a low level . Smoke issues from Volcan_de_Fuego top daily , but larger eruptions are rare . eos
is famous for being almost constantly active at a low level . Smoke issues from Volcan_de_Fuego top daily , but larger eruptions are rare . On august 9 , 2007 Volcan_de_Fuego erupted spewing lava , rock and ash . eos
top daily , but larger eruptions are rare . On august 9 , 2007 Volcan_de_Fuego erupted spewing lava , rock and ash . Guatemala 's volcanology service reported that seven families were evacuated from their homes near Volcan_de_Fuego . eos
erupted spewing lava , rock and ash . Guatemala 's volcanology service reported that seven families were evacuated from their homes near Volcan_de_Fuego . Volcan_de_Fuego is joined with Acatenango and collectively the complex is known as La Horqueta . eos
. Volcan_de_Fuego is joined with Acatenango and collectively the complex is known as La Horqueta . eos
is joined with Acatenango and collectively the complex is known as La Horqueta . eos
is the third highest mountain in Germany ( Zugspitze is the highest at 2,962 m , Hochwanner the second at 2,746 m ) . The three main peaks ( right side in image ) are Hocheck ( 2651 m ) , Mittelspitze ( Middle Peak , 2,713 m ) and Südspitze ( South Peak , 2,712 m ) . Watzmann also includes the Watzmannfrau ( Watzmann Wife , also known as Kleiner Watzmann or Small Watzmann ) , at 2307 m ( leftmost peak in image ) and the Watzmannkinder ( Watzmann Children ) , five lower peaks in the recess between the main peaks and the Watzmannfrau . eos
also includes the Watzmannfrau ( Watzmann Wife , also known as Kleiner Watzmann or Small Watzmann ) , at 2307 m ( leftmost peak in image ) and the Watzmannkinder ( Watzmann Children ) , five lower peaks in the recess between the main peaks and the Watzmannfrau . The best climbing period is june through september , in some years october . The easiest route is to follow hiking trails from the village of Ramsau near the small town of Berchtesgaden up to the Watzmann Hut at 1,928 metres . eos
( or Palla Bianca in Italian ) is the second highest mountain in the Ötztal Alps and the third highest mountain in Austria . WeissFkugel lies on the border between Austria and Italy . WeissFkugel features many glaciers . eos
lies on the border between Austria and Italy . WeissFkugel features many glaciers . The easiest way to climb WeissFkugel is over the south side of WeissFkugel . eos
features many glaciers . The easiest way to climb WeissFkugel is over the south side of WeissFkugel . WeissFkugel was first climbed in 1850 by JA Specht , Leander Klotz , and Nicodem Klotz . eos
is over the south side of WeissFkugel . WeissFkugel was first climbed in 1850 by JA Specht , Leander Klotz , and Nicodem Klotz . Due to WeissFkugel central location , WeissFkugel has one of the best views in the entire Alps . eos
. WeissFkugel was first climbed in 1850 by JA Specht , Leander Klotz , and Nicodem Klotz . Due to WeissFkugel central location , WeissFkugel has one of the best views in the entire Alps . eos
was first climbed in 1850 by JA Specht , Leander Klotz , and Nicodem Klotz . Due to WeissFkugel central location , WeissFkugel has one of the best views in the entire Alps . eos
central location , WeissFkugel has one of the best views in the entire Alps . eos
has one of the best views in the entire Alps . eos
( 4,505 m ) is a mountain in the Swiss Alps , west of Zermatt and north of the Matterhorn . Weisshorn was first climbed on 19 august 1861 by John Tyndall with guides J J. Bennen and Ulrich Wenger . The south face was first climbed in 1895 by J M. Biner , A Imboden and E Broome . eos
was first climbed on 19 august 1861 by John Tyndall with guides J J. Bennen and Ulrich Wenger . The south face was first climbed in 1895 by J M. Biner , A Imboden and E Broome . With Weisshorn 4505 m , Weisshorn overtops the illustrious Matterhorn by some 60 m. eos
4505 m , Weisshorn overtops the illustrious Matterhorn by some 60 m. Departing from the Tracuit at 3265 m , you 'll reach the summit via the NW ridge . The first 3 hours consist of relatively easy walking across the glacier and will lead you on top of the Bishorn ( 4153 m ) . eos
overtops the illustrious Matterhorn by some 60 m. Departing from the Tracuit at 3265 m , you 'll reach the summit via the NW ridge . The first 3 hours consist of relatively easy walking across the glacier and will lead you on top of the Bishorn ( 4153 m ) . eos
( 4,023 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland near the village of Saas - Fee . Weissmies was first climbed by Jakob Christian Häusser and Peter Josef Zurbriggen in 1855 via the Triftgrat . The ascent was mired in some controversy as the local guides did not believe that Weissmies could be ascended without their help ; when they themselves ascended to the summit by following Häusser and Zurbriggen 's footprints , they found that the highest point had indeed been reached . eos
was first climbed by Jakob Christian Häusser and Peter Josef Zurbriggen in 1855 via the Triftgrat . The ascent was mired in some controversy as the local guides did not believe that Weissmies could be ascended without their help ; when they themselves ascended to the summit by following Häusser and Zurbriggen 's footprints , they found that the highest point had indeed been reached . The approach to the Trift Glacier / south - west ridge ( Triftgrat ) route can now be made via lift to Hohsaas , which is located virtually at the edge of the glacier . eos
could be ascended without their help ; when they themselves ascended to the summit by following Häusser and Zurbriggen 's footprints , they found that the highest point had indeed been reached . The approach to the Trift Glacier / south - west ridge ( Triftgrat ) route can now be made via lift to Hohsaas , which is located virtually at the edge of the glacier . The ascent from Hohsaas takes about 4 hours and involves slopes to 40 degrees and crevasses . eos
( 3,701 m ) is a mountain in the Swiss Alps close to the village of Grindelwald . Although Wetterhorn was first climbed in 1844 , the ascent by Alfred Wills and party in 1854 is the more celebrated , and is generally regarded to have marked the beginning of the golden age of alpinism . eos
was first climbed in 1844 , the ascent by Alfred Wills and party in 1854 is the more celebrated , and is generally regarded to have marked the beginning of the golden age of alpinism . eos
is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the US state of Colorado . Wetterhorn_Peak is located in the Uncompahgre Wilderness of the northern San Juan Mountains , in northern Hinsdale County , 9 mi east of the town of Ouray . Wetterhorn_Peak lies 2.75 mi west of Uncompahgre Peak . eos
is located in the Uncompahgre Wilderness of the northern San Juan Mountains , in northern Hinsdale County , 9 mi east of the town of Ouray . Wetterhorn_Peak lies 2.75 mi west of Uncompahgre Peak . Wetterhorn_Peak , and Wetterhorn_Peak neighbor Matterhorn Peak , 13590 eos
lies 2.75 mi west of Uncompahgre Peak . Wetterhorn_Peak , and Wetterhorn_Peak neighbor Matterhorn Peak , 13590 ft , are named after the Wetterhorn and the Matterhorn , two famous peaks in the Swiss Alps . eos
, and Wetterhorn_Peak neighbor Matterhorn Peak , 13590 ft , are named after the Wetterhorn and the Matterhorn , two famous peaks in the Swiss Alps . Both Colorado peaks are pointed rock spires ( hence slightly resembling their namesake peaks ) , whose shapes contrast with the broad bulk of the higher Uncompahgre Peak . eos
neighbor Matterhorn Peak , 13590 ft , are named after the Wetterhorn and the Matterhorn , two famous peaks in the Swiss Alps . Both Colorado peaks are pointed rock spires ( hence slightly resembling their namesake peaks ) , whose shapes contrast with the broad bulk of the higher Uncompahgre Peak . eos
was made in 1906 by George Barnard , C Smedley , W P. Smedley , and D Utter , but a previous ascent by miners working in the area in the 19th century is likely . The standard , and only common , route on Wetterhorn_Peak is the southeast ridge , which is accessed via the Matterhorn Creek drainage on the south side of Wetterhorn_Peak . The trailhead is on the Henson Creek Road , accessible from Lake City . eos
is the southeast ridge , which is accessed via the Matterhorn Creek drainage on the south side of Wetterhorn_Peak . The trailhead is on the Henson Creek Road , accessible from Lake City . The route involves 3535 ft of ascent from the trailhead and some exposed scrambling ( Class 3/4 ) on the ridge itself . eos
. The trailhead is on the Henson Creek Road , accessible from Lake City . The route involves 3535 ft of ascent from the trailhead and some exposed scrambling ( Class 3/4 ) on the ridge itself . eos
is the highest peak in the US state of New Mexico , with an elevation of 13,161 feet ( 4,011 m ) . Wheeler_Peak_New_Mexico is located in the northern part of the state , northeast of Taos . Wheeler_Peak_New_Mexico lies in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains , the southernmost subrange of the Rocky Mountains . eos
is located in the northern part of the state , northeast of Taos . Wheeler_Peak_New_Mexico lies in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains , the southernmost subrange of the Rocky Mountains . Named in honor of Major George Montague Wheeler ( 1832 - 1909 ) who for ten years led a party of surveyors and naturalists collecting geologic , biologic , planimetric and topographic data in New Mexico and six other southwestern states . eos
lies in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains , the southernmost subrange of the Rocky Mountains . Named in honor of Major George Montague Wheeler ( 1832 - 1909 ) who for ten years led a party of surveyors and naturalists collecting geologic , biologic , planimetric and topographic data in New Mexico and six other southwestern states . Wheeler_Peak_New_Mexico was formerly called Taos Peak , after the nearby town of Taos , New Mexico . eos
was formerly called Taos Peak , after the nearby town of Taos , New Mexico . eos
, or White Mountain Peak , is the highest peak of the White Mountains of the US state of California . White_Mountain_California is also the highest peak in Mono County and the third highest peak in the state , after Mount Whitney and Mount Williamson . White_Mountain_California is the fourteenth most topographically prominent peak in the contiguous United States . eos
is also the highest peak in Mono County and the third highest peak in the state , after Mount Whitney and Mount Williamson . White_Mountain_California is the fourteenth most topographically prominent peak in the contiguous United States . The University of California operates the White Mountain Research Station , comprising three high altitude research stations , on White_Mountain_California : eos
is the fourteenth most topographically prominent peak in the contiguous United States . The University of California operates the White Mountain Research Station , comprising three high altitude research stations , on White_Mountain_California : Crooked Creek Station at 10,200 feet ( 3,100 m ) , Barcroft Station at 12,500 ft ( 3,800 m ) , and a small summit station . eos
: Crooked Creek Station at 10,200 feet ( 3,100 m ) , Barcroft Station at 12,500 ft ( 3,800 m ) , and a small summit station . These stations study the effects of altitude on animal physiology . eos
is California 's easiest fourteener via the jeep road , White_Mountain_California may be the most strenuous via White_Mountain_California western ridge , an 8,150 ft ( 2,500 m ) climb out of Owens Valley via a steep ridge from the end of a rough road . White_Mountain_California is rarely approached from the north where White_Mountain_California is guarded by a narrow arête or knife - edge ridge . A better nontechnical alternative to the jeep road would be to drive as far as possible up Leidy Canyon from Fish Lake Valley , then take a graded cattle trail up the broad ridge to Perry Aiken Flat . eos
may be the most strenuous via White_Mountain_California western ridge , an 8,150 ft ( 2,500 m ) climb out of Owens Valley via a steep ridge from the end of a rough road . White_Mountain_California is rarely approached from the north where White_Mountain_California is guarded by a narrow arête or knife - edge ridge . A better nontechnical alternative to the jeep road would be to drive as far as possible up Leidy Canyon from Fish Lake Valley , then take a graded cattle trail up the broad ridge to Perry Aiken Flat . eos
western ridge , an 8,150 ft ( 2,500 m ) climb out of Owens Valley via a steep ridge from the end of a rough road . White_Mountain_California is rarely approached from the north where White_Mountain_California is guarded by a narrow arête or knife - edge ridge . A better nontechnical alternative to the jeep road would be to drive as far as possible up Leidy Canyon from Fish Lake Valley , then take a graded cattle trail up the broad ridge to Perry Aiken Flat . eos
is rarely approached from the north where White_Mountain_California is guarded by a narrow arête or knife - edge ridge . A better nontechnical alternative to the jeep road would be to drive as far as possible up Leidy Canyon from Fish Lake Valley , then take a graded cattle trail up the broad ridge to Perry Aiken Flat . From the flats it is an easy traverse south into the cirque of the North Fork , North Branch of Perry Aiken Creek . eos
is guarded by a narrow arête or knife - edge ridge . A better nontechnical alternative to the jeep road would be to drive as far as possible up Leidy Canyon from Fish Lake Valley , then take a graded cattle trail up the broad ridge to Perry Aiken Flat . From the flats it is an easy traverse south into the cirque of the North Fork , North Branch of Perry Aiken Creek . eos
. eos
is the highest mountain in the Ötztal Alps and the second highest mountain in Austria . The large number of glaciers and relatively easy routes make Wildspitze popular with ice climbers ( especially the North face ) . eos
popular with ice climbers ( especially the North face ) . eos
is a 14,017-foot ( 4,272 m ) mountain peak in the US state of Colorado . Wilson_Peak is located in the Lizard Head Wilderness of the Uncompahgre National Forest , in the southern San Juan Mountains . Wilson_Peak is the highest point in San Miguel County . eos
is located in the Lizard Head Wilderness of the Uncompahgre National Forest , in the southern San Juan Mountains . Wilson_Peak is the highest point in San Miguel County . Wilson_Peak base is accessible by four wheel drive roads 11 miles ( 18 km ) west of Telluride , Colorado . eos
is the highest point in San Miguel County . Wilson_Peak base is accessible by four wheel drive roads 11 miles ( 18 km ) west of Telluride , Colorado . Wilson_Peak is part of a compact range of mountains , the San Miguel Range often considered distinct from the wider San Juan Range . eos
base is accessible by four wheel drive roads 11 miles ( 18 km ) west of Telluride , Colorado . Wilson_Peak is part of a compact range of mountains , the San Miguel Range often considered distinct from the wider San Juan Range . Two additional fourteen thousand foot peaks are within 2 miles ( 3 km ) of Wilson_Peak summit : eos
is part of a compact range of mountains , the San Miguel Range often considered distinct from the wider San Juan Range . Two additional fourteen thousand foot peaks are within 2 miles ( 3 km ) of Wilson_Peak summit : Mount Wilson ( 14,256 feet ( 4,345 m ) ) and El Diente Peak ( 14,159 feet ( 4,316 m ) ) . eos
summit : Mount Wilson ( 14,256 feet ( 4,345 m ) ) and El Diente Peak ( 14,159 feet ( 4,316 m ) ) . Gladstone peak ( 13,913 feet ( 4,241 m ) ) is located on the ridge between Wilson_Peak and Mount Wilson . eos
and Mount Wilson . Also known as the Wilson Massif , the San Miguels are some of the southernmost San Juans . Wilson_Peak is climbed by hundreds each year , primarily in summer months , but winter ascents are not unusual and sometimes serve as the beginning of backcountry skiing descents . eos
is climbed by hundreds each year , primarily in summer months , but winter ascents are not unusual and sometimes serve as the beginning of backcountry skiing descents . Summer ascents of Wilson_Peak are considered Class 3 technical climbs , meaning that scrambling over rock is required ( with hand holds being used for balance ) and ropes typically not employed . The easiest traditional route begins at the end of the Silver Pick Road , climbs south through Silver Pick Basin to the Rock of Ages Saddle ( between Silver Pick and Navajo Basins ) at 13,100 feet ( 3,990 m ) , then east to 13,200 feet ( 4,020 m ) on the saddle between Gladstone and Wilson Peaks , then finally northeast to the summit . eos
are considered Class 3 technical climbs , meaning that scrambling over rock is required ( with hand holds being used for balance ) and ropes typically not employed . The easiest traditional route begins at the end of the Silver Pick Road , climbs south through Silver Pick Basin to the Rock of Ages Saddle ( between Silver Pick and Navajo Basins ) at 13,100 feet ( 3,990 m ) , then east to 13,200 feet ( 4,020 m ) on the saddle between Gladstone and Wilson Peaks , then finally northeast to the summit . Round trip distance is 8 miles ( 13 km ) . eos
is the highest point in the southern end of the Wind River Range which is located in the US state of Wyoming . Wind_River_Peak straddles the Continental Divide and Wind_River_Peak is surrounded by National Forest lands . The west slopes are in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger - Teton National Forest , while the east side is in the Popo Agie Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest . eos
straddles the Continental Divide and Wind_River_Peak is surrounded by National Forest lands . The west slopes are in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger - Teton National Forest , while the east side is in the Popo Agie Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest . eos
is surrounded by National Forest lands . The west slopes are in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger - Teton National Forest , while the east side is in the Popo Agie Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest . eos
is a fourteener in the Needle Mountains , a subrange of the San Juan Mountains in the US state of Colorado . Windom_Peak is located in the Weminuche Wilderness ( part of the San Juan National Forest ) in La Plata County approximately 13 miles ( 21 km ) south of Silverton . Windom_Peak is one of three fourteeners in the Needle Mountains ; the other two are Mount Eolus and Sunlight Peak . eos
is located in the Weminuche Wilderness ( part of the San Juan National Forest ) in La Plata County approximately 13 miles ( 21 km ) south of Silverton . Windom_Peak is one of three fourteeners in the Needle Mountains ; the other two are Mount Eolus and Sunlight Peak . Windom and Sunlight lie on the east side of Twin Lakes , in upper Chicago Basin , while Eolus lies on the west side . eos
is one of three fourteeners in the Needle Mountains ; the other two are Mount Eolus and Sunlight Peak . Windom and Sunlight lie on the east side of Twin Lakes , in upper Chicago Basin , while Eolus lies on the west side . All three peaks are relatively remote by Colorado standards , and have a strong wilderness character ; however they can be popular in summer . eos
, or Snow Lotus Peak , is one of the major mountains of the Tian Shan mountain range . Xuelian_Feng lies in Xinjiang province , China , about 50 km east - northeast of Jengish Chokusu , the highest peak in the range . Xuelian_Feng is notable for Xuelian_Feng large , steep relief above the nearby valleys , and for Xuelian_Feng large topographic prominence . eos
lies in Xinjiang province , China , about 50 km east - northeast of Jengish Chokusu , the highest peak in the range . Xuelian_Feng is notable for Xuelian_Feng large , steep relief above the nearby valleys , and for Xuelian_Feng large topographic prominence . ( Xuelian_Feng is ranked 84th in the world by this measure ) . eos
is notable for Xuelian_Feng large , steep relief above the nearby valleys , and for Xuelian_Feng large topographic prominence . ( Xuelian_Feng is ranked 84th in the world by this measure ) . Xuelian_Feng has two summits , with the main being the north summit ; the south summit has an elevation of 6527 m. eos
large , steep relief above the nearby valleys , and for Xuelian_Feng large topographic prominence . ( Xuelian_Feng is ranked 84th in the world by this measure ) . Xuelian_Feng has two summits , with the main being the north summit ; the south summit has an elevation of 6527 m. eos
large topographic prominence . ( Xuelian_Feng is ranked 84th in the world by this measure ) . Xuelian_Feng has two summits , with the main being the north summit ; the south summit has an elevation of 6527 m. eos
is ranked 84th in the world by this measure ) . Xuelian_Feng has two summits , with the main being the north summit ; the south summit has an elevation of 6527 m. The Tokai Section of the Japanese Alpine Club made four expeditions to Xuelian_Feng , in 1986 , 1988 , 1989 , and 1990 , with the last being successful in ascending the main summit . eos
has two summits , with the main being the north summit ; the south summit has an elevation of 6527 m. The Tokai Section of the Japanese Alpine Club made four expeditions to Xuelian_Feng , in 1986 , 1988 , 1989 , and 1990 , with the last being successful in ascending the main summit . ( The 1989 expedition ascended the south summit and ` ` Junction Peak '' , another subpeak to the south of the main summit , with elevation 6450 m , and came close to but did not reach the main summit . eos
, in 1986 , 1988 , 1989 , and 1990 , with the last being successful in ascending the main summit . ( The 1989 expedition ascended the south summit and ` ` Junction Peak '' , another subpeak to the south of the main summit , with elevation 6450 m , and came close to but did not reach the main summit . eos
or Nevado Yerupaja is a mountain of the Cordillera Huayhuash in north central Peru , part of the Andes . At 6,635 m ( other sources : 6,617 m ) Yerupaja is the second highest in Peru and the highest in the Cordillera Huayhuash . The summit was first reached in 1950 by Jim Maxwell and Dave Harrah , and Yerupaja northern peak ( Yerupaja Norte ) in 1968 by the Wellingtonian Roger Bates and Graeme Dingle . eos
is the second highest in Peru and the highest in the Cordillera Huayhuash . The summit was first reached in 1950 by Jim Maxwell and Dave Harrah , and Yerupaja northern peak ( Yerupaja Norte ) in 1968 by the Wellingtonian Roger Bates and Graeme Dingle . Yerupaja local name is El Carnicero , which means Butcher . eos
northern peak ( Yerupaja Norte ) in 1968 by the Wellingtonian Roger Bates and Graeme Dingle . Yerupaja local name is El Carnicero , which means Butcher . This name refers to the knife - edge - sharpness of Yerupaja summit ridge . eos
local name is El Carnicero , which means Butcher . This name refers to the knife - edge - sharpness of Yerupaja summit ridge . Many visitors consider Yerupaja to be the most spectacular peak in South America . eos
summit ridge . Many visitors consider Yerupaja to be the most spectacular peak in South America . There have been only a few successful ascents of Yerupaja because Yerupaja is one of the hardest Andean high peaks to climb . eos
to be the most spectacular peak in South America . There have been only a few successful ascents of Yerupaja because Yerupaja is one of the hardest Andean high peaks to climb . The most popular route is the southwest face . eos
because Yerupaja is one of the hardest Andean high peaks to climb . The most popular route is the southwest face . The approach is normally made from Huaraz southwards via Chiquián and Jahuacocha . eos
is one of the hardest Andean high peaks to climb . The most popular route is the southwest face . The approach is normally made from Huaraz southwards via Chiquián and Jahuacocha . eos
( 4,221 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland . The first ascent was by Leslie Stephen and Florence Crauford Grove with guides Jakob Anderegg and Melchior Anderegg on 22 august 1864 via the north ridge ( AD ) . Stephen wrote later that it was ` the nastiest piece of climbing I have ever accomplished ' . eos
was first climbed Zinalrothorn was known locally as Moming . The normal route , the south - east ridge , was first climbed by the combined parties of Clinton Thomas Dent with guide Alexander Burgener , and George Augustus Passingham , with guides Ferdinand Imseng and Franz Andermatten on 5 september 1872 . The first winter and ski ascent was by Marcel Kurz and T Theytaz on 7 february 1914 . eos
was known locally as Moming . The normal route , the south - east ridge , was first climbed by the combined parties of Clinton Thomas Dent with guide Alexander Burgener , and George Augustus Passingham , with guides Ferdinand Imseng and Franz Andermatten on 5 september 1872 . The first winter and ski ascent was by Marcel Kurz and T Theytaz on 7 february 1914 . eos
is the highest mountain in Germany . Zugspitze is located at the Austrian border in the town of Grainau of the district of Garmisch - Partenkirchen , Bavaria . On the Austrian side is the town of Ehrwald in the district of Reutte , Tyrol . eos
is located at the Austrian border in the town of Grainau of the district of Garmisch - Partenkirchen , Bavaria . On the Austrian side is the town of Ehrwald in the district of Reutte , Tyrol . There is a cog railway ( Zugspitzbahn ) leading from the tourist resort of Garmisch - Partenkirchen to the peak . eos
at the Eibsee ( Eibsee Aerial Tramway ) , and the other ascends from Austria ( Tiroler Zugspitzbahn ) . The peak is regularly crowded with tourists . For those wishing to reach the summit under their own power , various hiking and ski trails can also be followed to the top . eos
is a popular skiing destination , with several slopes on both sides . The Zugspitzplatt is the highest ski resort of Germany and thus has enough snow all winter . The border between Germany and Austria goes right through Zugspitze . eos
. There used to be a border checkpoint at the summit . But since Germany and Austria are now both part of the Schengen zone , the border crossing is no longer staffed . eos
belongs to the Wetterstein range in the northern Kalkalpen . Zugspitze gets Zugspitze name from the many avalanches ( Lawinenzüge in German ) on Zugspitze steep north slopes . At Zugspitze summit is the Münchner Haus , an Alpenvereinshütte , a facility built by the Deutscher Alpenverein . eos
gets Zugspitze name from the many avalanches ( Lawinenzüge in German ) on Zugspitze steep north slopes . At Zugspitze summit is the Münchner Haus , an Alpenvereinshütte , a facility built by the Deutscher Alpenverein . For more than a hundred years now , the summit has also had a weather station , which nowadays also gathers data for the Global Atmosphere Watch . eos
name from the many avalanches ( Lawinenzüge in German ) on Zugspitze steep north slopes . At Zugspitze summit is the Münchner Haus , an Alpenvereinshütte , a facility built by the Deutscher Alpenverein . For more than a hundred years now , the summit has also had a weather station , which nowadays also gathers data for the Global Atmosphere Watch . eos
steep north slopes . At Zugspitze summit is the Münchner Haus , an Alpenvereinshütte , a facility built by the Deutscher Alpenverein . For more than a hundred years now , the summit has also had a weather station , which nowadays also gathers data for the Global Atmosphere Watch . eos
summit is the Münchner Haus , an Alpenvereinshütte , a facility built by the Deutscher Alpenverein . For more than a hundred years now , the summit has also had a weather station , which nowadays also gathers data for the Global Atmosphere Watch . Shortly after WW II the USA military took over the Schneefernerhaus ( as the hotel at the top was then called ) for the exclusive use of USA military and civilian employees . eos
over 50 years earlier , according to a 1770 map discovered by the Alpenverein . On 7 january 1882 the first successful winter assault on Zugspitze was accomplished by F Kilger , H and J Zametzer and H Schwaiger . Climbing up Zugspitze can involve several routes . eos
was accomplished by F Kilger , H and J Zametzer and H Schwaiger . Climbing up Zugspitze can involve several routes . The difference in elevation between Garmisch - Partenkirchen and the summit is 2 200 m , making the climb a challenge even for trained mountaineers . eos
can involve several routes . The difference in elevation between Garmisch - Partenkirchen and the summit is 2 200 m , making the climb a challenge even for trained mountaineers . On the German side , from Garmisch - Partenkirchen , climbers go either through the Höllental ( ` ` Valley of Hell '' ) or the Reintal . eos
exact height was a matter of debate for quite a while . Given figures ranged from 2 960 m to 2 970 m , but it is now generally accepted that the peak is 2 962 m above sea level as a result of a survey carried out by the Bavarian land survey office . The lounge at the new café is named ` ` 2962 '' for this reason . eos
( Punta Zumstein in Italian ) ( 4,563 m ) is a peak of the Monte Rosa massif in the Pennine Alps in Italy and Switzerland . Zumsteinspitze lies between the Dufourspitze ( to which Zumsteinspitze is joined by the Grenzsattel ) and the Signalkuppe ( to which Zumsteinspitze is joined by the Colle Gnifetti ) . eos
lies between the Dufourspitze ( to which Zumsteinspitze is joined by the Grenzsattel ) and the Signalkuppe ( to which Zumsteinspitze is joined by the Colle Gnifetti ) . Zumsteinspitze is named after Zumsteinspitze first recorded ascentionist , Joseph Zumstein , a forest inspector from Valsesia , who climbed Zumsteinspitze with a large party on 1 august 1820 . Zumsteinspitze was the first of the peaks of Monte Rosa to be climbed . eos
is joined by the Grenzsattel ) and the Signalkuppe ( to which Zumsteinspitze is joined by the Colle Gnifetti ) . Zumsteinspitze is named after Zumsteinspitze first recorded ascentionist , Joseph Zumstein , a forest inspector from Valsesia , who climbed Zumsteinspitze with a large party on 1 august 1820 . Zumsteinspitze was the first of the peaks of Monte Rosa to be climbed . eos
is joined by the Colle Gnifetti ) . Zumsteinspitze is named after Zumsteinspitze first recorded ascentionist , Joseph Zumstein , a forest inspector from Valsesia , who climbed Zumsteinspitze with a large party on 1 august 1820 . Zumsteinspitze was the first of the peaks of Monte Rosa to be climbed . eos
is named after Zumsteinspitze first recorded ascentionist , Joseph Zumstein , a forest inspector from Valsesia , who climbed Zumsteinspitze with a large party on 1 august 1820 . Zumsteinspitze was the first of the peaks of Monte Rosa to be climbed . The first winter ascent was by E Allegra and guides on 30 march 1902 . eos
first recorded ascentionist , Joseph Zumstein , a forest inspector from Valsesia , who climbed Zumsteinspitze with a large party on 1 august 1820 . Zumsteinspitze was the first of the peaks of Monte Rosa to be climbed . The first winter ascent was by E Allegra and guides on 30 march 1902 . eos
with a large party on 1 august 1820 . Zumsteinspitze was the first of the peaks of Monte Rosa to be climbed . The first winter ascent was by E Allegra and guides on 30 march 1902 . eos
was the first of the peaks of Monte Rosa to be climbed . The first winter ascent was by E Allegra and guides on 30 march 1902 . eos
( Persian : عبدالكريم سروش ) or Dr. Abdulkarim Soroush ( 1945 - ) is a leading Iranian thinker , philosopher , reformer and Rumi scholar . eos
, FRSE , ( baptised and probably born june 5 , 1723 OS ( june 16 NS ) - july 17 , 1790 ) was a Scottish political economist and moral philosopher . Adam_Smith Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations was one of the earliest attempts to study the historical development of industry and commerce in Europe . That work helped to create the modern academic discipline of economics and provided one of the best - known intellectual rationales for free trade , capitalism , and libertarianism . eos
Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations was one of the earliest attempts to study the historical development of industry and commerce in Europe . That work helped to create the modern academic discipline of economics and provided one of the best - known intellectual rationales for free trade , capitalism , and libertarianism . eos
( april 20 , 1889 - april 30 , 1945 ) was Chancellor of Germany from 1933 , and ` ` Führer '' ( leader ) of Germany from 1934 until Adolf_Hitler death . Adolf_Hitler was leader of the National Socialist German Workers Party ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei or NSDAP ) , better known as the Nazi Party . Adolf_Hitler gained power in a Germany facing crisis after World War I , using charismatic oratory and propaganda , appealing to economic need of the lower and middle classes , nationalism , anti - Semitism and anti - communism to establish a totalitarian or fascist dictatorship . eos
death . Adolf_Hitler was leader of the National Socialist German Workers Party ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei or NSDAP ) , better known as the Nazi Party . Adolf_Hitler gained power in a Germany facing crisis after World War I , using charismatic oratory and propaganda , appealing to economic need of the lower and middle classes , nationalism , anti - Semitism and anti - communism to establish a totalitarian or fascist dictatorship . eos
was leader of the National Socialist German Workers Party ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei or NSDAP ) , better known as the Nazi Party . Adolf_Hitler gained power in a Germany facing crisis after World War I , using charismatic oratory and propaganda , appealing to economic need of the lower and middle classes , nationalism , anti - Semitism and anti - communism to establish a totalitarian or fascist dictatorship . With a restructured economy and rearmed military , Adolf_Hitler pursued an aggressive foreign policy with the intention of expanding German Lebensraum ( ` ` living space '' ) , which triggered World War II when Germany invaded Poland . eos
gained power in a Germany facing crisis after World War I , using charismatic oratory and propaganda , appealing to economic need of the lower and middle classes , nationalism , anti - Semitism and anti - communism to establish a totalitarian or fascist dictatorship . With a restructured economy and rearmed military , Adolf_Hitler pursued an aggressive foreign policy with the intention of expanding German Lebensraum ( ` ` living space '' ) , which triggered World War II when Germany invaded Poland . At the height of its power , Nazi Germany occupied most of Europe , but it and the Axis Powers were eventually defeated by the Allies . eos
pursued an aggressive foreign policy with the intention of expanding German Lebensraum ( ` ` living space '' ) , which triggered World War II when Germany invaded Poland . At the height of its power , Nazi Germany occupied most of Europe , but it and the Axis Powers were eventually defeated by the Allies . By then , Adolf_Hitler racial policies had culminated in a genocide of approximately eleven million people , including about six million Jews , in what is now known as the Holocaust . eos
racial policies had culminated in a genocide of approximately eleven million people , including about six million Jews , in what is now known as the Holocaust . In the final days of the war , Adolf_Hitler committed suicide in Adolf_Hitler underground bunker in Berlin with Adolf_Hitler newlywed wife , Eva Braun . Since the end of World War II , Adolf_Hitler has been regarded in most of the world as synonymous with evil , and portrayals of Adolf_Hitler have been nearly universally condemnatory . eos
committed suicide in Adolf_Hitler underground bunker in Berlin with Adolf_Hitler newlywed wife , Eva Braun . Since the end of World War II , Adolf_Hitler has been regarded in most of the world as synonymous with evil , and portrayals of Adolf_Hitler have been nearly universally condemnatory . eos
underground bunker in Berlin with Adolf_Hitler newlywed wife , Eva Braun . Since the end of World War II , Adolf_Hitler has been regarded in most of the world as synonymous with evil , and portrayals of Adolf_Hitler have been nearly universally condemnatory . eos
newlywed wife , Eva Braun . Since the end of World War II , Adolf_Hitler has been regarded in most of the world as synonymous with evil , and portrayals of Adolf_Hitler have been nearly universally condemnatory . eos
has been regarded in most of the world as synonymous with evil , and portrayals of Adolf_Hitler have been nearly universally condemnatory . eos
have been nearly universally condemnatory . eos
( born in Paris on june 30 1949 ) is a French essayist , and only son of a Jewish Polish artisan manufacturing fine leather goods who was deported to Auschwitz . Alain_Finkielkraut currently teaches at the École polytechnique , an elite engineering college , as professor of the ` ` history of ideas '' in the department of humanities and social sciences . Author of a number of books , Alain_Finkielkraut is among France 's cohort of public intellectuals who appear regularly on talk shows and publish columns in the French media , in Alain_Finkielkraut case from what in France is known as a humanist standpoint . eos
currently teaches at the École polytechnique , an elite engineering college , as professor of the ` ` history of ideas '' in the department of humanities and social sciences . Author of a number of books , Alain_Finkielkraut is among France 's cohort of public intellectuals who appear regularly on talk shows and publish columns in the French media , in Alain_Finkielkraut case from what in France is known as a humanist standpoint . eos
is among France 's cohort of public intellectuals who appear regularly on talk shows and publish columns in the French media , in Alain_Finkielkraut case from what in France is known as a humanist standpoint . eos
case from what in France is known as a humanist standpoint . eos
, OBE ( june 23 , 1912 - june 7 , 1954 ) , was an English mathematician , logician , and cryptographer . Alan_Turing is often considered to be the father ! of modern computer science . Alan_Turing provided an influential formalisation of the concept of the algorithm and computation with the Turing machine , formulating the now widely accepted ` ` Turing '' version of the Church - Turing thesis , namely that any practical computing model has either the equivalent or a subset of the capabilities of a Turing machine . eos
is often considered to be the father ! of modern computer science . Alan_Turing provided an influential formalisation of the concept of the algorithm and computation with the Turing machine , formulating the now widely accepted ` ` Turing '' version of the Church - Turing thesis , namely that any practical computing model has either the equivalent or a subset of the capabilities of a Turing machine . With the Turing test , Alan_Turing made a significant and characteristically provocative contribution to the debate regarding artificial intelligence : whether it will ever be possible to say that a machine is conscious and can think . eos
provided an influential formalisation of the concept of the algorithm and computation with the Turing machine , formulating the now widely accepted ` ` Turing '' version of the Church - Turing thesis , namely that any practical computing model has either the equivalent or a subset of the capabilities of a Turing machine . With the Turing test , Alan_Turing made a significant and characteristically provocative contribution to the debate regarding artificial intelligence : whether it will ever be possible to say that a machine is conscious and can think . During World War II , Alan_Turing worked at Bletchley Park , Britain 's codebreaking centre , and Alan_Turing was for a time head of Hut 8 , the section responsible for German Naval cryptanalysis . eos
made a significant and characteristically provocative contribution to the debate regarding artificial intelligence : whether it will ever be possible to say that a machine is conscious and can think . During World War II , Alan_Turing worked at Bletchley Park , Britain 's codebreaking centre , and Alan_Turing was for a time head of Hut 8 , the section responsible for German Naval cryptanalysis . Alan_Turing devised a number of techniques for breaking German ciphers , including the method of the bombe , an electromechanical machine which could find settings for the Enigma machine . eos
worked at Bletchley Park , Britain 's codebreaking centre , and Alan_Turing was for a time head of Hut 8 , the section responsible for German Naval cryptanalysis . Alan_Turing devised a number of techniques for breaking German ciphers , including the method of the bombe , an electromechanical machine which could find settings for the Enigma machine . After the war , Alan_Turing worked at the National Physical Laboratory , creating one of the first designs for a stored - program computer , although it was never actually built . eos
was for a time head of Hut 8 , the section responsible for German Naval cryptanalysis . Alan_Turing devised a number of techniques for breaking German ciphers , including the method of the bombe , an electromechanical machine which could find settings for the Enigma machine . After the war , Alan_Turing worked at the National Physical Laboratory , creating one of the first designs for a stored - program computer , although it was never actually built . eos
devised a number of techniques for breaking German ciphers , including the method of the bombe , an electromechanical machine which could find settings for the Enigma machine . After the war , Alan_Turing worked at the National Physical Laboratory , creating one of the first designs for a stored - program computer , although it was never actually built . In 1947 Alan_Turing moved to the University of Manchester to work , largely on software , on the Manchester Mark eos
worked at the National Physical Laboratory , creating one of the first designs for a stored - program computer , although it was never actually built . In 1947 Alan_Turing moved to the University of Manchester to work , largely on software , on the Manchester Mark I then emerging as one of the world 's earliest true computers . eos
moved to the University of Manchester to work , largely on software , on the Manchester Mark I then emerging as one of the world 's earliest true computers . In 1952 , Alan_Turing was convicted of ` ` acts of gross indecency '' after admitting to a sexual relationship with a man in Manchester . eos
was convicted of ` ` acts of gross indecency '' after admitting to a sexual relationship with a man in Manchester . Alan_Turing was placed on probation and required to undergo hormone therapy . Alan_Turing died after eating an apple laced with cyanide in 1954 , sixteen days short of Alan_Turing 42nd birthday . eos
was placed on probation and required to undergo hormone therapy . Alan_Turing died after eating an apple laced with cyanide in 1954 , sixteen days short of Alan_Turing 42nd birthday . Alan_Turing death is regarded by most as an act of suicide . eos
died after eating an apple laced with cyanide in 1954 , sixteen days short of Alan_Turing 42nd birthday . Alan_Turing death is regarded by most as an act of suicide . eos
42nd birthday . Alan_Turing death is regarded by most as an act of suicide . eos
death is regarded by most as an act of suicide . eos
( German pronunciation ) ( march 14 , 1879 - april 18 , 1955 ) was a German - born theoretical physicist widely regarded as one of the greatest physicists of all time . Albert_Einstein formulated the special and general theories of relativity . In addition , Albert_Einstein made significant advancements to quantum theory and statistical mechanics . eos
formulated the special and general theories of relativity . In addition , Albert_Einstein made significant advancements to quantum theory and statistical mechanics . While best known for the Theory of Relativity ( and specifically mass - energy equivalence , E = mc ^ 2 ) , Albert_Einstein was awarded the 1921 Nobel Prize for Physics for Albert_Einstein 1905 ( Albert_Einstein ` ` wonderful year '' or ` ` miraculous year '' ) explanation of the photoelectric effect and ` ` for his services to Theoretical Physics '' . eos
made significant advancements to quantum theory and statistical mechanics . While best known for the Theory of Relativity ( and specifically mass - energy equivalence , E = mc ^ 2 ) , Albert_Einstein was awarded the 1921 Nobel Prize for Physics for Albert_Einstein 1905 ( Albert_Einstein ` ` wonderful year '' or ` ` miraculous year '' ) explanation of the photoelectric effect and ` ` for his services to Theoretical Physics '' . In popular culture , the name ` ` Einstein '' has become synonymous with great intelligence and genius . eos
was awarded the 1921 Nobel Prize for Physics for Albert_Einstein 1905 ( Albert_Einstein ` ` wonderful year '' or ` ` miraculous year '' ) explanation of the photoelectric effect and ` ` for his services to Theoretical Physics '' . In popular culture , the name ` ` Einstein '' has become synonymous with great intelligence and genius . Among Albert_Einstein many investigations were : capillary action , Albert_Einstein special theory of relativity which stemmed from an attempt to reconcile the laws of mechanics with the laws of the electromagnetic field , Albert_Einstein general theory of relativity which extended the principle of relativity to include gravitation , relativistic cosmology , critical opalescence , classical problems of statistical mechanics and problems in which they were merged with quantum theory , including an explanation of the Brownian movement of molecules , atomic transition probabilities , criticism of the probabilistic interpretation of quantum theory , the quantum theory of a monatomic gas , the thermal properties of light with a low radiation density which laid the foundation of the photon theory of light , the theory of radiation , including stimulated emission ; the construction of a unified field theory , and the geometrization of physics . eos
1905 ( Albert_Einstein ` ` wonderful year '' or ` ` miraculous year '' ) explanation of the photoelectric effect and ` ` for his services to Theoretical Physics '' . In popular culture , the name ` ` Einstein '' has become synonymous with great intelligence and genius . Among Albert_Einstein many investigations were : capillary action , Albert_Einstein special theory of relativity which stemmed from an attempt to reconcile the laws of mechanics with the laws of the electromagnetic field , Albert_Einstein general theory of relativity which extended the principle of relativity to include gravitation , relativistic cosmology , critical opalescence , classical problems of statistical mechanics and problems in which they were merged with quantum theory , including an explanation of the Brownian movement of molecules , atomic transition probabilities , criticism of the probabilistic interpretation of quantum theory , the quantum theory of a monatomic gas , the thermal properties of light with a low radiation density which laid the foundation of the photon theory of light , the theory of radiation , including stimulated emission ; the construction of a unified field theory , and the geometrization of physics . eos
` ` wonderful year '' or ` ` miraculous year '' ) explanation of the photoelectric effect and ` ` for his services to Theoretical Physics '' . In popular culture , the name ` ` Einstein '' has become synonymous with great intelligence and genius . Among Albert_Einstein many investigations were : capillary action , Albert_Einstein special theory of relativity which stemmed from an attempt to reconcile the laws of mechanics with the laws of the electromagnetic field , Albert_Einstein general theory of relativity which extended the principle of relativity to include gravitation , relativistic cosmology , critical opalescence , classical problems of statistical mechanics and problems in which they were merged with quantum theory , including an explanation of the Brownian movement of molecules , atomic transition probabilities , criticism of the probabilistic interpretation of quantum theory , the quantum theory of a monatomic gas , the thermal properties of light with a low radiation density which laid the foundation of the photon theory of light , the theory of radiation , including stimulated emission ; the construction of a unified field theory , and the geometrization of physics . eos
many investigations were : capillary action , Albert_Einstein special theory of relativity which stemmed from an attempt to reconcile the laws of mechanics with the laws of the electromagnetic field , Albert_Einstein general theory of relativity which extended the principle of relativity to include gravitation , relativistic cosmology , critical opalescence , classical problems of statistical mechanics and problems in which they were merged with quantum theory , including an explanation of the Brownian movement of molecules , atomic transition probabilities , criticism of the probabilistic interpretation of quantum theory , the quantum theory of a monatomic gas , the thermal properties of light with a low radiation density which laid the foundation of the photon theory of light , the theory of radiation , including stimulated emission ; the construction of a unified field theory , and the geometrization of physics . eos
special theory of relativity which stemmed from an attempt to reconcile the laws of mechanics with the laws of the electromagnetic field , Albert_Einstein general theory of relativity which extended the principle of relativity to include gravitation , relativistic cosmology , critical opalescence , classical problems of statistical mechanics and problems in which they were merged with quantum theory , including an explanation of the Brownian movement of molecules , atomic transition probabilities , criticism of the probabilistic interpretation of quantum theory , the quantum theory of a monatomic gas , the thermal properties of light with a low radiation density which laid the foundation of the photon theory of light , the theory of radiation , including stimulated emission ; the construction of a unified field theory , and the geometrization of physics . eos
general theory of relativity which extended the principle of relativity to include gravitation , relativistic cosmology , critical opalescence , classical problems of statistical mechanics and problems in which they were merged with quantum theory , including an explanation of the Brownian movement of molecules , atomic transition probabilities , criticism of the probabilistic interpretation of quantum theory , the quantum theory of a monatomic gas , the thermal properties of light with a low radiation density which laid the foundation of the photon theory of light , the theory of radiation , including stimulated emission ; the construction of a unified field theory , and the geometrization of physics . eos
, born Edward Alexander Crowley , ( 12 october 1875 - 1 december 1947 ; the surname is pronounced / "" IPA : ` krəʊli "" / ie with the first syllable sounding like the bird ) was an English occultist , prolific writer , mystic , hedonist , aficionado of chess and mountain climbing , and sexual revolutionary . Aleister_Crowley claimed to be a Freemason , but the legitimacy of Aleister_Crowley claims have been disputed . eos
claimed to be a Freemason , but the legitimacy of Aleister_Crowley claims have been disputed . Other interests and accomplishments were wide - ranging - Aleister_Crowley was a chess master , mountain climber , poet , painter , astrologer , drug experimenter , and social critic . eos
claims have been disputed . Other interests and accomplishments were wide - ranging - Aleister_Crowley was a chess master , mountain climber , poet , painter , astrologer , drug experimenter , and social critic . eos
was a chess master , mountain climber , poet , painter , astrologer , drug experimenter , and social critic . Aleister_Crowley is perhaps best known today for Aleister_Crowley occult writings , especially The Book of the Law , the central sacred text of Thelema . Aleister_Crowley was also an influential member in several occult organizations , including the Golden Dawn , the A ∴ A ∴ ( Argenteum Astrum ) , and Ordo Templi Orientis ( OTO ) . eos
is perhaps best known today for Aleister_Crowley occult writings , especially The Book of the Law , the central sacred text of Thelema . Aleister_Crowley was also an influential member in several occult organizations , including the Golden Dawn , the A ∴ A ∴ ( Argenteum Astrum ) , and Ordo Templi Orientis ( OTO ) . Aleister_Crowley gained much notoriety during Aleister_Crowley lifetime , and Aleister_Crowley was famously dubbed ` ` The Wickedest Man eos
occult writings , especially The Book of the Law , the central sacred text of Thelema . Aleister_Crowley was also an influential member in several occult organizations , including the Golden Dawn , the A ∴ A ∴ ( Argenteum Astrum ) , and Ordo Templi Orientis ( OTO ) . Aleister_Crowley gained much notoriety during Aleister_Crowley lifetime , and Aleister_Crowley was famously dubbed ` ` The Wickedest Man eos
was also an influential member in several occult organizations , including the Golden Dawn , the A ∴ A ∴ ( Argenteum Astrum ) , and Ordo Templi Orientis ( OTO ) . Aleister_Crowley gained much notoriety during Aleister_Crowley lifetime , and Aleister_Crowley was famously dubbed ` ` The Wickedest Man In the World . '' eos
was famously dubbed ` ` The Wickedest Man In the World . '' eos
gained much notoriety during Aleister_Crowley lifetime , and Aleister_Crowley was famously dubbed ` ` The Wickedest Man In the World . '' eos
lifetime , and Aleister_Crowley was famously dubbed ` ` The Wickedest Man In the World . '' eos
( 6 august 1881 - 11 march 1955 ) was a Scottish biologist and pharmacologist . Alexander_Fleming published many articles on bacteriology , immunology , and chemotherapy . Alexander_Fleming best - known achievements are the discovery of the enzyme lysozyme in 1922 and isolation of the antibiotic substance penicillin from the fungus Penicillium notatum in 1928 , for which Alexander_Fleming shared a Nobel Prize with Florey and Chain . . eos
published many articles on bacteriology , immunology , and chemotherapy . Alexander_Fleming best - known achievements are the discovery of the enzyme lysozyme in 1922 and isolation of the antibiotic substance penicillin from the fungus Penicillium notatum in 1928 , for which Alexander_Fleming shared a Nobel Prize with Florey and Chain . . eos
best - known achievements are the discovery of the enzyme lysozyme in 1922 and isolation of the antibiotic substance penicillin from the fungus Penicillium notatum in 1928 , for which Alexander_Fleming shared a Nobel Prize with Florey and Chain . . eos
shared a Nobel Prize with Florey and Chain . . eos
( march 3 , 1847 - august 2 , 1922 ) was a Scottish scientist and inventor Alexander_Graham_Bell emigrated to Canada . Today , Alexander_Graham_Bell is widely considered as one of the foremost developers of the telephone , together with Antonio Meucci , inventor of the first telephone prototype , and Philipp Reis . Six years after having obtained Alexander_Graham_Bell telephone patent Alexander_Graham_Bell became a naturalized citizen of the United States . eos
emigrated to Canada . Today , Alexander_Graham_Bell is widely considered as one of the foremost developers of the telephone , together with Antonio Meucci , inventor of the first telephone prototype , and Philipp Reis . Six years after having obtained Alexander_Graham_Bell telephone patent Alexander_Graham_Bell became a naturalized citizen of the United States . eos
is widely considered as one of the foremost developers of the telephone , together with Antonio Meucci , inventor of the first telephone prototype , and Philipp Reis . Six years after having obtained Alexander_Graham_Bell telephone patent Alexander_Graham_Bell became a naturalized citizen of the United States . In addition to Alexander_Graham_Bell work in telecommunications technology , Alexander_Graham_Bell was responsible for important advances in aviation and hydrofoil technology . eos
telephone patent Alexander_Graham_Bell became a naturalized citizen of the United States . In addition to Alexander_Graham_Bell work in telecommunications technology , Alexander_Graham_Bell was responsible for important advances in aviation and hydrofoil technology . eos
became a naturalized citizen of the United States . In addition to Alexander_Graham_Bell work in telecommunications technology , Alexander_Graham_Bell was responsible for important advances in aviation and hydrofoil technology . eos
work in telecommunications technology , Alexander_Graham_Bell was responsible for important advances in aviation and hydrofoil technology . eos
was responsible for important advances in aviation and hydrofoil technology . eos
( born february 24 1933 in Mombasa , Kenya ) is a world - renowned academic and political writer on African and Islamic studies . Ali_Mazrui views are broadly similar to many other Anglophile Muslims such as India 's Syed Ali Khan . Ali_Mazrui obtained Ali_Mazrui BA with Distinction from Manchester University in Great Britain , Ali_Mazrui MA from Columbia University in New York , and Ali_Mazrui doctorate from Oxford University . eos
views are broadly similar to many other Anglophile Muslims such as India 's Syed Ali Khan . Ali_Mazrui obtained Ali_Mazrui BA with Distinction from Manchester University in Great Britain , Ali_Mazrui MA from Columbia University in New York , and Ali_Mazrui doctorate from Oxford University . Upon completing Ali_Mazrui education at Oxford University , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of Makerere University ( Kampala , Uganda ) , where Ali_Mazrui served as head of the Department of Political Science and Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences . eos
obtained Ali_Mazrui BA with Distinction from Manchester University in Great Britain , Ali_Mazrui MA from Columbia University in New York , and Ali_Mazrui doctorate from Oxford University . Upon completing Ali_Mazrui education at Oxford University , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of Makerere University ( Kampala , Uganda ) , where Ali_Mazrui served as head of the Department of Political Science and Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences . Ali_Mazrui served at Makerere University until 1973 , when Ali_Mazrui was forced into exile by Idi Amin . eos
BA with Distinction from Manchester University in Great Britain , Ali_Mazrui MA from Columbia University in New York , and Ali_Mazrui doctorate from Oxford University . Upon completing Ali_Mazrui education at Oxford University , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of Makerere University ( Kampala , Uganda ) , where Ali_Mazrui served as head of the Department of Political Science and Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences . Ali_Mazrui served at Makerere University until 1973 , when Ali_Mazrui was forced into exile by Idi Amin . eos
MA from Columbia University in New York , and Ali_Mazrui doctorate from Oxford University . Upon completing Ali_Mazrui education at Oxford University , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of Makerere University ( Kampala , Uganda ) , where Ali_Mazrui served as head of the Department of Political Science and Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences . Ali_Mazrui served at Makerere University until 1973 , when Ali_Mazrui was forced into exile by Idi Amin . eos
doctorate from Oxford University . Upon completing Ali_Mazrui education at Oxford University , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of Makerere University ( Kampala , Uganda ) , where Ali_Mazrui served as head of the Department of Political Science and Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences . Ali_Mazrui served at Makerere University until 1973 , when Ali_Mazrui was forced into exile by Idi Amin . eos
education at Oxford University , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of Makerere University ( Kampala , Uganda ) , where Ali_Mazrui served as head of the Department of Political Science and Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences . Ali_Mazrui served at Makerere University until 1973 , when Ali_Mazrui was forced into exile by Idi Amin . In 1974 , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of the University of Michigan as professor and later Ali_Mazrui was appointed the Director of the Center for Afroamerican and African Studies ( 1978 - 198l ) . eos
joined the faculty of Makerere University ( Kampala , Uganda ) , where Ali_Mazrui served as head of the Department of Political Science and Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences . Ali_Mazrui served at Makerere University until 1973 , when Ali_Mazrui was forced into exile by Idi Amin . In 1974 , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of the University of Michigan as professor and later Ali_Mazrui was appointed the Director of the Center for Afroamerican and African Studies ( 1978 - 198l ) . eos
served as head of the Department of Political Science and Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences . Ali_Mazrui served at Makerere University until 1973 , when Ali_Mazrui was forced into exile by Idi Amin . In 1974 , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of the University of Michigan as professor and later Ali_Mazrui was appointed the Director of the Center for Afroamerican and African Studies ( 1978 - 198l ) . eos
served at Makerere University until 1973 , when Ali_Mazrui was forced into exile by Idi Amin . In 1974 , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of the University of Michigan as professor and later Ali_Mazrui was appointed the Director of the Center for Afroamerican and African Studies ( 1978 - 198l ) . In 1989 , Ali_Mazrui was appointed to the faculty of Binghamton University , State University of New York as the Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies ( IGCS ) . eos
was forced into exile by Idi Amin . In 1974 , Ali_Mazrui joined the faculty of the University of Michigan as professor and later Ali_Mazrui was appointed the Director of the Center for Afroamerican and African Studies ( 1978 - 198l ) . In 1989 , Ali_Mazrui was appointed to the faculty of Binghamton University , State University of New York as the Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies ( IGCS ) . eos
joined the faculty of the University of Michigan as professor and later Ali_Mazrui was appointed the Director of the Center for Afroamerican and African Studies ( 1978 - 198l ) . In 1989 , Ali_Mazrui was appointed to the faculty of Binghamton University , State University of New York as the Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies ( IGCS ) . In addition to Ali_Mazrui appointments as the Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities , Professor in Political Science , African Studies , Philosophy , Interpretation and Culture and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies ( IGCS ) , Ali_Mazrui also holds three concurrent faculty appointments as Albert Luthuli Professor - at - Large in the Humanities and Development Studies at the University of Jos in Nigeria , Andrew D White Professor - at - Large Emeritus and Senior Scholar in Africana Studies at Cornell University and Chancellor of the Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology , Nairobi , Kenya . eos
was appointed the Director of the Center for Afroamerican and African Studies ( 1978 - 198l ) . In 1989 , Ali_Mazrui was appointed to the faculty of Binghamton University , State University of New York as the Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies ( IGCS ) . In addition to Ali_Mazrui appointments as the Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities , Professor in Political Science , African Studies , Philosophy , Interpretation and Culture and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies ( IGCS ) , Ali_Mazrui also holds three concurrent faculty appointments as Albert Luthuli Professor - at - Large in the Humanities and Development Studies at the University of Jos in Nigeria , Andrew D White Professor - at - Large Emeritus and Senior Scholar in Africana Studies at Cornell University and Chancellor of the Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology , Nairobi , Kenya . eos
was appointed to the faculty of Binghamton University , State University of New York as the Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies ( IGCS ) . In addition to Ali_Mazrui appointments as the Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities , Professor in Political Science , African Studies , Philosophy , Interpretation and Culture and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies ( IGCS ) , Ali_Mazrui also holds three concurrent faculty appointments as Albert Luthuli Professor - at - Large in the Humanities and Development Studies at the University of Jos in Nigeria , Andrew D White Professor - at - Large Emeritus and Senior Scholar in Africana Studies at Cornell University and Chancellor of the Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology , Nairobi , Kenya . In 1999 , Ali_Mazrui retired as the inaugural Walter Rodney Professor at the University of Guyana , Georgetown , Guyana . eos
appointments as the Albert Schweitzer Professor in the Humanities , Professor in Political Science , African Studies , Philosophy , Interpretation and Culture and the Director of the Institute of Global Cultural Studies ( IGCS ) , Ali_Mazrui also holds three concurrent faculty appointments as Albert Luthuli Professor - at - Large in the Humanities and Development Studies at the University of Jos in Nigeria , Andrew D White Professor - at - Large Emeritus and Senior Scholar in Africana Studies at Cornell University and Chancellor of the Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology , Nairobi , Kenya . In 1999 , Ali_Mazrui retired as the inaugural Walter Rodney Professor at the University of Guyana , Georgetown , Guyana . Ali_Mazrui has also been a Visiting Scholar at Stanford University , The University of Chicago , Colgate University , McGill University , National University of Singapore , Oxford University , Harvard University , Bridgewater State College , Ohio State University , and at other institutions in Cairo , Australia , Leeds , Nairobi , Teheran , Denver , London , Baghdad , and Sussex amongst others . eos
also holds three concurrent faculty appointments as Albert Luthuli Professor - at - Large in the Humanities and Development Studies at the University of Jos in Nigeria , Andrew D White Professor - at - Large Emeritus and Senior Scholar in Africana Studies at Cornell University and Chancellor of the Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology , Nairobi , Kenya . In 1999 , Ali_Mazrui retired as the inaugural Walter Rodney Professor at the University of Guyana , Georgetown , Guyana . Ali_Mazrui has also been a Visiting Scholar at Stanford University , The University of Chicago , Colgate University , McGill University , National University of Singapore , Oxford University , Harvard University , Bridgewater State College , Ohio State University , and at other institutions in Cairo , Australia , Leeds , Nairobi , Teheran , Denver , London , Baghdad , and Sussex amongst others . eos
retired as the inaugural Walter Rodney Professor at the University of Guyana , Georgetown , Guyana . Ali_Mazrui has also been a Visiting Scholar at Stanford University , The University of Chicago , Colgate University , McGill University , National University of Singapore , Oxford University , Harvard University , Bridgewater State College , Ohio State University , and at other institutions in Cairo , Australia , Leeds , Nairobi , Teheran , Denver , London , Baghdad , and Sussex amongst others . In addition to Ali_Mazrui academic appointments , Ali_Mazrui has also served as President of the African Studies Association ( USA ) and as Vice - President of the International Political Science Association and Ali_Mazrui has also served as Special Advisor to the World Bank . eos
has also been a Visiting Scholar at Stanford University , The University of Chicago , Colgate University , McGill University , National University of Singapore , Oxford University , Harvard University , Bridgewater State College , Ohio State University , and at other institutions in Cairo , Australia , Leeds , Nairobi , Teheran , Denver , London , Baghdad , and Sussex amongst others . In addition to Ali_Mazrui academic appointments , Ali_Mazrui has also served as President of the African Studies Association ( USA ) and as Vice - President of the International Political Science Association and Ali_Mazrui has also served as Special Advisor to the World Bank . Ali_Mazrui has also served on the Board of the American Muslim Council , Washington , DC eos
academic appointments , Ali_Mazrui has also served as President of the African Studies Association ( USA ) and as Vice - President of the International Political Science Association and Ali_Mazrui has also served as Special Advisor to the World Bank . Ali_Mazrui has also served on the Board of the American Muslim Council , Washington , DC eos
has also served as President of the African Studies Association ( USA ) and as Vice - President of the International Political Science Association and Ali_Mazrui has also served as Special Advisor to the World Bank . Ali_Mazrui has also served on the Board of the American Muslim Council , Washington , DC eos
has also served as Special Advisor to the World Bank . Ali_Mazrui has also served on the Board of the American Muslim Council , Washington , DC eos
has also served on the Board of the American Muslim Council , Washington , DC eos
CH ( Hon ) ( "" Bengali : অমর্ত্য কুমার সেন eos
work on famine , human development theory , welfare economics , the underlying mechanisms of poverty , and political liberalism . From 1998 to 2004 Amartya_Sen was Master of Trinity College at Cambridge University , becoming the first Asian academic to head an Oxbridge college . eos
was Master of Trinity College at Cambridge University , becoming the first Asian academic to head an Oxbridge college . Amartya_Sen is interested in the debate over globalization . Amartya_Sen has given lectures to senior executives of the World Bank and Amartya_Sen is honorary president of Oxfam . eos
is interested in the debate over globalization . Amartya_Sen has given lectures to senior executives of the World Bank and Amartya_Sen is honorary president of Oxfam . Among Amartya_Sen many contributions to development economics , Amartya_Sen has produced work on gender inequality , exemplified by Amartya_Sen general use of female pronouns when referring to an abstract person . eos
has given lectures to senior executives of the World Bank and Amartya_Sen is honorary president of Oxfam . Among Amartya_Sen many contributions to development economics , Amartya_Sen has produced work on gender inequality , exemplified by Amartya_Sen general use of female pronouns when referring to an abstract person . Amartya_Sen is currently the Lamont University Professor at Harvard University . eos
is honorary president of Oxfam . Among Amartya_Sen many contributions to development economics , Amartya_Sen has produced work on gender inequality , exemplified by Amartya_Sen general use of female pronouns when referring to an abstract person . Amartya_Sen is currently the Lamont University Professor at Harvard University . eos
many contributions to development economics , Amartya_Sen has produced work on gender inequality , exemplified by Amartya_Sen general use of female pronouns when referring to an abstract person . Amartya_Sen is currently the Lamont University Professor at Harvard University . Amartya_Sen books have been translated into more than thirty languages . eos
has produced work on gender inequality , exemplified by Amartya_Sen general use of female pronouns when referring to an abstract person . Amartya_Sen is currently the Lamont University Professor at Harvard University . Amartya_Sen books have been translated into more than thirty languages . eos
general use of female pronouns when referring to an abstract person . Amartya_Sen is currently the Lamont University Professor at Harvard University . Amartya_Sen books have been translated into more than thirty languages . eos
is currently the Lamont University Professor at Harvard University . Amartya_Sen books have been translated into more than thirty languages . eos
books have been translated into more than thirty languages . eos
( "" Hebrew : עמוס עוז "" ; born May 4 , 1939 ) , birth name Amos Klausner , is an Israeli writer , novelist , and journalist . Amos_Oz is also a professor of literature at Ben - Gurion University in Be'er Sheva . eos
is also a professor of literature at Ben - Gurion University in Be'er Sheva . Since 1967 , Amos_Oz has been a prominent advocate of a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict . eos
has been a prominent advocate of a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict . eos
, usually known as Nye Bevan ( november 15 , 1897 - july 6 , 1960 ) was a Welsh Labour politician and a socialist . Aneurin_Bevan was a key figure on the left of the party in the mid - twentieth century and Aneurin_Bevan was the Secretary of State responsible for the formation of the National Health Service . eos
was a key figure on the left of the party in the mid - twentieth century and Aneurin_Bevan was the Secretary of State responsible for the formation of the National Health Service . eos
was the Secretary of State responsible for the formation of the National Health Service . eos
, Baron Giddens ( born january 18 , 1938 ) is a British sociologist Anthony_Giddens is renowned for Anthony_Giddens theory of structuration and Anthony_Giddens holistic view of modern societies . Anthony_Giddens is considered to be one of the most prominent modern contributors in the field of sociology , the author of at least 34 books , published in at least 29 languages , issuing on average more than one book every year . Anthony_Giddens has been described as Britain 's best known social scientist since John Maynard Keynes . eos
is renowned for Anthony_Giddens theory of structuration and Anthony_Giddens holistic view of modern societies . Anthony_Giddens is considered to be one of the most prominent modern contributors in the field of sociology , the author of at least 34 books , published in at least 29 languages , issuing on average more than one book every year . Anthony_Giddens has been described as Britain 's best known social scientist since John Maynard Keynes . eos
theory of structuration and Anthony_Giddens holistic view of modern societies . Anthony_Giddens is considered to be one of the most prominent modern contributors in the field of sociology , the author of at least 34 books , published in at least 29 languages , issuing on average more than one book every year . Anthony_Giddens has been described as Britain 's best known social scientist since John Maynard Keynes . eos
holistic view of modern societies . Anthony_Giddens is considered to be one of the most prominent modern contributors in the field of sociology , the author of at least 34 books , published in at least 29 languages , issuing on average more than one book every year . Anthony_Giddens has been described as Britain 's best known social scientist since John Maynard Keynes . eos
is considered to be one of the most prominent modern contributors in the field of sociology , the author of at least 34 books , published in at least 29 languages , issuing on average more than one book every year . Anthony_Giddens has been described as Britain 's best known social scientist since John Maynard Keynes . Three notable stages can be identified in Anthony_Giddens academic life . eos
has been described as Britain 's best known social scientist since John Maynard Keynes . Three notable stages can be identified in Anthony_Giddens academic life . The first one involved outlining a new vision of what sociology is , presenting a theoretical and methodological understanding of that field , based on a critical reinterpretation of the classics . eos
academic life . The first one involved outlining a new vision of what sociology is , presenting a theoretical and methodological understanding of that field , based on a critical reinterpretation of the classics . Anthony_Giddens major publications of that era include Capitalism and Modern Social Theory ( 1971 ) and New Rules of Sociological Method ( 1976 ) . eos
major publications of that era include Capitalism and Modern Social Theory ( 1971 ) and New Rules of Sociological Method ( 1976 ) . In the second stage Anthony_Giddens developed the theory of structuration , an analysis of agency and structure , in which primacy is granted to neither . Anthony_Giddens works of that period , like Central Problems in Social Theory ( 1979 ) and The Constitution of Society ( 1984 ) brought Anthony_Giddens international fame on the sociological arena . eos
developed the theory of structuration , an analysis of agency and structure , in which primacy is granted to neither . Anthony_Giddens works of that period , like Central Problems in Social Theory ( 1979 ) and The Constitution of Society ( 1984 ) brought Anthony_Giddens international fame on the sociological arena . The most recent stage concerns modernity , globalization and politics , especially the impact of modernity on social and personal life . eos
works of that period , like Central Problems in Social Theory ( 1979 ) and The Constitution of Society ( 1984 ) brought Anthony_Giddens international fame on the sociological arena . The most recent stage concerns modernity , globalization and politics , especially the impact of modernity on social and personal life . This stage is reflected by Anthony_Giddens critique of postmodernity , and discussions of a new ` ` utopian - realist '' third way in politics , visible in the Consequence of Modernity ( 1990 ) , Modernity and Self - Identity ( 1991 ) , The Transformation of Intimacy ( 1992 ) , Beyond Left and Right ( 1994 ) and The Third Way : eos
international fame on the sociological arena . The most recent stage concerns modernity , globalization and politics , especially the impact of modernity on social and personal life . This stage is reflected by Anthony_Giddens critique of postmodernity , and discussions of a new ` ` utopian - realist '' third way in politics , visible in the Consequence of Modernity ( 1990 ) , Modernity and Self - Identity ( 1991 ) , The Transformation of Intimacy ( 1992 ) , Beyond Left and Right ( 1994 ) and The Third Way : eos
critique of postmodernity , and discussions of a new ` ` utopian - realist '' third way in politics , visible in the Consequence of Modernity ( 1990 ) , Modernity and Self - Identity ( 1991 ) , The Transformation of Intimacy ( 1992 ) , Beyond Left and Right ( 1994 ) and The Third Way : The Renewal of Social Democracy ( 1998 ) . Anthony_Giddens ambition is both to recast social theory and to re - examine our understanding of the development and trajectory of modernity . eos
ambition is both to recast social theory and to re - examine our understanding of the development and trajectory of modernity . It is not clear , however , that Anthony_Giddens theories have had any beneficial impact on social research . Anthony_Giddens theories have been criticised as being empty conceptual schemes lacking any empirical implications . eos
theories have had any beneficial impact on social research . Anthony_Giddens theories have been criticised as being empty conceptual schemes lacking any empirical implications . eos
theories have been criticised as being empty conceptual schemes lacking any empirical implications . eos
( august 26 1743 - May 8 1794 ) the ` ` father of modern chemistry , '' was a French nobleman prominent in the histories of chemistry , finance , biology , and economics . Antoine_Lavoisier stated the first version of the Law of conservation of mass , eos
stated the first version of the Law of conservation of mass , Antoine_Lavoisier co - discovered , Antoine_Lavoisier recognized and Antoine_Lavoisier named oxygen ( 1778 ) as well as hydrogen , Antoine_Lavoisier disproved the phlogiston theory , Antoine_Lavoisier introduced the Metric system eos
co - discovered , Antoine_Lavoisier recognized and Antoine_Lavoisier named oxygen ( 1778 ) as well as hydrogen , Antoine_Lavoisier disproved the phlogiston theory , Antoine_Lavoisier introduced the Metric system , Antoine_Lavoisier invented the first periodic table including 33 elements , and Antoine_Lavoisier helped to reform chemical nomenclature . eos
recognized and Antoine_Lavoisier named oxygen ( 1778 ) as well as hydrogen , Antoine_Lavoisier disproved the phlogiston theory , Antoine_Lavoisier introduced the Metric system , Antoine_Lavoisier invented the first periodic table including 33 elements , and Antoine_Lavoisier helped to reform chemical nomenclature . eos
named oxygen ( 1778 ) as well as hydrogen , Antoine_Lavoisier disproved the phlogiston theory , Antoine_Lavoisier introduced the Metric system , Antoine_Lavoisier invented the first periodic table including 33 elements , and Antoine_Lavoisier helped to reform chemical nomenclature . eos
disproved the phlogiston theory , Antoine_Lavoisier introduced the Metric system , Antoine_Lavoisier invented the first periodic table including 33 elements , and Antoine_Lavoisier helped to reform chemical nomenclature . Antoine_Lavoisier was also an investor and administrator of the ` ` Ferme Générale , '' a private tax collection company ; chairman of the board of the Discount Bank ( later the Banque de France ) ; and a powerful member of a number of other aristocratic administrative councils . eos
introduced the Metric system , Antoine_Lavoisier invented the first periodic table including 33 elements , and Antoine_Lavoisier helped to reform chemical nomenclature . Antoine_Lavoisier was also an investor and administrator of the ` ` Ferme Générale , '' a private tax collection company ; chairman of the board of the Discount Bank ( later the Banque de France ) ; and a powerful member of a number of other aristocratic administrative councils . eos
invented the first periodic table including 33 elements , and Antoine_Lavoisier helped to reform chemical nomenclature . Antoine_Lavoisier was also an investor and administrator of the ` ` Ferme Générale , '' a private tax collection company ; chairman of the board of the Discount Bank ( later the Banque de France ) ; and a powerful member of a number of other aristocratic administrative councils . Due to Antoine_Lavoisier prominence in the pre - revolutionary government in France , Antoine_Lavoisier was beheaded at the height of the French Revolution , instructing Antoine_Lavoisier assistant to count the number of words Antoine_Lavoisier severed head attempted to mouth . eos
helped to reform chemical nomenclature . Antoine_Lavoisier was also an investor and administrator of the ` ` Ferme Générale , '' a private tax collection company ; chairman of the board of the Discount Bank ( later the Banque de France ) ; and a powerful member of a number of other aristocratic administrative councils . Due to Antoine_Lavoisier prominence in the pre - revolutionary government in France , Antoine_Lavoisier was beheaded at the height of the French Revolution , instructing Antoine_Lavoisier assistant to count the number of words Antoine_Lavoisier severed head attempted to mouth . eos
was also an investor and administrator of the ` ` Ferme Générale , '' a private tax collection company ; chairman of the board of the Discount Bank ( later the Banque de France ) ; and a powerful member of a number of other aristocratic administrative councils . Due to Antoine_Lavoisier prominence in the pre - revolutionary government in France , Antoine_Lavoisier was beheaded at the height of the French Revolution , instructing Antoine_Lavoisier assistant to count the number of words Antoine_Lavoisier severed head attempted to mouth . eos
prominence in the pre - revolutionary government in France , Antoine_Lavoisier was beheaded at the height of the French Revolution , instructing Antoine_Lavoisier assistant to count the number of words Antoine_Lavoisier severed head attempted to mouth . eos
was beheaded at the height of the French Revolution , instructing Antoine_Lavoisier assistant to count the number of words Antoine_Lavoisier severed head attempted to mouth . eos
assistant to count the number of words Antoine_Lavoisier severed head attempted to mouth . eos
severed head attempted to mouth . eos
( born august 1 , 1933 ) is an Italian moral and political philosopher , and a former political inmate . Antonio_Negri is perhaps best - known for Antonio_Negri co - authorship of Empire and Antonio_Negri work on Spinoza . Born in Padua , Antonio_Negri became a political philosophy professor in Antonio_Negri hometown university . eos
is perhaps best - known for Antonio_Negri co - authorship of Empire and Antonio_Negri work on Spinoza . Born in Padua , Antonio_Negri became a political philosophy professor in Antonio_Negri hometown university . Antonio_Negri founded Potere Operaio ( Worker Power ) group in 1969 and Antonio_Negri was a leading member of the Autonomia Marxist group . eos
co - authorship of Empire and Antonio_Negri work on Spinoza . Born in Padua , Antonio_Negri became a political philosophy professor in Antonio_Negri hometown university . Antonio_Negri founded Potere Operaio ( Worker Power ) group in 1969 and Antonio_Negri was a leading member of the Autonomia Marxist group . eos
work on Spinoza . Born in Padua , Antonio_Negri became a political philosophy professor in Antonio_Negri hometown university . Antonio_Negri founded Potere Operaio ( Worker Power ) group in 1969 and Antonio_Negri was a leading member of the Autonomia Marxist group . eos
became a political philosophy professor in Antonio_Negri hometown university . Antonio_Negri founded Potere Operaio ( Worker Power ) group in 1969 and Antonio_Negri was a leading member of the Autonomia Marxist group . Accused in the early 1980s of being the mastermind behind the May 1978 assassination of Aldo Moro , leader of Christian - Democrat Party , Antonio_Negri was later cleared of any links with the Red Brigades who had carried out Moro 's kidnapping . eos
hometown university . Antonio_Negri founded Potere Operaio ( Worker Power ) group in 1969 and Antonio_Negri was a leading member of the Autonomia Marxist group . Accused in the early 1980s of being the mastermind behind the May 1978 assassination of Aldo Moro , leader of Christian - Democrat Party , Antonio_Negri was later cleared of any links with the Red Brigades who had carried out Moro 's kidnapping . eos
founded Potere Operaio ( Worker Power ) group in 1969 and Antonio_Negri was a leading member of the Autonomia Marxist group . Accused in the early 1980s of being the mastermind behind the May 1978 assassination of Aldo Moro , leader of Christian - Democrat Party , Antonio_Negri was later cleared of any links with the Red Brigades who had carried out Moro 's kidnapping . Antonio_Negri was , however , sentenced to a long - term prison sentence on controversial charges of ` ` association and insurrection against the state . '' eos
was a leading member of the Autonomia Marxist group . Accused in the early 1980s of being the mastermind behind the May 1978 assassination of Aldo Moro , leader of Christian - Democrat Party , Antonio_Negri was later cleared of any links with the Red Brigades who had carried out Moro 's kidnapping . Antonio_Negri was , however , sentenced to a long - term prison sentence on controversial charges of ` ` association and insurrection against the state . '' eos
was later cleared of any links with the Red Brigades who had carried out Moro 's kidnapping . Antonio_Negri was , however , sentenced to a long - term prison sentence on controversial charges of ` ` association and insurrection against the state . '' Antonio_Negri went into exile in France and Antonio_Negri taught at the Université de Vincennes ( Paris - VIII ) and the Collège International de Philosophie , along with Jacques Derrida , Michel Foucault and Gilles Deleuze . eos
was , however , sentenced to a long - term prison sentence on controversial charges of ` ` association and insurrection against the state . '' Antonio_Negri went into exile in France and Antonio_Negri taught at the Université de Vincennes ( Paris - VIII ) and the Collège International de Philosophie , along with Jacques Derrida , Michel Foucault and Gilles Deleuze . In 1997 , Antonio_Negri voluntarily returned to Italy to serve the end of Antonio_Negri sentence . eos
went into exile in France and Antonio_Negri taught at the Université de Vincennes ( Paris - VIII ) and the Collège International de Philosophie , along with Jacques Derrida , Michel Foucault and Gilles Deleuze . In 1997 , Antonio_Negri voluntarily returned to Italy to serve the end of Antonio_Negri sentence . Antonio_Negri now divides Antonio_Negri time between Rome , Venice and Paris . eos
taught at the Université de Vincennes ( Paris - VIII ) and the Collège International de Philosophie , along with Jacques Derrida , Michel Foucault and Gilles Deleuze . In 1997 , Antonio_Negri voluntarily returned to Italy to serve the end of Antonio_Negri sentence . Antonio_Negri now divides Antonio_Negri time between Rome , Venice and Paris . eos
voluntarily returned to Italy to serve the end of Antonio_Negri sentence . Antonio_Negri now divides Antonio_Negri time between Rome , Venice and Paris . eos
sentence . Antonio_Negri now divides Antonio_Negri time between Rome , Venice and Paris . eos
now divides Antonio_Negri time between Rome , Venice and Paris . eos
time between Rome , Venice and Paris . eos
( Greek : Ἀρχιμήδης ) ( c. 287 BC - 212 BC ) was an ancient Greek mathematician , physicist , engineer , astronomer , and philosopher born in the seaport colony of Syracuse , Magna Graecia , what is now Sicily . eos
one of the greatest , if not the greatest , mathematicians in antiquity . Carl Friedrich Gauss , himself frequently called the most influential mathematician of all time , modestly claimed that Archimedes was one of the three epoch - making mathematicians ( the others being Isaac Newton and Ferdinand Eisenstein ) . Apart from Archimedes fundamental theoretical contributions to math , Archimedes also shaped the fields of physics and practical engineering , and Archimedes has been called ` ` the greatest scientist ever '' . eos
was one of the three epoch - making mathematicians ( the others being Isaac Newton and Ferdinand Eisenstein ) . Apart from Archimedes fundamental theoretical contributions to math , Archimedes also shaped the fields of physics and practical engineering , and Archimedes has been called ` ` the greatest scientist ever '' . Archimedes was a relative of the Hiero monarchy , which was the ruling family of Syracuse ( Saracussia ) , a seaport kingdom . eos
fundamental theoretical contributions to math , Archimedes also shaped the fields of physics and practical engineering , and Archimedes has been called ` ` the greatest scientist ever '' . Archimedes was a relative of the Hiero monarchy , which was the ruling family of Syracuse ( Saracussia ) , a seaport kingdom . King Hiero II , who was rumored to be Archimedes uncle , commissioned Archimedes to design and fabricate a new class of ships for his navy , which were crucial for the preservation of the ruling class in Syracuse . eos
also shaped the fields of physics and practical engineering , and Archimedes has been called ` ` the greatest scientist ever '' . Archimedes was a relative of the Hiero monarchy , which was the ruling family of Syracuse ( Saracussia ) , a seaport kingdom . King Hiero II , who was rumored to be Archimedes uncle , commissioned Archimedes to design and fabricate a new class of ships for his navy , which were crucial for the preservation of the ruling class in Syracuse . eos
has been called ` ` the greatest scientist ever '' . Archimedes was a relative of the Hiero monarchy , which was the ruling family of Syracuse ( Saracussia ) , a seaport kingdom . King Hiero II , who was rumored to be Archimedes uncle , commissioned Archimedes to design and fabricate a new class of ships for his navy , which were crucial for the preservation of the ruling class in Syracuse . eos
was a relative of the Hiero monarchy , which was the ruling family of Syracuse ( Saracussia ) , a seaport kingdom . King Hiero II , who was rumored to be Archimedes uncle , commissioned Archimedes to design and fabricate a new class of ships for his navy , which were crucial for the preservation of the ruling class in Syracuse . Hiero II had promised large caches of grain to the Romans in the north in return for peace . eos
uncle , commissioned Archimedes to design and fabricate a new class of ships for his navy , which were crucial for the preservation of the ruling class in Syracuse . Hiero II had promised large caches of grain to the Romans in the north in return for peace . Faced with war when unable to present the promised amount , Hiero II commissioned Archimedes to develop a large luxury / supply / war barge in order to serve the changing requirements of his navy . eos
to design and fabricate a new class of ships for his navy , which were crucial for the preservation of the ruling class in Syracuse . Hiero II had promised large caches of grain to the Romans in the north in return for peace . Faced with war when unable to present the promised amount , Hiero II commissioned Archimedes to develop a large luxury / supply / war barge in order to serve the changing requirements of his navy . eos
to develop a large luxury / supply / war barge in order to serve the changing requirements of his navy . It is rumored that the Archimedes Screw was actually an invention of happenstance , as Archimedes needed a tool to remove bilge water . The ship , coined Saracussia , after its nation , may be mythical . eos
needed a tool to remove bilge water . The ship , coined Saracussia , after its nation , may be mythical . There is no record on foundry art , nor any other period pieces depicting its creation . eos
is credited with many inventions and discoveries , some of which we still use today , like Archimedes Archimedes screw . Archimedes was famous for Archimedes compound pulley , a system of pulleys used to lift heavy loads such as ships . Archimedes made several war machines for Archimedes patron and friend Hiero II . eos
Archimedes screw . Archimedes was famous for Archimedes compound pulley , a system of pulleys used to lift heavy loads such as ships . Archimedes made several war machines for Archimedes patron and friend Hiero II . eos
was famous for Archimedes compound pulley , a system of pulleys used to lift heavy loads such as ships . Archimedes made several war machines for Archimedes patron and friend Hiero II . Archimedes did a lot of work in geometry , which included finding the surface areas and volumes of solids accurately . eos
compound pulley , a system of pulleys used to lift heavy loads such as ships . Archimedes made several war machines for Archimedes patron and friend Hiero II . Archimedes did a lot of work in geometry , which included finding the surface areas and volumes of solids accurately . eos
made several war machines for Archimedes patron and friend Hiero II . Archimedes did a lot of work in geometry , which included finding the surface areas and volumes of solids accurately . The work that has made Archimedes famous is Archimedes theory of floating bodies . eos
patron and friend Hiero II . Archimedes did a lot of work in geometry , which included finding the surface areas and volumes of solids accurately . The work that has made Archimedes famous is Archimedes theory of floating bodies . eos
did a lot of work in geometry , which included finding the surface areas and volumes of solids accurately . The work that has made Archimedes famous is Archimedes theory of floating bodies . Archimedes laid down the laws of flotation and Archimedes developed the famous Archimedes ' principle . eos
famous is Archimedes theory of floating bodies . Archimedes laid down the laws of flotation and Archimedes developed the famous Archimedes ' principle . eos
theory of floating bodies . Archimedes laid down the laws of flotation and Archimedes developed the famous Archimedes ' principle . eos
laid down the laws of flotation and Archimedes developed the famous Archimedes ' principle . eos
developed the famous Archimedes ' principle . eos
( Greek : Ἀριστοτέλης Aristotélēs ) eos
wrote on diverse subjects , including physics , poetry , biology and zoology , logic , rhetoric , politics and government , and ethics . Along with Socrates and Plato , Aristotle was one of the most influential of ancient Greek philosophers . They transformed Presocratic Greek philosophy into the foundations of Western philosophy as we know it . eos
was one of the most influential of ancient Greek philosophers . They transformed Presocratic Greek philosophy into the foundations of Western philosophy as we know it . Some consider Plato and Aristotle to have founded two of the most important schools of Ancient philosophy ; others consider Aristotelianism as a development and concretization of Plato 's insights . eos
to have founded two of the most important schools of Ancient philosophy ; others consider Aristotelianism as a development and concretization of Plato 's insights . Although Aristotle wrote dialogues , only fragments of these have survived . The works that have survived are in treatise form and were , for the most part , unpublished texts . eos
wrote dialogues , only fragments of these have survived . The works that have survived are in treatise form and were , for the most part , unpublished texts . These are generally thought to be lecture notes or texts used by Aristotle students . eos
students . Among the most important are Physics , Metaphysics ( or Ontology ) , Nicomachean Ethics , Politics , De Anima ( On the Soul ) and Poetics . These works , although connected in many fundamental ways , differ significantly in both style and substance . eos
was a polymath . Aristotle not only studied almost every subject possible at the time , but Aristotle made significant contributions to most of them . eos
not only studied almost every subject possible at the time , but Aristotle made significant contributions to most of them . In science , Aristotle studied anatomy , astronomy , economics , embryology , geography , geology , meteorology , physics , and zoology . eos
made significant contributions to most of them . In science , Aristotle studied anatomy , astronomy , economics , embryology , geography , geology , meteorology , physics , and zoology . In philosophy , Aristotle wrote on aesthetics , ethics , government , metaphysics , politics , psychology , rhetoric and theology . eos
studied anatomy , astronomy , economics , embryology , geography , geology , meteorology , physics , and zoology . In philosophy , Aristotle wrote on aesthetics , ethics , government , metaphysics , politics , psychology , rhetoric and theology . Aristotle also dealt with education , foreign customs , literature and poetry . eos
wrote on aesthetics , ethics , government , metaphysics , politics , psychology , rhetoric and theology . Aristotle also dealt with education , foreign customs , literature and poetry . Aristotle combined works practically constitute an encyclopedia of Greek knowledge . eos
also dealt with education , foreign customs , literature and poetry . Aristotle combined works practically constitute an encyclopedia of Greek knowledge . eos
combined works practically constitute an encyclopedia of Greek knowledge . eos
, GCMG , KCB ( december 5 , 1875 - november 30 , 1933 ) was the first Canadian commander of the Canadian Expeditionary Force ( a corps of four divisions ) on the Western Front during World War I Arthur_Currie was among the most successful generals of the war ; Arthur_Currie is still considered one of the finest commanders in Canadian military history . Under Arthur_Currie capable leadership the Canadian Corps won a long series of battles , fighting as a unit for the first time in a major war . eos
was among the most successful generals of the war ; Arthur_Currie is still considered one of the finest commanders in Canadian military history . Under Arthur_Currie capable leadership the Canadian Corps won a long series of battles , fighting as a unit for the first time in a major war . They soon earned a fierce reputation as some of the most effective troops on the Western Front . eos
is still considered one of the finest commanders in Canadian military history . Under Arthur_Currie capable leadership the Canadian Corps won a long series of battles , fighting as a unit for the first time in a major war . They soon earned a fierce reputation as some of the most effective troops on the Western Front . eos
capable leadership the Canadian Corps won a long series of battles , fighting as a unit for the first time in a major war . They soon earned a fierce reputation as some of the most effective troops on the Western Front . eos
, 1st Duke of Wellington , KG , GCB , GCH , PC , FRS ( c. 1 May , 1769 - 14 september , 1852 ) was an Irish - born British soldier and statesman , widely considered one of the leading military and political figures of the 19th century . Commissioned an ensign in the British Army , Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington rose to prominence in the Napoleonic Wars , eventually reaching the rank of field marshal . eos
rose to prominence in the Napoleonic Wars , eventually reaching the rank of field marshal . As a general Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington is often compared to the 1st Duke of Marlborough , with whom Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington shared many characteristics , chiefly a transition to politics after a highly successful military career . Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington served as a Tory Prime Minister of the United Kingdom on two separate occasions , and Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington was one of the leading figures in the House of Lords until Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington retirement in 1846 . eos
is often compared to the 1st Duke of Marlborough , with whom Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington shared many characteristics , chiefly a transition to politics after a highly successful military career . Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington served as a Tory Prime Minister of the United Kingdom on two separate occasions , and Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington was one of the leading figures in the House of Lords until Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington retirement in 1846 . eos
shared many characteristics , chiefly a transition to politics after a highly successful military career . Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington served as a Tory Prime Minister of the United Kingdom on two separate occasions , and Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington was one of the leading figures in the House of Lords until Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington retirement in 1846 . eos
served as a Tory Prime Minister of the United Kingdom on two separate occasions , and Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington was one of the leading figures in the House of Lords until Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington retirement in 1846 . eos
was one of the leading figures in the House of Lords until Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington retirement in 1846 . eos
retirement in 1846 . eos
( Malayalam : അരുന ധതി റോയ , Bengali : অরুন্ধতী eos
won the Booker Prize in 1997 for Arundhati_Roy first novel The God of Small Things . Arundhati_Roy was born in Assam to a Keralite Syrian Christian mother , the women 's rights activist Mary Roy , and a Bengali Hindu father , a tea planter by profession . Arundhati_Roy spent Arundhati_Roy childhood in Aymanam in Kerala , and Arundhati_Roy went to school in Corpus Christi . eos
first novel The God of Small Things . Arundhati_Roy was born in Assam to a Keralite Syrian Christian mother , the women 's rights activist Mary Roy , and a Bengali Hindu father , a tea planter by profession . Arundhati_Roy spent Arundhati_Roy childhood in Aymanam in Kerala , and Arundhati_Roy went to school in Corpus Christi . eos
was born in Assam to a Keralite Syrian Christian mother , the women 's rights activist Mary Roy , and a Bengali Hindu father , a tea planter by profession . Arundhati_Roy spent Arundhati_Roy childhood in Aymanam in Kerala , and Arundhati_Roy went to school in Corpus Christi . Arundhati_Roy then studied architecture at the Delhi School of Architecture , where Arundhati_Roy met Arundhati_Roy first husband , architect Gerard Da Cunha . eos
spent Arundhati_Roy childhood in Aymanam in Kerala , and Arundhati_Roy went to school in Corpus Christi . Arundhati_Roy then studied architecture at the Delhi School of Architecture , where Arundhati_Roy met Arundhati_Roy first husband , architect Gerard Da Cunha . Arundhati_Roy lives in New Delhi . eos
childhood in Aymanam in Kerala , and Arundhati_Roy went to school in Corpus Christi . Arundhati_Roy then studied architecture at the Delhi School of Architecture , where Arundhati_Roy met Arundhati_Roy first husband , architect Gerard Da Cunha . Arundhati_Roy lives in New Delhi . eos
went to school in Corpus Christi . Arundhati_Roy then studied architecture at the Delhi School of Architecture , where Arundhati_Roy met Arundhati_Roy first husband , architect Gerard Da Cunha . Arundhati_Roy lives in New Delhi . eos
first husband , architect Gerard Da Cunha . Arundhati_Roy lives in New Delhi . eos
then studied architecture at the Delhi School of Architecture , where Arundhati_Roy met Arundhati_Roy first husband , architect Gerard Da Cunha . Arundhati_Roy lives in New Delhi . eos
met Arundhati_Roy first husband , architect Gerard Da Cunha . Arundhati_Roy lives in New Delhi . eos
lives in New Delhi . eos
( Devanagari : अशोक ( :) ; IAST transliteration : "" IAST : Aśoka ( ḥ ) "" , pronunciation : "" IPA : "" aɕoːkə ( hə ) "" "" ) ( 304 BC-232 BC ) eos
reigned over most of South Asia and beyond , from present - day Afghanistan and parts of Persia in the west , to Bengal and Assam in the east , and as far south as Mysore . A later convert to Buddhism , Ashoka_the_Great established monuments marking several significant sites in the life of Shakyamuni Buddha , and according to Buddhist tradition Ashoka_the_Great was closely involved in the preservation and transmission of Buddhism . The name ` ` Ashoka '' means ` ` without sorrow '' in Sanskrit . eos
established monuments marking several significant sites in the life of Shakyamuni Buddha , and according to Buddhist tradition Ashoka_the_Great was closely involved in the preservation and transmission of Buddhism . The name ` ` Ashoka '' means ` ` without sorrow '' in Sanskrit . In Ashoka_the_Great edicts Ashoka_the_Great is referred to as ` ` Devaanaampriya '' or ` ` The Beloved Of The Gods of heaven '' . eos
was closely involved in the preservation and transmission of Buddhism . The name ` ` Ashoka '' means ` ` without sorrow '' in Sanskrit . In Ashoka_the_Great edicts Ashoka_the_Great is referred to as ` ` Devaanaampriya '' or ` ` The Beloved Of The Gods of heaven '' . eos
edicts Ashoka_the_Great is referred to as ` ` Devaanaampriya '' or ` ` The Beloved Of The Gods of heaven '' . HG Wells wrote of Ashoka_the_Great : ` ` In the history of the world there have been thousands of kings and emperors who called themselves ` their highnesses , ' ` their majesties , ' and ` their exalted majesties ' and so on . They shone for a brief moment , and as quickly disappeared . eos
is referred to as ` ` Devaanaampriya '' or ` ` The Beloved Of The Gods of heaven '' . HG Wells wrote of Ashoka_the_Great : ` ` In the history of the world there have been thousands of kings and emperors who called themselves ` their highnesses , ' ` their majesties , ' and ` their exalted majesties ' and so on . They shone for a brief moment , and as quickly disappeared . eos
: ` ` In the history of the world there have been thousands of kings and emperors who called themselves ` their highnesses , ' ` their majesties , ' and ` their exalted majesties ' and so on . They shone for a brief moment , and as quickly disappeared . But Ashoka shines and shines brightly like a bright star , even unto this day . '' eos
legend is related in the 2nd century CE Ashokavadana ( ` ` Narrative of Ashoka '' ) and Divyavadana ( ` ` Divine narrative '' ) . eos
( May 4 , 1929 - january 20 , 1993 ) was an Academy Award - winning actress , fashion model , and humanitarian . Raised under Nazi rule during World War II , Audrey_Hepburn trained extensively to become a ballerina , before deciding to pursue acting . Audrey_Hepburn first gained notice for Audrey_Hepburn starring role in the Broadway production of Gigi ( 1951 ) . eos
trained extensively to become a ballerina , before deciding to pursue acting . Audrey_Hepburn first gained notice for Audrey_Hepburn starring role in the Broadway production of Gigi ( 1951 ) . Audrey_Hepburn was then cast in Roman Holiday ( 1953 ) as Princess Ann , the role for which Audrey_Hepburn won an Academy Award . eos
first gained notice for Audrey_Hepburn starring role in the Broadway production of Gigi ( 1951 ) . Audrey_Hepburn was then cast in Roman Holiday ( 1953 ) as Princess Ann , the role for which Audrey_Hepburn won an Academy Award . Audrey_Hepburn was one of the leading Hollywood actresses during the 1950s and 1960s and Audrey_Hepburn received four more Academy Award nominations , including one for Audrey_Hepburn iconic performance as Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany 's ( 1961 ) . eos
starring role in the Broadway production of Gigi ( 1951 ) . Audrey_Hepburn was then cast in Roman Holiday ( 1953 ) as Princess Ann , the role for which Audrey_Hepburn won an Academy Award . Audrey_Hepburn was one of the leading Hollywood actresses during the 1950s and 1960s and Audrey_Hepburn received four more Academy Award nominations , including one for Audrey_Hepburn iconic performance as Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany 's ( 1961 ) . eos
was then cast in Roman Holiday ( 1953 ) as Princess Ann , the role for which Audrey_Hepburn won an Academy Award . Audrey_Hepburn was one of the leading Hollywood actresses during the 1950s and 1960s and Audrey_Hepburn received four more Academy Award nominations , including one for Audrey_Hepburn iconic performance as Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany 's ( 1961 ) . In 1964 , Audrey_Hepburn played Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady , the critically acclaimed film adaptation of the play . eos
won an Academy Award . Audrey_Hepburn was one of the leading Hollywood actresses during the 1950s and 1960s and Audrey_Hepburn received four more Academy Award nominations , including one for Audrey_Hepburn iconic performance as Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany 's ( 1961 ) . In 1964 , Audrey_Hepburn played Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady , the critically acclaimed film adaptation of the play . eos
was one of the leading Hollywood actresses during the 1950s and 1960s and Audrey_Hepburn received four more Academy Award nominations , including one for Audrey_Hepburn iconic performance as Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany 's ( 1961 ) . In 1964 , Audrey_Hepburn played Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady , the critically acclaimed film adaptation of the play . Audrey_Hepburn starred in few films in the 1970s and 1980s and instead Audrey_Hepburn devoted Audrey_Hepburn time to Audrey_Hepburn children . eos
received four more Academy Award nominations , including one for Audrey_Hepburn iconic performance as Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany 's ( 1961 ) . In 1964 , Audrey_Hepburn played Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady , the critically acclaimed film adaptation of the play . Audrey_Hepburn starred in few films in the 1970s and 1980s and instead Audrey_Hepburn devoted Audrey_Hepburn time to Audrey_Hepburn children . eos
iconic performance as Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany 's ( 1961 ) . In 1964 , Audrey_Hepburn played Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady , the critically acclaimed film adaptation of the play . Audrey_Hepburn starred in few films in the 1970s and 1980s and instead Audrey_Hepburn devoted Audrey_Hepburn time to Audrey_Hepburn children . eos
played Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady , the critically acclaimed film adaptation of the play . Audrey_Hepburn starred in few films in the 1970s and 1980s and instead Audrey_Hepburn devoted Audrey_Hepburn time to Audrey_Hepburn children . From 1988 until Audrey_Hepburn death in 1993 , Audrey_Hepburn served as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador and Audrey_Hepburn was honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom for Audrey_Hepburn work . eos
starred in few films in the 1970s and 1980s and instead Audrey_Hepburn devoted Audrey_Hepburn time to Audrey_Hepburn children . From 1988 until Audrey_Hepburn death in 1993 , Audrey_Hepburn served as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador and Audrey_Hepburn was honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom for Audrey_Hepburn work . In 1999 , Audrey_Hepburn was ranked as the third greatest female star of all time by the American Film Institute in their list AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Stars . eos
devoted Audrey_Hepburn time to Audrey_Hepburn children . From 1988 until Audrey_Hepburn death in 1993 , Audrey_Hepburn served as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador and Audrey_Hepburn was honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom for Audrey_Hepburn work . In 1999 , Audrey_Hepburn was ranked as the third greatest female star of all time by the American Film Institute in their list AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Stars . eos
time to Audrey_Hepburn children . From 1988 until Audrey_Hepburn death in 1993 , Audrey_Hepburn served as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador and Audrey_Hepburn was honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom for Audrey_Hepburn work . In 1999 , Audrey_Hepburn was ranked as the third greatest female star of all time by the American Film Institute in their list AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Stars . eos
children . From 1988 until Audrey_Hepburn death in 1993 , Audrey_Hepburn served as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador and Audrey_Hepburn was honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom for Audrey_Hepburn work . In 1999 , Audrey_Hepburn was ranked as the third greatest female star of all time by the American Film Institute in their list AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Stars . eos
death in 1993 , Audrey_Hepburn served as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador and Audrey_Hepburn was honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom for Audrey_Hepburn work . In 1999 , Audrey_Hepburn was ranked as the third greatest female star of all time by the American Film Institute in their list AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Stars . eos
served as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador and Audrey_Hepburn was honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom for Audrey_Hepburn work . In 1999 , Audrey_Hepburn was ranked as the third greatest female star of all time by the American Film Institute in their list AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Stars . eos
was honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom for Audrey_Hepburn work . In 1999 , Audrey_Hepburn was ranked as the third greatest female star of all time by the American Film Institute in their list AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Stars . eos
work . In 1999 , Audrey_Hepburn was ranked as the third greatest female star of all time by the American Film Institute in their list AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Stars . eos
was ranked as the third greatest female star of all time by the American Film Institute in their list AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Stars . eos
( Latin : IMP • CAESAR • eos
life prior to 27 BC , was the first and among the most important of the Roman Emperors . Although Augustus preserved the outward form of the Roman Republic , Augustus ruled as an autocrat for 41 years , and Augustus rule is the dividing line between the Republic and the Roman Empire . Augustus ended a century of civil wars and Augustus gave Rome an era of peace , prosperity , and imperial greatness , known as the Pax Romana , or Roman peace . eos
preserved the outward form of the Roman Republic , Augustus ruled as an autocrat for 41 years , and Augustus rule is the dividing line between the Republic and the Roman Empire . Augustus ended a century of civil wars and Augustus gave Rome an era of peace , prosperity , and imperial greatness , known as the Pax Romana , or Roman peace . eos
ruled as an autocrat for 41 years , and Augustus rule is the dividing line between the Republic and the Roman Empire . Augustus ended a century of civil wars and Augustus gave Rome an era of peace , prosperity , and imperial greatness , known as the Pax Romana , or Roman peace . eos
rule is the dividing line between the Republic and the Roman Empire . Augustus ended a century of civil wars and Augustus gave Rome an era of peace , prosperity , and imperial greatness , known as the Pax Romana , or Roman peace . eos
ended a century of civil wars and Augustus gave Rome an era of peace , prosperity , and imperial greatness , known as the Pax Romana , or Roman peace . eos
gave Rome an era of peace , prosperity , and imperial greatness , known as the Pax Romana , or Roman peace . eos
( born september 27 , 1984 ) is a Juno Award - winning Canadian singer , songwriter , and occasional actress . Avril_Lavigne was originally known for Avril_Lavigne ` ` skater punk '' persona , but Avril_Lavigne has since shed that image in favour of a more sophisticated and feminine style . Avril_Lavigne two albums , eos
was originally known for Avril_Lavigne ` ` skater punk '' persona , but Avril_Lavigne has since shed that image in favour of a more sophisticated and feminine style . Avril_Lavigne two albums , Let Go ( 2002 ) and Under My Skin ( 2004 ) , have topped charts in several countries . eos
` ` skater punk '' persona , but Avril_Lavigne has since shed that image in favour of a more sophisticated and feminine style . Avril_Lavigne two albums , Let Go ( 2002 ) and Under My Skin ( 2004 ) , have topped charts in several countries . eos
has since shed that image in favour of a more sophisticated and feminine style . Avril_Lavigne two albums , Let Go ( 2002 ) and Under My Skin ( 2004 ) , have topped charts in several countries . eos
two albums , Let Go ( 2002 ) and Under My Skin ( 2004 ) , have topped charts in several countries . Although Avril_Lavigne surname is of French origin , Avril_Lavigne does not speak French and Avril_Lavigne name is pronounced in an anglicized way , somewhat as IPA : ləˈviːn ( ` ` La - veen '' ) , rather than IPA : laˈviːɲ . Lavigne , or rather la vigne , in French means the vine or the vineyard . eos
surname is of French origin , Avril_Lavigne does not speak French and Avril_Lavigne name is pronounced in an anglicized way , somewhat as IPA : ləˈviːn ( ` ` La - veen '' ) , rather than IPA : laˈviːɲ . Lavigne , or rather la vigne , in French means the vine or the vineyard . Avril_Lavigne first name , Avril , is French for april , but is also pronounced in an anglicized way as IPA : ˈævrəl ( ` ` Av - ril '' ) , rather than IPA : aˈvril . Avril_Lavigne is featured in Maxim magazine 's Maxim gallery . eos
does not speak French and Avril_Lavigne name is pronounced in an anglicized way , somewhat as IPA : ləˈviːn ( ` ` La - veen '' ) , rather than IPA : laˈviːɲ . Lavigne , or rather la vigne , in French means the vine or the vineyard . Avril_Lavigne first name , Avril , is French for april , but is also pronounced in an anglicized way as IPA : ˈævrəl ( ` ` Av - ril '' ) , rather than IPA : aˈvril . Avril_Lavigne is featured in Maxim magazine 's Maxim gallery . eos
name is pronounced in an anglicized way , somewhat as IPA : ləˈviːn ( ` ` La - veen '' ) , rather than IPA : laˈviːɲ . Lavigne , or rather la vigne , in French means the vine or the vineyard . Avril_Lavigne first name , Avril , is French for april , but is also pronounced in an anglicized way as IPA : ˈævrəl ( ` ` Av - ril '' ) , rather than IPA : aˈvril . Avril_Lavigne is featured in Maxim magazine 's Maxim gallery . eos
first name , Avril , is French for april , but is also pronounced in an anglicized way as IPA : ˈævrəl ( ` ` Av - ril '' ) , rather than IPA : aˈvril . Avril_Lavigne is featured in Maxim magazine 's Maxim gallery . In 2006 , Avril_Lavigne was included in Canadian Business Magazine 's ranking of the most powerful Canadians in Hollywood , grabbing the seventh position . eos
is featured in Maxim magazine 's Maxim gallery . In 2006 , Avril_Lavigne was included in Canadian Business Magazine 's ranking of the most powerful Canadians in Hollywood , grabbing the seventh position . eos
was included in Canadian Business Magazine 's ranking of the most powerful Canadians in Hollywood , grabbing the seventh position . eos
( pronunciation ) , born Ayaan Hirsi Magan 13 november 1969 in Mogadishu , Somalia , is a Dutch feminist and politician , daughter of Hirsi Magan Isse . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali is a prominent ( and often controversial ) author , film maker , and critic of Islam . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali was a member of the Tweede Kamer ( the Lower House of the States - General of the Netherlands ) for the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) from january 30 2003 until May 16 , 2006 . eos
is a prominent ( and often controversial ) author , film maker , and critic of Islam . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali was a member of the Tweede Kamer ( the Lower House of the States - General of the Netherlands ) for the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) from january 30 2003 until May 16 , 2006 . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali has had to maintain a high level of security due to threats against Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali life for voicing views critical of Islam . eos
was a member of the Tweede Kamer ( the Lower House of the States - General of the Netherlands ) for the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) from january 30 2003 until May 16 , 2006 . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali has had to maintain a high level of security due to threats against Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali life for voicing views critical of Islam . For example , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali film Submission , directed by Theo van Gogh ( who himself was assassinated for this film ) , made Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali one of the targets of the Hofstad Network . eos
has had to maintain a high level of security due to threats against Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali life for voicing views critical of Islam . For example , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali film Submission , directed by Theo van Gogh ( who himself was assassinated for this film ) , made Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali one of the targets of the Hofstad Network . On May 15 , 2006 , officials of the Netherlands government cast doubt on Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali status as a Dutch national , because Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali provided false information in Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali application for refugee status in the Netherlands . eos
life for voicing views critical of Islam . For example , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali film Submission , directed by Theo van Gogh ( who himself was assassinated for this film ) , made Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali one of the targets of the Hofstad Network . On May 15 , 2006 , officials of the Netherlands government cast doubt on Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali status as a Dutch national , because Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali provided false information in Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali application for refugee status in the Netherlands . eos
film Submission , directed by Theo van Gogh ( who himself was assassinated for this film ) , made Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali one of the targets of the Hofstad Network . On May 15 , 2006 , officials of the Netherlands government cast doubt on Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali status as a Dutch national , because Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali provided false information in Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali application for refugee status in the Netherlands . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali later used the same false information when Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali applied for , and was granted , Dutch citizenship . eos
one of the targets of the Hofstad Network . On May 15 , 2006 , officials of the Netherlands government cast doubt on Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali status as a Dutch national , because Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali provided false information in Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali application for refugee status in the Netherlands . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali later used the same false information when Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali applied for , and was granted , Dutch citizenship . eos
application for refugee status in the Netherlands . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali later used the same false information when Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali applied for , and was granted , Dutch citizenship . The Dutch minister of immigration and integration , Rita Verdonk , moved to annul Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali citizenship , a move that was later overridden on the urging of Parliament . eos
status as a Dutch national , because Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali provided false information in Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali application for refugee status in the Netherlands . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali later used the same false information when Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali applied for , and was granted , Dutch citizenship . The Dutch minister of immigration and integration , Rita Verdonk , moved to annul Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali citizenship , a move that was later overridden on the urging of Parliament . eos
provided false information in Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali application for refugee status in the Netherlands . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali later used the same false information when Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali applied for , and was granted , Dutch citizenship . The Dutch minister of immigration and integration , Rita Verdonk , moved to annul Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali citizenship , a move that was later overridden on the urging of Parliament . eos
later used the same false information when Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali applied for , and was granted , Dutch citizenship . The Dutch minister of immigration and integration , Rita Verdonk , moved to annul Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali citizenship , a move that was later overridden on the urging of Parliament . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali released to the New York Times personal letters from Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali father and other family members that affirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali story about fleeing a forced marriage . eos
applied for , and was granted , Dutch citizenship . The Dutch minister of immigration and integration , Rita Verdonk , moved to annul Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali citizenship , a move that was later overridden on the urging of Parliament . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali released to the New York Times personal letters from Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali father and other family members that affirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali story about fleeing a forced marriage . eos
citizenship , a move that was later overridden on the urging of Parliament . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali released to the New York Times personal letters from Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali father and other family members that affirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali story about fleeing a forced marriage . On june 27 , 2006 , the Dutch government announced that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would keep Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali Dutch citizenship after Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali signed the dictate that indirectly lead to the fall of the second Balkenende cabinet . eos
released to the New York Times personal letters from Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali father and other family members that affirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali story about fleeing a forced marriage . On june 27 , 2006 , the Dutch government announced that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would keep Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali Dutch citizenship after Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali signed the dictate that indirectly lead to the fall of the second Balkenende cabinet . On May 16 , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali announced Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali resignation from parliament and Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali confirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali previous statement that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would move to the United States to work at the American Enterprise Institute , a pro - market economics think tank . eos
father and other family members that affirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali story about fleeing a forced marriage . On june 27 , 2006 , the Dutch government announced that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would keep Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali Dutch citizenship after Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali signed the dictate that indirectly lead to the fall of the second Balkenende cabinet . On May 16 , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali announced Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali resignation from parliament and Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali confirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali previous statement that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would move to the United States to work at the American Enterprise Institute , a pro - market economics think tank . eos
story about fleeing a forced marriage . On june 27 , 2006 , the Dutch government announced that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would keep Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali Dutch citizenship after Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali signed the dictate that indirectly lead to the fall of the second Balkenende cabinet . On May 16 , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali announced Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali resignation from parliament and Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali confirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali previous statement that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would move to the United States to work at the American Enterprise Institute , a pro - market economics think tank . eos
would keep Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali Dutch citizenship after Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali signed the dictate that indirectly lead to the fall of the second Balkenende cabinet . On May 16 , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali announced Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali resignation from parliament and Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali confirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali previous statement that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would move to the United States to work at the American Enterprise Institute , a pro - market economics think tank . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali prospective arrival in september 2006 was welcomed by Deputy US Secretary of State Robert Zoellick . eos
Dutch citizenship after Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali signed the dictate that indirectly lead to the fall of the second Balkenende cabinet . On May 16 , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali announced Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali resignation from parliament and Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali confirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali previous statement that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would move to the United States to work at the American Enterprise Institute , a pro - market economics think tank . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali prospective arrival in september 2006 was welcomed by Deputy US Secretary of State Robert Zoellick . eos
signed the dictate that indirectly lead to the fall of the second Balkenende cabinet . On May 16 , Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali announced Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali resignation from parliament and Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali confirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali previous statement that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would move to the United States to work at the American Enterprise Institute , a pro - market economics think tank . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali prospective arrival in september 2006 was welcomed by Deputy US Secretary of State Robert Zoellick . eos
announced Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali resignation from parliament and Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali confirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali previous statement that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would move to the United States to work at the American Enterprise Institute , a pro - market economics think tank . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali prospective arrival in september 2006 was welcomed by Deputy US Secretary of State Robert Zoellick . eos
resignation from parliament and Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali confirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali previous statement that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would move to the United States to work at the American Enterprise Institute , a pro - market economics think tank . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali prospective arrival in september 2006 was welcomed by Deputy US Secretary of State Robert Zoellick . eos
confirmed Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali previous statement that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would move to the United States to work at the American Enterprise Institute , a pro - market economics think tank . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali prospective arrival in september 2006 was welcomed by Deputy US Secretary of State Robert Zoellick . eos
previous statement that Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali would move to the United States to work at the American Enterprise Institute , a pro - market economics think tank . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali prospective arrival in september 2006 was welcomed by Deputy US Secretary of State Robert Zoellick . eos
would move to the United States to work at the American Enterprise Institute , a pro - market economics think tank . Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali prospective arrival in september 2006 was welcomed by Deputy US Secretary of State Robert Zoellick . eos
prospective arrival in september 2006 was welcomed by Deputy US Secretary of State Robert Zoellick . eos
, CBE , FRS , RDI , commonly known as Barnes Wallis , ( september 26 1887 - october 30 1979 ) was an English scientist , engineer and inventor . Barnes_Wallis is best known for inventing the bouncing bomb used by the RAF in Operation Chastise ( the Dambusters Raid ) to attack the Möhne and Eder dams in the Ruhr area in May 1943 , during the Second World War . eos
is best known for inventing the bouncing bomb used by the RAF in Operation Chastise ( the Dambusters Raid ) to attack the Möhne and Eder dams in the Ruhr area in May 1943 , during the Second World War . eos
( c. 480 - 543 ) , born at Nursia ( Norcia ) , Italy , was the founder of western monasticism . Many of those monastic men and women belong to a Christian religious order named in Benedict_of_Nursia honor , the Order of Saint Benedict . Benedict_of_Nursia was canonized in 1220 . eos
honor , the Order of Saint Benedict . Benedict_of_Nursia was canonized in 1220 . The only authentic life of Benedict_of_Nursia is that contained in the second book of St Gregory 's Dialogues . eos
was canonized in 1220 . The only authentic life of Benedict_of_Nursia is that contained in the second book of St Gregory 's Dialogues . It is more of a character sketch than a biography and consists , for the most part , of a number of miraculous incidents , which , although they illustrate the life of Benedict_of_Nursia , give little help towards a chronological account of Benedict_of_Nursia career . eos
is that contained in the second book of St Gregory 's Dialogues . It is more of a character sketch than a biography and consists , for the most part , of a number of miraculous incidents , which , although they illustrate the life of Benedict_of_Nursia , give little help towards a chronological account of Benedict_of_Nursia career . St Gregory 's authorities for all that he relates were Benedict_of_Nursia own disciples , eos
, give little help towards a chronological account of Benedict_of_Nursia career . St Gregory 's authorities for all that he relates were Benedict_of_Nursia own disciples , viz . eos
career . St Gregory 's authorities for all that he relates were Benedict_of_Nursia own disciples , viz . eos
own disciples , viz . Constantinus , who succeeded Benedict_of_Nursia as Abbot of Monte Cassino ; and Honoratus , who was Abbot of Subiaco when St Gregory wrote his Dialogues . eos
as Abbot of Monte Cassino ; and Honoratus , who was Abbot of Subiaco when St Gregory wrote his Dialogues . eos
( july 29 1883 - april 28 , 1945 ) was the Prime - Minister and dictator of Italy from 1922 until Benito_Mussolini overthrow in 1943 . Benito_Mussolini established a repressive fascist regime that valued nationalism , militarism and anti - communism combined with strict censorship and state propaganda . Benito_Mussolini became a close ally of German dictator Adolf Hitler , whom Benito_Mussolini influenced . eos
overthrow in 1943 . Benito_Mussolini established a repressive fascist regime that valued nationalism , militarism and anti - communism combined with strict censorship and state propaganda . Benito_Mussolini became a close ally of German dictator Adolf Hitler , whom Benito_Mussolini influenced . eos
established a repressive fascist regime that valued nationalism , militarism and anti - communism combined with strict censorship and state propaganda . Benito_Mussolini became a close ally of German dictator Adolf Hitler , whom Benito_Mussolini influenced . Benito_Mussolini entered the war in june , 1940 on the side of Nazi Germany . eos
became a close ally of German dictator Adolf Hitler , whom Benito_Mussolini influenced . Benito_Mussolini entered the war in june , 1940 on the side of Nazi Germany . Three years later , the Allies invaded Italy . eos
influenced . Benito_Mussolini entered the war in june , 1940 on the side of Nazi Germany . Three years later , the Allies invaded Italy . eos
entered the war in june , 1940 on the side of Nazi Germany . Three years later , the Allies invaded Italy . In april 1945 Benito_Mussolini attempted to escape to Switzerland , only to be captured and executed near the lake of Como by Communist Resistance units . eos
attempted to escape to Switzerland , only to be captured and executed near the lake of Como by Communist Resistance units . eos
, 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein , KG , GCB , DSO , PC ( 17 november 1887 - 24 march 1976 ) was a British Army officer , often referred to as ` ` Monty '' . Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein successfully commanded Allied forces at the Battle of El Alamein , a major turning point in World War II , and troops under Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein command were largely responsible for the expulsion of Axis forces from North Africa . Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein was later a prominent commander in Italy and North - West Europe , where Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein was in command of all Allied ground forces during Operation Overlord and then until after the Battle of Normandy . eos
successfully commanded Allied forces at the Battle of El Alamein , a major turning point in World War II , and troops under Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein command were largely responsible for the expulsion of Axis forces from North Africa . Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein was later a prominent commander in Italy and North - West Europe , where Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein was in command of all Allied ground forces during Operation Overlord and then until after the Battle of Normandy . eos
command were largely responsible for the expulsion of Axis forces from North Africa . Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein was later a prominent commander in Italy and North - West Europe , where Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein was in command of all Allied ground forces during Operation Overlord and then until after the Battle of Normandy . eos
was later a prominent commander in Italy and North - West Europe , where Bernard_Montgomery_1st_Viscount_Montgomery_of_Alamein was in command of all Allied ground forces during Operation Overlord and then until after the Battle of Normandy . eos
was in command of all Allied ground forces during Operation Overlord and then until after the Battle of Normandy . eos
( born William Jefferson Blythe III on august 19 1946 ) was the 42nd President of the United States , serving from 1993 to 2001 . Before Bill_Clinton election as President , Bill_Clinton served nearly 12 years as the 50th and 52nd Governor of Arkansas . Bill_Clinton wife , Hillary Rodham Clinton , is the junior United States Senator from New York , where they both reside . eos
election as President , Bill_Clinton served nearly 12 years as the 50th and 52nd Governor of Arkansas . Bill_Clinton wife , Hillary Rodham Clinton , is the junior United States Senator from New York , where they both reside . Bill_Clinton founded and heads the William J Clinton Foundation . eos
served nearly 12 years as the 50th and 52nd Governor of Arkansas . Bill_Clinton wife , Hillary Rodham Clinton , is the junior United States Senator from New York , where they both reside . Bill_Clinton founded and heads the William J Clinton Foundation . eos
wife , Hillary Rodham Clinton , is the junior United States Senator from New York , where they both reside . Bill_Clinton founded and heads the William J Clinton Foundation . eos
founded and heads the William J Clinton Foundation . eos
VC CB DSO & amp ; Bar MC DCED ( 8 february 1894 - 11 september 1956 ) was a Canadian First World War flying ace , officially credited with 72 victories , the highest number for a British Empire pilot . eos
( born january 6 , 1965 ) is an Adjunct Professor at the Copenhagen Business School and a former director of the Environmental Assessment Institute in Copenhagen . Bjorn_Lomborg became internationally - known for Bjorn_Lomborg best - selling and controversial book The Skeptical Environmentalist . eos
became internationally - known for Bjorn_Lomborg best - selling and controversial book The Skeptical Environmentalist . After the book 's publication , members of the Danish scientific community accused Bjorn_Lomborg of scientific dishonesty . eos
best - selling and controversial book The Skeptical Environmentalist . After the book 's publication , members of the Danish scientific community accused Bjorn_Lomborg of scientific dishonesty . eos
of scientific dishonesty . These allegations were investigated by appropriate arms of the Danish government and in the end , no official charges were left standing . However , many scientists - including the majority of climatologists - remain critical of Bjorn_Lomborg work . eos
work . In 2002 , Bjorn_Lomborg and the Environmental Assessment Institute founded the Copenhagen Consensus , which sought to establish priorities for advancing global welfare using methodologies based on the theory of welfare economics . eos
and the Environmental Assessment Institute founded the Copenhagen Consensus , which sought to establish priorities for advancing global welfare using methodologies based on the theory of welfare economics . eos
, KBE ( born october 5 1951 ) is an Irish singer , songwriter , actor and political activist . eos
, OBE ( born Barking , England , april 12 , 1941 - died London , february 24 , 1993 ) was an English footballer . Bobby_Moore captained West Ham United for more than ten years and Bobby_Moore was skipper of the England team which won the 1966 World Cup . Bobby_Moore is widely regarded as the finest captain England has ever had , and one of the greatest defenders the world has seen . eos
captained West Ham United for more than ten years and Bobby_Moore was skipper of the England team which won the 1966 World Cup . Bobby_Moore is widely regarded as the finest captain England has ever had , and one of the greatest defenders the world has seen . eos
was skipper of the England team which won the 1966 World Cup . Bobby_Moore is widely regarded as the finest captain England has ever had , and one of the greatest defenders the world has seen . eos
is widely regarded as the finest captain England has ever had , and one of the greatest defenders the world has seen . eos
( born 10 May 1960 ) , better known as Bono ( pronounced Bohn - oh ) , is the lead singer and occasional rhythm guitarist / harmonicist of the Irish rock band U2 . Bono is also known for Bono humanitarian work in Africa and Bono efforts in cancelling the debt of poor third world countries . eos
is also known for Bono humanitarian work in Africa and Bono efforts in cancelling the debt of poor third world countries . eos
humanitarian work in Africa and Bono efforts in cancelling the debt of poor third world countries . eos
efforts in cancelling the debt of poor third world countries . eos
( also Boudicca , formerly better known as Boadicea ) ( d. 60/61 ) was a queen of the Brythonic Celtic Iceni people of Norfolk in Eastern Britain Boudica led a major uprising of the tribes against the occupying forces of the Roman Empire . Upon the death of Boudica husband Prasutagus , the Romans annexed his kingdom and brutally humiliated Boudica and Boudica daughters , spurring Boudica leadership of the revolt . eos
led a major uprising of the tribes against the occupying forces of the Roman Empire . Upon the death of Boudica husband Prasutagus , the Romans annexed his kingdom and brutally humiliated Boudica and Boudica daughters , spurring Boudica leadership of the revolt . In 60 or 61 , while governor Gaius Suetonius Paulinus was leading a campaign on the island of Anglesey in north Wales , Boudica led the Iceni , along with the Trinovantes and others , in a rebellion which destroyed the former Trinovantian capital and Roman colonia of Camulodunum ( Colchester ) , and routed the Roman Legio IX Hispana under Quintus Petillius Cerialis . eos
husband Prasutagus , the Romans annexed his kingdom and brutally humiliated Boudica and Boudica daughters , spurring Boudica leadership of the revolt . In 60 or 61 , while governor Gaius Suetonius Paulinus was leading a campaign on the island of Anglesey in north Wales , Boudica led the Iceni , along with the Trinovantes and others , in a rebellion which destroyed the former Trinovantian capital and Roman colonia of Camulodunum ( Colchester ) , and routed the Roman Legio IX Hispana under Quintus Petillius Cerialis . Boudica army then burned to the ground the twenty - year - old settlement of Londinium ( London ) and destroyed Verulamium ( St Albans ) , killing an estimated 70,000 - 80,000 people . eos
and Boudica daughters , spurring Boudica leadership of the revolt . In 60 or 61 , while governor Gaius Suetonius Paulinus was leading a campaign on the island of Anglesey in north Wales , Boudica led the Iceni , along with the Trinovantes and others , in a rebellion which destroyed the former Trinovantian capital and Roman colonia of Camulodunum ( Colchester ) , and routed the Roman Legio IX Hispana under Quintus Petillius Cerialis . Boudica army then burned to the ground the twenty - year - old settlement of Londinium ( London ) and destroyed Verulamium ( St Albans ) , killing an estimated 70,000 - 80,000 people . eos
daughters , spurring Boudica leadership of the revolt . In 60 or 61 , while governor Gaius Suetonius Paulinus was leading a campaign on the island of Anglesey in north Wales , Boudica led the Iceni , along with the Trinovantes and others , in a rebellion which destroyed the former Trinovantian capital and Roman colonia of Camulodunum ( Colchester ) , and routed the Roman Legio IX Hispana under Quintus Petillius Cerialis . Boudica army then burned to the ground the twenty - year - old settlement of Londinium ( London ) and destroyed Verulamium ( St Albans ) , killing an estimated 70,000 - 80,000 people . eos
leadership of the revolt . In 60 or 61 , while governor Gaius Suetonius Paulinus was leading a campaign on the island of Anglesey in north Wales , Boudica led the Iceni , along with the Trinovantes and others , in a rebellion which destroyed the former Trinovantian capital and Roman colonia of Camulodunum ( Colchester ) , and routed the Roman Legio IX Hispana under Quintus Petillius Cerialis . Boudica army then burned to the ground the twenty - year - old settlement of Londinium ( London ) and destroyed Verulamium ( St Albans ) , killing an estimated 70,000 - 80,000 people . eos
led the Iceni , along with the Trinovantes and others , in a rebellion which destroyed the former Trinovantian capital and Roman colonia of Camulodunum ( Colchester ) , and routed the Roman Legio IX Hispana under Quintus Petillius Cerialis . Boudica army then burned to the ground the twenty - year - old settlement of Londinium ( London ) and destroyed Verulamium ( St Albans ) , killing an estimated 70,000 - 80,000 people . Roman emperor Nero briefly considered withdrawing Roman forces from the island , but ultimately Boudica was defeated at the Battle of Watling Street by the heavily outnumbered forces of governor Suetonius . eos
army then burned to the ground the twenty - year - old settlement of Londinium ( London ) and destroyed Verulamium ( St Albans ) , killing an estimated 70,000 - 80,000 people . Roman emperor Nero briefly considered withdrawing Roman forces from the island , but ultimately Boudica was defeated at the Battle of Watling Street by the heavily outnumbered forces of governor Suetonius . The chronicles of these events , as recorded by the historians Tacitus and Dio Cassius , were rediscovered during the Renaissance and led to a resurgence of Boudica legendary fame during the Victorian era , when Queen Victoria was portrayed as Boudica ` ` namesake '' . eos
was defeated at the Battle of Watling Street by the heavily outnumbered forces of governor Suetonius . The chronicles of these events , as recorded by the historians Tacitus and Dio Cassius , were rediscovered during the Renaissance and led to a resurgence of Boudica legendary fame during the Victorian era , when Queen Victoria was portrayed as Boudica ` ` namesake '' . Boudica has since remained an important cultural symbol in the United Kingdom . eos
legendary fame during the Victorian era , when Queen Victoria was portrayed as Boudica ` ` namesake '' . Boudica has since remained an important cultural symbol in the United Kingdom . eos
` ` namesake '' . Boudica has since remained an important cultural symbol in the United Kingdom . eos
has since remained an important cultural symbol in the United Kingdom . eos
, better known as Boy George , ( born june 14 , 1961 , in Eltham , Kent , England ) is an English singer - songwriter . Boy_George grew up in a large , working - class Irish family . eos
grew up in a large , working - class Irish family . eos
( born july 2 , 1957 in Calgary , Alberta ) is a Canadian former professional wrestler , and part of the famous Hart wrestling family . In the course of Bret_Hart career , Bret_Hart was known by several monikers : Bret ` ` Hit Man '' Hart , ( adopted from boxer Thomas Hearns ) , ` ` The Excellence of Execution '' ( originally dubbed as such by Gorilla Monsoon ) and perhaps the most resounding , ` ` The best there is , the best there was , and the best there ever will be '' ( derived from the 1984 film The Natural , which starred Robert Redford ) . eos
career , Bret_Hart was known by several monikers : Bret ` ` Hit Man '' Hart , ( adopted from boxer Thomas Hearns ) , ` ` The Excellence of Execution '' ( originally dubbed as such by Gorilla Monsoon ) and perhaps the most resounding , ` ` The best there is , the best there was , and the best there ever will be '' ( derived from the 1984 film The Natural , which starred Robert Redford ) . Bret_Hart justifies Bret_Hart claim to the latter title by citing three facts : that Bret_Hart never seriously injured an opponent through any fault of Bret_Hart own ; that , in the course of Bret_Hart career with the World Wrestling Federation , Bret_Hart only ever missed two shows , both as a result of traffic and flight difficulties , and that Bret_Hart rarely refused to job . eos
was known by several monikers : Bret ` ` Hit Man '' Hart , ( adopted from boxer Thomas Hearns ) , ` ` The Excellence of Execution '' ( originally dubbed as such by Gorilla Monsoon ) and perhaps the most resounding , ` ` The best there is , the best there was , and the best there ever will be '' ( derived from the 1984 film The Natural , which starred Robert Redford ) . Bret_Hart justifies Bret_Hart claim to the latter title by citing three facts : that Bret_Hart never seriously injured an opponent through any fault of Bret_Hart own ; that , in the course of Bret_Hart career with the World Wrestling Federation , Bret_Hart only ever missed two shows , both as a result of traffic and flight difficulties , and that Bret_Hart rarely refused to job . eos
rarely refused to job . eos
justifies Bret_Hart claim to the latter title by citing three facts : that Bret_Hart never seriously injured an opponent through any fault of Bret_Hart own ; that , in the course of Bret_Hart career with the World Wrestling Federation , Bret_Hart only ever missed two shows , both as a result of traffic and flight difficulties , and that Bret_Hart rarely refused to job . eos
claim to the latter title by citing three facts : that Bret_Hart never seriously injured an opponent through any fault of Bret_Hart own ; that , in the course of Bret_Hart career with the World Wrestling Federation , Bret_Hart only ever missed two shows , both as a result of traffic and flight difficulties , and that Bret_Hart rarely refused to job . eos
never seriously injured an opponent through any fault of Bret_Hart own ; that , in the course of Bret_Hart career with the World Wrestling Federation , Bret_Hart only ever missed two shows , both as a result of traffic and flight difficulties , and that Bret_Hart rarely refused to job . eos
own ; that , in the course of Bret_Hart career with the World Wrestling Federation , Bret_Hart only ever missed two shows , both as a result of traffic and flight difficulties , and that Bret_Hart rarely refused to job . eos
career with the World Wrestling Federation , Bret_Hart only ever missed two shows , both as a result of traffic and flight difficulties , and that Bret_Hart rarely refused to job . eos
only ever missed two shows , both as a result of traffic and flight difficulties , and that Bret_Hart rarely refused to job . eos
, PC , CC , GOQ , LLD ( born march 20 , 1939 ) , was the eighteenth Prime Minister of Canada from september 17 , 1984 , to june 25 , 1993 and Brian_Mulroney was leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada from 1983 to 1993 . According to Canadian protocol , as a former Prime Minister , Brian_Mulroney is called ` ` The Right Honourable '' for life . Brian_Mulroney became Prime Minister after Brian_Mulroney Progressive Conservatives won the most parliamentary seats in Canadian history . eos
was leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada from 1983 to 1993 . According to Canadian protocol , as a former Prime Minister , Brian_Mulroney is called ` ` The Right Honourable '' for life . Brian_Mulroney became Prime Minister after Brian_Mulroney Progressive Conservatives won the most parliamentary seats in Canadian history . eos
is called ` ` The Right Honourable '' for life . Brian_Mulroney became Prime Minister after Brian_Mulroney Progressive Conservatives won the most parliamentary seats in Canadian history . At the time , Brian_Mulroney was unique in Canadian politics in that Brian_Mulroney had never been a career politician . eos
became Prime Minister after Brian_Mulroney Progressive Conservatives won the most parliamentary seats in Canadian history . At the time , Brian_Mulroney was unique in Canadian politics in that Brian_Mulroney had never been a career politician . Instead Brian_Mulroney was a longtime businessman and Brian_Mulroney had become leader of the Progressive Conservative Party without ever having been elected to public office . eos
Progressive Conservatives won the most parliamentary seats in Canadian history . At the time , Brian_Mulroney was unique in Canadian politics in that Brian_Mulroney had never been a career politician . Instead Brian_Mulroney was a longtime businessman and Brian_Mulroney had become leader of the Progressive Conservative Party without ever having been elected to public office . eos
was unique in Canadian politics in that Brian_Mulroney had never been a career politician . Instead Brian_Mulroney was a longtime businessman and Brian_Mulroney had become leader of the Progressive Conservative Party without ever having been elected to public office . eos
had never been a career politician . Instead Brian_Mulroney was a longtime businessman and Brian_Mulroney had become leader of the Progressive Conservative Party without ever having been elected to public office . eos
was a longtime businessman and Brian_Mulroney had become leader of the Progressive Conservative Party without ever having been elected to public office . eos
had become leader of the Progressive Conservative Party without ever having been elected to public office . eos
, OC , OBC ( born 5 november 1959 , Kingston , Ontario ) is a Canadian rock singer , guitarist and songwriter . Some of Bryan_Adams best - known albums are Reckless , Waking up the Neighbours and 18 ' Til I Die . eos
best - known albums are Reckless , Waking up the Neighbours and 18 ' Til I Die . Bryan_Adams was awarded the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for Bryan_Adams contribution to popular music and Bryan_Adams philanthropic work . eos
was awarded the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for Bryan_Adams contribution to popular music and Bryan_Adams philanthropic work . Bryan_Adams was also inducted into Canada 's Walk of Fame in 1998 , and more recently inducted into the Music Hall of Fame at Canada 's Juno Awards april 2006 . Bryan_Adams has been nominated for three Academy Awards for songwriting . eos
contribution to popular music and Bryan_Adams philanthropic work . Bryan_Adams was also inducted into Canada 's Walk of Fame in 1998 , and more recently inducted into the Music Hall of Fame at Canada 's Juno Awards april 2006 . Bryan_Adams has been nominated for three Academy Awards for songwriting . eos
philanthropic work . Bryan_Adams was also inducted into Canada 's Walk of Fame in 1998 , and more recently inducted into the Music Hall of Fame at Canada 's Juno Awards april 2006 . Bryan_Adams has been nominated for three Academy Awards for songwriting . eos
was also inducted into Canada 's Walk of Fame in 1998 , and more recently inducted into the Music Hall of Fame at Canada 's Juno Awards april 2006 . Bryan_Adams has been nominated for three Academy Awards for songwriting . eos
has been nominated for three Academy Awards for songwriting . eos
, OM , D Mus ( born december 31 , 1947 ) is a Canadian musician and songwriter . A pianist and a showman , Burton_Cummings was the lead singer for the Canadian rock band ` ` The Guess Who , '' and during Burton_Cummings 10 years in ` ` The Guess eos
was the lead singer for the Canadian rock band ` ` The Guess Who , '' and during Burton_Cummings 10 years in ` ` The Guess Who '' from 1965 to 1975 , Burton_Cummings sang many well known songs , including ` ` American Woman , '' ` ` No Time , '' ` ` Share the Land , '' ` ` Hand Me Down World , '' ` ` Undun , '' and ` ` These Eyes . '' eos
10 years in ` ` The Guess Who '' from 1965 to 1975 , Burton_Cummings sang many well known songs , including ` ` American Woman , '' ` ` No Time , '' ` ` Share the Land , '' ` ` Hand Me Down World , '' ` ` Undun , '' and ` ` These Eyes . '' eos
sang many well known songs , including ` ` American Woman , '' ` ` No Time , '' ` ` Share the Land , '' ` ` Hand Me Down World , '' ` ` Undun , '' and ` ` These Eyes . '' eos
( born april 2 , 1947 in Endicott , New York ) is an American social critic , intellectual , author and teacher . Camille_Paglia is a professor of humanities and media studies at the University of the Arts in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Camille_Paglia has been called the ` ` feminist that other feminists love to hate '' , one of the world 's top 100 intellectuals by the UK 's Prospect Magazine , and by Camille_Paglia own description ` ` a feminist bisexual egomaniac '' . eos
is a professor of humanities and media studies at the University of the Arts in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Camille_Paglia has been called the ` ` feminist that other feminists love to hate '' , one of the world 's top 100 intellectuals by the UK 's Prospect Magazine , and by Camille_Paglia own description ` ` a feminist bisexual egomaniac '' . eos
has been called the ` ` feminist that other feminists love to hate '' , one of the world 's top 100 intellectuals by the UK 's Prospect Magazine , and by Camille_Paglia own description ` ` a feminist bisexual egomaniac '' . eos
own description ` ` a feminist bisexual egomaniac '' . eos
( 29 september 1571 - 18 july 1610 ) was an Italian artist active in Rome , Naples , Malta and Sicily between 1593 and 1610 . Caravaggio is commonly placed in the Baroque school , of which Caravaggio was the first great representative . Even in Caravaggio own lifetime eos
is commonly placed in the Baroque school , of which Caravaggio was the first great representative . Even in Caravaggio own lifetime Caravaggio was considered enigmatic , fascinating , and dangerous . eos
was the first great representative . Even in Caravaggio own lifetime Caravaggio was considered enigmatic , fascinating , and dangerous . eos
own lifetime Caravaggio was considered enigmatic , fascinating , and dangerous . Caravaggio burst upon the Rome art scene in 1600 , and thereafter Caravaggio never lacked for commissions or patrons , yet Caravaggio handled Caravaggio success atrociously . eos
was considered enigmatic , fascinating , and dangerous . Caravaggio burst upon the Rome art scene in 1600 , and thereafter Caravaggio never lacked for commissions or patrons , yet Caravaggio handled Caravaggio success atrociously . An early published notice on Caravaggio , dating from 1604 and describing Caravaggio lifestyle some three years previously , tells how ` ` after a fortnight 's work he will swagger about for a month or two with a sword at his side and a servant following him , from one ball - court to the next , ever ready to engage in a fight or an argument , so that it is most awkward to get along with him . '' eos
burst upon the Rome art scene in 1600 , and thereafter Caravaggio never lacked for commissions or patrons , yet Caravaggio handled Caravaggio success atrociously . An early published notice on Caravaggio , dating from 1604 and describing Caravaggio lifestyle some three years previously , tells how ` ` after a fortnight 's work he will swagger about for a month or two with a sword at his side and a servant following him , from one ball - court to the next , ever ready to engage in a fight or an argument , so that it is most awkward to get along with him . '' In 1606 Caravaggio killed a young man in a brawl and Caravaggio fled from Rome with a price on Caravaggio head . eos
never lacked for commissions or patrons , yet Caravaggio handled Caravaggio success atrociously . An early published notice on Caravaggio , dating from 1604 and describing Caravaggio lifestyle some three years previously , tells how ` ` after a fortnight 's work he will swagger about for a month or two with a sword at his side and a servant following him , from one ball - court to the next , ever ready to engage in a fight or an argument , so that it is most awkward to get along with him . '' In 1606 Caravaggio killed a young man in a brawl and Caravaggio fled from Rome with a price on Caravaggio head . eos
handled Caravaggio success atrociously . An early published notice on Caravaggio , dating from 1604 and describing Caravaggio lifestyle some three years previously , tells how ` ` after a fortnight 's work he will swagger about for a month or two with a sword at his side and a servant following him , from one ball - court to the next , ever ready to engage in a fight or an argument , so that it is most awkward to get along with him . '' In 1606 Caravaggio killed a young man in a brawl and Caravaggio fled from Rome with a price on Caravaggio head . eos
success atrociously . An early published notice on Caravaggio , dating from 1604 and describing Caravaggio lifestyle some three years previously , tells how ` ` after a fortnight 's work he will swagger about for a month or two with a sword at his side and a servant following him , from one ball - court to the next , ever ready to engage in a fight or an argument , so that it is most awkward to get along with him . '' In 1606 Caravaggio killed a young man in a brawl and Caravaggio fled from Rome with a price on Caravaggio head . eos
, dating from 1604 and describing Caravaggio lifestyle some three years previously , tells how ` ` after a fortnight 's work he will swagger about for a month or two with a sword at his side and a servant following him , from one ball - court to the next , ever ready to engage in a fight or an argument , so that it is most awkward to get along with him . '' In 1606 Caravaggio killed a young man in a brawl and Caravaggio fled from Rome with a price on Caravaggio head . In Malta in 1608 Caravaggio was involved in another brawl , and yet another in Naples in 1609 , possibly a deliberate attempt on Caravaggio life by unidentified enemies . eos
lifestyle some three years previously , tells how ` ` after a fortnight 's work he will swagger about for a month or two with a sword at his side and a servant following him , from one ball - court to the next , ever ready to engage in a fight or an argument , so that it is most awkward to get along with him . '' In 1606 Caravaggio killed a young man in a brawl and Caravaggio fled from Rome with a price on Caravaggio head . In Malta in 1608 Caravaggio was involved in another brawl , and yet another in Naples in 1609 , possibly a deliberate attempt on Caravaggio life by unidentified enemies . eos
killed a young man in a brawl and Caravaggio fled from Rome with a price on Caravaggio head . In Malta in 1608 Caravaggio was involved in another brawl , and yet another in Naples in 1609 , possibly a deliberate attempt on Caravaggio life by unidentified enemies . By the next year , after a career of little more than a decade , Caravaggio was dead . eos
fled from Rome with a price on Caravaggio head . In Malta in 1608 Caravaggio was involved in another brawl , and yet another in Naples in 1609 , possibly a deliberate attempt on Caravaggio life by unidentified enemies . By the next year , after a career of little more than a decade , Caravaggio was dead . eos
head . In Malta in 1608 Caravaggio was involved in another brawl , and yet another in Naples in 1609 , possibly a deliberate attempt on Caravaggio life by unidentified enemies . By the next year , after a career of little more than a decade , Caravaggio was dead . eos
was involved in another brawl , and yet another in Naples in 1609 , possibly a deliberate attempt on Caravaggio life by unidentified enemies . By the next year , after a career of little more than a decade , Caravaggio was dead . Huge new churches and palazzi were being built in Rome in the decades of the late 16th and early 17th centuries , and paintings were needed to fill them . eos
life by unidentified enemies . By the next year , after a career of little more than a decade , Caravaggio was dead . Huge new churches and palazzi were being built in Rome in the decades of the late 16th and early 17th centuries , and paintings were needed to fill them . eos
was dead . Huge new churches and palazzi were being built in Rome in the decades of the late 16th and early 17th centuries , and paintings were needed to fill them . The Counter - Reformation Church searched for authentic religious art with which to counter the threat of Protestantism , and for this task the artificial conventions of Mannerism , which had ruled art for almost a century , no longer seemed adequate . eos
novelty was a radical naturalism which combined close physical observation with a dramatic , even theatrical , approach to chiaroscuro , the use of light and shadow . In Caravaggio hands this new style was the vehicle for authentic and moving spirituality . Famous and extremely influential while Caravaggio lived , Caravaggio was almost completely forgotten in the centuries after Caravaggio death , and it was only in the 20th century that Caravaggio importance to the development of Western art was rediscovered . eos
hands this new style was the vehicle for authentic and moving spirituality . Famous and extremely influential while Caravaggio lived , Caravaggio was almost completely forgotten in the centuries after Caravaggio death , and it was only in the 20th century that Caravaggio importance to the development of Western art was rediscovered . Yet despite this Caravaggio influence on the common style which eventually emerged from the ruins of Mannerism , the new Baroque , was profound . eos
lived , Caravaggio was almost completely forgotten in the centuries after Caravaggio death , and it was only in the 20th century that Caravaggio importance to the development of Western art was rediscovered . Yet despite this Caravaggio influence on the common style which eventually emerged from the ruins of Mannerism , the new Baroque , was profound . Andre Berne - Joffroy , Paul Valéry 's secretary , said of Caravaggio : ` ` What begins in the work of Caravaggio is , quite simply , modern painting . '' eos
was almost completely forgotten in the centuries after Caravaggio death , and it was only in the 20th century that Caravaggio importance to the development of Western art was rediscovered . Yet despite this Caravaggio influence on the common style which eventually emerged from the ruins of Mannerism , the new Baroque , was profound . Andre Berne - Joffroy , Paul Valéry 's secretary , said of Caravaggio : ` ` What begins in the work of Caravaggio is , quite simply , modern painting . '' eos
death , and it was only in the 20th century that Caravaggio importance to the development of Western art was rediscovered . Yet despite this Caravaggio influence on the common style which eventually emerged from the ruins of Mannerism , the new Baroque , was profound . Andre Berne - Joffroy , Paul Valéry 's secretary , said of Caravaggio : ` ` What begins in the work of Caravaggio is , quite simply , modern painting . '' eos
importance to the development of Western art was rediscovered . Yet despite this Caravaggio influence on the common style which eventually emerged from the ruins of Mannerism , the new Baroque , was profound . Andre Berne - Joffroy , Paul Valéry 's secretary , said of Caravaggio : ` ` What begins in the work of Caravaggio is , quite simply , modern painting . '' eos
influence on the common style which eventually emerged from the ruins of Mannerism , the new Baroque , was profound . Andre Berne - Joffroy , Paul Valéry 's secretary , said of Caravaggio : ` ` What begins in the work of Caravaggio is , quite simply , modern painting . '' eos
: ` ` What begins in the work of Caravaggio is , quite simply , modern painting . '' eos
( july 26 , 1875 , Kesswil , - june 6 , 1961 , Küsnacht ) ( "" IPA : ˈkarl ˈgʊstaf ˈjʊŋ "" ) was a Swiss psychiatrist and founder of analytical psychology . eos
, also known after Carolus_Linnaeus ennoblement as Carl von Linné , ( May 23 , 1707 - january 10 , 1778 ) , was a Swedish botanist , physician and zoologist Carolus_Linnaeus laid the foundations for the modern scheme of nomenclature . Carolus_Linnaeus is known as the ` ` father of modern taxonomy . '' Carolus_Linnaeus is also considered one of the fathers of modern ecology ( see History of ecology ) . eos
ennoblement as Carl von Linné , ( May 23 , 1707 - january 10 , 1778 ) , was a Swedish botanist , physician and zoologist Carolus_Linnaeus laid the foundations for the modern scheme of nomenclature . Carolus_Linnaeus is known as the ` ` father of modern taxonomy . '' Carolus_Linnaeus is also considered one of the fathers of modern ecology ( see History of ecology ) . eos
laid the foundations for the modern scheme of nomenclature . Carolus_Linnaeus is known as the ` ` father of modern taxonomy . '' Carolus_Linnaeus is also considered one of the fathers of modern ecology ( see History of ecology ) . eos
is known as the ` ` father of modern taxonomy . '' Carolus_Linnaeus is also considered one of the fathers of modern ecology ( see History of ecology ) . Carolus_Linnaeus was the most renowned botanist of Carolus_Linnaeus time , and also noted for Carolus_Linnaeus fine language skills . eos
is also considered one of the fathers of modern ecology ( see History of ecology ) . Carolus_Linnaeus was the most renowned botanist of Carolus_Linnaeus time , and also noted for Carolus_Linnaeus fine language skills . The French philosopher Jean - Jacques Rousseau sent Carolus_Linnaeus the message : ` ` Tell him I know no greater man on earth . '' ; the German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe wrote : ` ` With the exception of Shakespeare and Spinoza , I know no one among the no longer living who has influenced me more strongly . '' ; Swedish author august Strindberg wrote : ` ` Linnaeus was in reality a poet who happened to become a naturalist '' . eos
was the most renowned botanist of Carolus_Linnaeus time , and also noted for Carolus_Linnaeus fine language skills . The French philosopher Jean - Jacques Rousseau sent Carolus_Linnaeus the message : ` ` Tell him I know no greater man on earth . '' ; the German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe wrote : ` ` With the exception of Shakespeare and Spinoza , I know no one among the no longer living who has influenced me more strongly . '' ; Swedish author august Strindberg wrote : ` ` Linnaeus was in reality a poet who happened to become a naturalist '' . eos
time , and also noted for Carolus_Linnaeus fine language skills . The French philosopher Jean - Jacques Rousseau sent Carolus_Linnaeus the message : ` ` Tell him I know no greater man on earth . '' ; the German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe wrote : ` ` With the exception of Shakespeare and Spinoza , I know no one among the no longer living who has influenced me more strongly . '' ; Swedish author august Strindberg wrote : ` ` Linnaeus was in reality a poet who happened to become a naturalist '' . eos
fine language skills . The French philosopher Jean - Jacques Rousseau sent Carolus_Linnaeus the message : ` ` Tell him I know no greater man on earth . '' ; the German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe wrote : ` ` With the exception of Shakespeare and Spinoza , I know no one among the no longer living who has influenced me more strongly . '' ; Swedish author august Strindberg wrote : ` ` Linnaeus was in reality a poet who happened to become a naturalist '' . eos
the message : ` ` Tell him I know no greater man on earth . '' ; the German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe wrote : ` ` With the exception of Shakespeare and Spinoza , I know no one among the no longer living who has influenced me more strongly . '' ; Swedish author august Strindberg wrote : ` ` Linnaeus was in reality a poet who happened to become a naturalist '' . eos
, called the Great ( Russian : Екатерина II Великая , Yekaterina II Velikaya ; 2 May 1729 - 17 november , 1796 ) - sometimes referred to as an epitome of the ` ` enlightened despot '' - reigned as Empress of Russia for some 34 years , from june 28 1762 until Catherine_II_of_Russia death . eos
death . eos
( OC , OQ ) ( born march 30 1968 ) is a French Canadian Grammy and Juno award winning pop singer and occasional songwriter and actress . Celine_Dion began Celine_Dion career in the early 1980s as a French singer before breaking into the international music scene in the 1990s . Celine_Dion was born to a large , impoverished family in Charlemagne , Québec . eos
began Celine_Dion career in the early 1980s as a French singer before breaking into the international music scene in the 1990s . Celine_Dion was born to a large , impoverished family in Charlemagne , Québec . As a teen , Celine_Dion achieved success in francophone Canada after Celine_Dion manager and future husband , René Angélil , mortgaged his home in order to finance Celine_Dion first record . eos
career in the early 1980s as a French singer before breaking into the international music scene in the 1990s . Celine_Dion was born to a large , impoverished family in Charlemagne , Québec . As a teen , Celine_Dion achieved success in francophone Canada after Celine_Dion manager and future husband , René Angélil , mortgaged his home in order to finance Celine_Dion first record . eos
was born to a large , impoverished family in Charlemagne , Québec . As a teen , Celine_Dion achieved success in francophone Canada after Celine_Dion manager and future husband , René Angélil , mortgaged his home in order to finance Celine_Dion first record . Celine_Dion later gained recognition in parts of Europe and Asia after Celine_Dion won both the 1982 Yamaha World Popular Song Festival and the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest . eos
achieved success in francophone Canada after Celine_Dion manager and future husband , René Angélil , mortgaged his home in order to finance Celine_Dion first record . Celine_Dion later gained recognition in parts of Europe and Asia after Celine_Dion won both the 1982 Yamaha World Popular Song Festival and the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest . In 1990 Celine_Dion established a foothold in the anglophone music market with the release of Unison , published by Epic Records . eos
manager and future husband , René Angélil , mortgaged his home in order to finance Celine_Dion first record . Celine_Dion later gained recognition in parts of Europe and Asia after Celine_Dion won both the 1982 Yamaha World Popular Song Festival and the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest . In 1990 Celine_Dion established a foothold in the anglophone music market with the release of Unison , published by Epic Records . eos
first record . Celine_Dion later gained recognition in parts of Europe and Asia after Celine_Dion won both the 1982 Yamaha World Popular Song Festival and the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest . In 1990 Celine_Dion established a foothold in the anglophone music market with the release of Unison , published by Epic Records . eos
later gained recognition in parts of Europe and Asia after Celine_Dion won both the 1982 Yamaha World Popular Song Festival and the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest . In 1990 Celine_Dion established a foothold in the anglophone music market with the release of Unison , published by Epic Records . During the 1990s Celine_Dion achieved worldwide fame and success with several English and French records , of which Celine_Dion most successful were Falling into You ( 1996 ) and ` ` My Heart Will Go On '' eos
won both the 1982 Yamaha World Popular Song Festival and the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest . In 1990 Celine_Dion established a foothold in the anglophone music market with the release of Unison , published by Epic Records . During the 1990s Celine_Dion achieved worldwide fame and success with several English and French records , of which Celine_Dion most successful were Falling into You ( 1996 ) and ` ` My Heart Will Go On '' eos
established a foothold in the anglophone music market with the release of Unison , published by Epic Records . During the 1990s Celine_Dion achieved worldwide fame and success with several English and French records , of which Celine_Dion most successful were Falling into You ( 1996 ) and ` ` My Heart Will Go On '' ( 1998 ) , the theme to the 1997 film Titanic . eos
achieved worldwide fame and success with several English and French records , of which Celine_Dion most successful were Falling into You ( 1996 ) and ` ` My Heart Will Go On '' ( 1998 ) , the theme to the 1997 film Titanic . In 1999 Celine_Dion announced a temporary break from entertainment in order to focus on Celine_Dion husband , who was diagnosed with throat cancer . eos
most successful were Falling into You ( 1996 ) and ` ` My Heart Will Go On '' ( 1998 ) , the theme to the 1997 film Titanic . In 1999 Celine_Dion announced a temporary break from entertainment in order to focus on Celine_Dion husband , who was diagnosed with throat cancer . eos
announced a temporary break from entertainment in order to focus on Celine_Dion husband , who was diagnosed with throat cancer . Following a three - year hiatus , Celine_Dion returned to the music scene with the release of the aptly titled A New Day Has Come . eos
husband , who was diagnosed with throat cancer . Following a three - year hiatus , Celine_Dion returned to the music scene with the release of the aptly titled A New Day Has Come . eos
returned to the music scene with the release of the aptly titled A New Day Has Come . By 2004 Celine_Dion had accumulated record sales of 175 million , and Celine_Dion was presented with the Chopard Diamond award from the World Music Awards show for becoming the Best - selling Female Artist in the World . eos
had accumulated record sales of 175 million , and Celine_Dion was presented with the Chopard Diamond award from the World Music Awards show for becoming the Best - selling Female Artist in the World . As of 2003 Celine_Dion has performed nightly in Celine_Dion show A New Day ... at Caesars Palace , Las Vegas , under a contract that extends through 2007 . Celine_Dion music has been influenced by various genres , which range from pop and rock to gospel and classical , and Celine_Dion is noted for Celine_Dion technically skilled and powerful vocals . eos
was presented with the Chopard Diamond award from the World Music Awards show for becoming the Best - selling Female Artist in the World . As of 2003 Celine_Dion has performed nightly in Celine_Dion show A New Day ... at Caesars Palace , Las Vegas , under a contract that extends through 2007 . Celine_Dion music has been influenced by various genres , which range from pop and rock to gospel and classical , and Celine_Dion is noted for Celine_Dion technically skilled and powerful vocals . eos
has performed nightly in Celine_Dion show A New Day ... at Caesars Palace , Las Vegas , under a contract that extends through 2007 . Celine_Dion music has been influenced by various genres , which range from pop and rock to gospel and classical , and Celine_Dion is noted for Celine_Dion technically skilled and powerful vocals . eos
show A New Day ... at Caesars Palace , Las Vegas , under a contract that extends through 2007 . Celine_Dion music has been influenced by various genres , which range from pop and rock to gospel and classical , and Celine_Dion is noted for Celine_Dion technically skilled and powerful vocals . eos
music has been influenced by various genres , which range from pop and rock to gospel and classical , and Celine_Dion is noted for Celine_Dion technically skilled and powerful vocals . eos
is noted for Celine_Dion technically skilled and powerful vocals . eos
technically skilled and powerful vocals . eos
( 742 or 747 - 28 january 814 ) ( also Charles the Great ; from Latin , "" Latin : Carolus Magnus "" ) was the King of the Franks ( 768 - 814 ) who conquered Italy and took the Iron Crown of Lombardy in 774 and , on a visit to Rome in 800 , was crowned "" Latin : imperator Romanorum "" ( ` ` Emperor of the Romans '' ) by Pope Leo III on Christmas Day , presaging the revival of the Roman imperial tradition in the West in the form of the Holy Roman Empire . By Charlemagne foreign conquests and internal reforms , Charlemagne helped define Western Europe and the Middle Ages . eos
foreign conquests and internal reforms , Charlemagne helped define Western Europe and the Middle Ages . Charlemagne rule is also associated with the Carolingian Renaissance , a revival of the arts and education in the West . The son of King Pippin the Short and Bertrada of Laon , Charlemagne succeeded Charlemagne father and eos
helped define Western Europe and the Middle Ages . Charlemagne rule is also associated with the Carolingian Renaissance , a revival of the arts and education in the West . The son of King Pippin the Short and Bertrada of Laon , Charlemagne succeeded Charlemagne father and eos
rule is also associated with the Carolingian Renaissance , a revival of the arts and education in the West . The son of King Pippin the Short and Bertrada of Laon , Charlemagne succeeded Charlemagne father and Charlemagne co - ruled with Charlemagne brother Carloman until the latter 's death in 771 . eos
succeeded Charlemagne father and Charlemagne co - ruled with Charlemagne brother Carloman until the latter 's death in 771 . Charlemagne continued the policy of Charlemagne father towards the papacy and Charlemagne became its protector , removing the Lombards from power in Italy , and waging war on the Saracens who menaced Charlemagne realm from Spain . eos
father and Charlemagne co - ruled with Charlemagne brother Carloman until the latter 's death in 771 . Charlemagne continued the policy of Charlemagne father towards the papacy and Charlemagne became its protector , removing the Lombards from power in Italy , and waging war on the Saracens who menaced Charlemagne realm from Spain . eos
co - ruled with Charlemagne brother Carloman until the latter 's death in 771 . Charlemagne continued the policy of Charlemagne father towards the papacy and Charlemagne became its protector , removing the Lombards from power in Italy , and waging war on the Saracens who menaced Charlemagne realm from Spain . It was during one of these campaigns that Charlemagne experienced the worst defeat of Charlemagne life at Roncesvalles ( 778 ) . eos
brother Carloman until the latter 's death in 771 . Charlemagne continued the policy of Charlemagne father towards the papacy and Charlemagne became its protector , removing the Lombards from power in Italy , and waging war on the Saracens who menaced Charlemagne realm from Spain . It was during one of these campaigns that Charlemagne experienced the worst defeat of Charlemagne life at Roncesvalles ( 778 ) . eos
father towards the papacy and Charlemagne became its protector , removing the Lombards from power in Italy , and waging war on the Saracens who menaced Charlemagne realm from Spain . It was during one of these campaigns that Charlemagne experienced the worst defeat of Charlemagne life at Roncesvalles ( 778 ) . Charlemagne also campaigned against the peoples to Charlemagne east , especially the Saxons , and after a protracted war Charlemagne subjected them to Charlemagne rule . eos
became its protector , removing the Lombards from power in Italy , and waging war on the Saracens who menaced Charlemagne realm from Spain . It was during one of these campaigns that Charlemagne experienced the worst defeat of Charlemagne life at Roncesvalles ( 778 ) . Charlemagne also campaigned against the peoples to Charlemagne east , especially the Saxons , and after a protracted war Charlemagne subjected them to Charlemagne rule . eos
realm from Spain . It was during one of these campaigns that Charlemagne experienced the worst defeat of Charlemagne life at Roncesvalles ( 778 ) . Charlemagne also campaigned against the peoples to Charlemagne east , especially the Saxons , and after a protracted war Charlemagne subjected them to Charlemagne rule . eos
continued the policy of Charlemagne father towards the papacy and Charlemagne became its protector , removing the Lombards from power in Italy , and waging war on the Saracens who menaced Charlemagne realm from Spain . It was during one of these campaigns that Charlemagne experienced the worst defeat of Charlemagne life at Roncesvalles ( 778 ) . Charlemagne also campaigned against the peoples to Charlemagne east , especially the Saxons , and after a protracted war Charlemagne subjected them to Charlemagne rule . eos
experienced the worst defeat of Charlemagne life at Roncesvalles ( 778 ) . Charlemagne also campaigned against the peoples to Charlemagne east , especially the Saxons , and after a protracted war Charlemagne subjected them to Charlemagne rule . By converting them to Christianity , Charlemagne integrated them into Charlemagne realm and Charlemagne thus paved the way for the later Ottonian Dynasty . eos
life at Roncesvalles ( 778 ) . Charlemagne also campaigned against the peoples to Charlemagne east , especially the Saxons , and after a protracted war Charlemagne subjected them to Charlemagne rule . By converting them to Christianity , Charlemagne integrated them into Charlemagne realm and Charlemagne thus paved the way for the later Ottonian Dynasty . eos
also campaigned against the peoples to Charlemagne east , especially the Saxons , and after a protracted war Charlemagne subjected them to Charlemagne rule . By converting them to Christianity , Charlemagne integrated them into Charlemagne realm and Charlemagne thus paved the way for the later Ottonian Dynasty . Today regarded as the founding father of both France and Germany and sometimes as the Father of Europe , as Charlemagne was the first ruler of a united Western Europe since the fall of the Roman Empire . eos
east , especially the Saxons , and after a protracted war Charlemagne subjected them to Charlemagne rule . By converting them to Christianity , Charlemagne integrated them into Charlemagne realm and Charlemagne thus paved the way for the later Ottonian Dynasty . Today regarded as the founding father of both France and Germany and sometimes as the Father of Europe , as Charlemagne was the first ruler of a united Western Europe since the fall of the Roman Empire . eos
subjected them to Charlemagne rule . By converting them to Christianity , Charlemagne integrated them into Charlemagne realm and Charlemagne thus paved the way for the later Ottonian Dynasty . Today regarded as the founding father of both France and Germany and sometimes as the Father of Europe , as Charlemagne was the first ruler of a united Western Europe since the fall of the Roman Empire . eos
rule . By converting them to Christianity , Charlemagne integrated them into Charlemagne realm and Charlemagne thus paved the way for the later Ottonian Dynasty . Today regarded as the founding father of both France and Germany and sometimes as the Father of Europe , as Charlemagne was the first ruler of a united Western Europe since the fall of the Roman Empire . eos
integrated them into Charlemagne realm and Charlemagne thus paved the way for the later Ottonian Dynasty . Today regarded as the founding father of both France and Germany and sometimes as the Father of Europe , as Charlemagne was the first ruler of a united Western Europe since the fall of the Roman Empire . eos
realm and Charlemagne thus paved the way for the later Ottonian Dynasty . Today regarded as the founding father of both France and Germany and sometimes as the Father of Europe , as Charlemagne was the first ruler of a united Western Europe since the fall of the Roman Empire . eos
thus paved the way for the later Ottonian Dynasty . Today regarded as the founding father of both France and Germany and sometimes as the Father of Europe , as Charlemagne was the first ruler of a united Western Europe since the fall of the Roman Empire . eos
was the first ruler of a united Western Europe since the fall of the Roman Empire . eos
( 26 december 1791 - 18 october 1871 ) was an English mathematician , analytical philosopher , mechanical engineer and ( proto - ) computer scientist Charles_Babbage originated the idea of a programmable computer . Parts of Charles_Babbage uncompleted mechanisms are on display in the London Science Museum . eos
originated the idea of a programmable computer . Parts of Charles_Babbage uncompleted mechanisms are on display in the London Science Museum . In 1991 , working from Charles_Babbage original plans , a difference engine was completed , and functioned perfectly . eos
uncompleted mechanisms are on display in the London Science Museum . In 1991 , working from Charles_Babbage original plans , a difference engine was completed , and functioned perfectly . It was built to tolerances achievable in the 19th century , indicating that Charles_Babbage machine would have worked . eos
original plans , a difference engine was completed , and functioned perfectly . It was built to tolerances achievable in the 19th century , indicating that Charles_Babbage machine would have worked . Nine years later , the Science Museum completed the printer Charles_Babbage had designed for the difference engine ; it featured astonishing complexity for a 19th century device . eos
machine would have worked . Nine years later , the Science Museum completed the printer Charles_Babbage had designed for the difference engine ; it featured astonishing complexity for a 19th century device . eos
had designed for the difference engine ; it featured astonishing complexity for a 19th century device . eos
FRS ( 12 february 1809 - 19 april 1882 ) was an English naturalist Charles_Darwin achieved lasting fame by producing considerable evidence that species originated through evolutionary change , at the same time proposing the scientific theory that natural selection is the mechanism by which such change occurs . This theory is now considered a cornerstone of biology , and has significantly affected other disciplines such as philosophy , psychology and anthropology . Charles_Darwin developed an interest in natural history while studying first medicine , then theology , at university . eos
achieved lasting fame by producing considerable evidence that species originated through evolutionary change , at the same time proposing the scientific theory that natural selection is the mechanism by which such change occurs . This theory is now considered a cornerstone of biology , and has significantly affected other disciplines such as philosophy , psychology and anthropology . Charles_Darwin developed an interest in natural history while studying first medicine , then theology , at university . eos
developed an interest in natural history while studying first medicine , then theology , at university . Charles_Darwin observations on Charles_Darwin five - year voyage on the Beagle brought Charles_Darwin eminence as a geologist and fame as a popular author . Charles_Darwin biological finds led Charles_Darwin to study the transmutation of species and in 1838 Charles_Darwin conceived Charles_Darwin theory of natural selection . eos
observations on Charles_Darwin five - year voyage on the Beagle brought Charles_Darwin eminence as a geologist and fame as a popular author . Charles_Darwin biological finds led Charles_Darwin to study the transmutation of species and in 1838 Charles_Darwin conceived Charles_Darwin theory of natural selection . Fully aware that others had been severely punished for such ` ` heretical '' ideas , Charles_Darwin confided only in Charles_Darwin closest friends and Charles_Darwin continued Charles_Darwin research to meet anticipated objections . eos
five - year voyage on the Beagle brought Charles_Darwin eminence as a geologist and fame as a popular author . Charles_Darwin biological finds led Charles_Darwin to study the transmutation of species and in 1838 Charles_Darwin conceived Charles_Darwin theory of natural selection . Fully aware that others had been severely punished for such ` ` heretical '' ideas , Charles_Darwin confided only in Charles_Darwin closest friends and Charles_Darwin continued Charles_Darwin research to meet anticipated objections . eos
eminence as a geologist and fame as a popular author . Charles_Darwin biological finds led Charles_Darwin to study the transmutation of species and in 1838 Charles_Darwin conceived Charles_Darwin theory of natural selection . Fully aware that others had been severely punished for such ` ` heretical '' ideas , Charles_Darwin confided only in Charles_Darwin closest friends and Charles_Darwin continued Charles_Darwin research to meet anticipated objections . eos
theory of natural selection . Fully aware that others had been severely punished for such ` ` heretical '' ideas , Charles_Darwin confided only in Charles_Darwin closest friends and Charles_Darwin continued Charles_Darwin research to meet anticipated objections . However , in 1858 the information that Alfred Russel Wallace had developed a similar theory forced an early joint publication of the theory . eos
biological finds led Charles_Darwin to study the transmutation of species and in 1838 Charles_Darwin conceived Charles_Darwin theory of natural selection . Fully aware that others had been severely punished for such ` ` heretical '' ideas , Charles_Darwin confided only in Charles_Darwin closest friends and Charles_Darwin continued Charles_Darwin research to meet anticipated objections . However , in 1858 the information that Alfred Russel Wallace had developed a similar theory forced an early joint publication of the theory . eos
to study the transmutation of species and in 1838 Charles_Darwin conceived Charles_Darwin theory of natural selection . Fully aware that others had been severely punished for such ` ` heretical '' ideas , Charles_Darwin confided only in Charles_Darwin closest friends and Charles_Darwin continued Charles_Darwin research to meet anticipated objections . However , in 1858 the information that Alfred Russel Wallace had developed a similar theory forced an early joint publication of the theory . eos
conceived Charles_Darwin theory of natural selection . Fully aware that others had been severely punished for such ` ` heretical '' ideas , Charles_Darwin confided only in Charles_Darwin closest friends and Charles_Darwin continued Charles_Darwin research to meet anticipated objections . However , in 1858 the information that Alfred Russel Wallace had developed a similar theory forced an early joint publication of the theory . eos
confided only in Charles_Darwin closest friends and Charles_Darwin continued Charles_Darwin research to meet anticipated objections . However , in 1858 the information that Alfred Russel Wallace had developed a similar theory forced an early joint publication of the theory . Charles_Darwin 1859 book eos
closest friends and Charles_Darwin continued Charles_Darwin research to meet anticipated objections . However , in 1858 the information that Alfred Russel Wallace had developed a similar theory forced an early joint publication of the theory . Charles_Darwin 1859 book eos
continued Charles_Darwin research to meet anticipated objections . However , in 1858 the information that Alfred Russel Wallace had developed a similar theory forced an early joint publication of the theory . Charles_Darwin 1859 book eos
research to meet anticipated objections . However , in 1858 the information that Alfred Russel Wallace had developed a similar theory forced an early joint publication of the theory . Charles_Darwin 1859 book eos
1859 book On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection , or The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ( usually abbreviated to The Origin of Species ) established evolution by common descent as the dominant scientific explanation of diversification in nature . Charles_Darwin continued Charles_Darwin research and Charles_Darwin wrote a series of books on plants and animals , including humankind , notably The Descent of Man , and Selection in Relation to Sex and The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals . eos
continued Charles_Darwin research and Charles_Darwin wrote a series of books on plants and animals , including humankind , notably The Descent of Man , and Selection in Relation to Sex and The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals . In recognition of Charles_Darwin pre - eminence , Charles_Darwin was buried in Westminster Abbey , close to John Herschel and Isaac Newton . eos
research and Charles_Darwin wrote a series of books on plants and animals , including humankind , notably The Descent of Man , and Selection in Relation to Sex and The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals . In recognition of Charles_Darwin pre - eminence , Charles_Darwin was buried in Westminster Abbey , close to John Herschel and Isaac Newton . eos
wrote a series of books on plants and animals , including humankind , notably The Descent of Man , and Selection in Relation to Sex and The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals . In recognition of Charles_Darwin pre - eminence , Charles_Darwin was buried in Westminster Abbey , close to John Herschel and Isaac Newton . eos
pre - eminence , Charles_Darwin was buried in Westminster Abbey , close to John Herschel and Isaac Newton . eos
was buried in Westminster Abbey , close to John Herschel and Isaac Newton . eos
( 7 february 1812 - 9 june 1870 ) , pen - name ` ` Boz '' , was an English novelist . During Charles_Dickens career Charles_Dickens achieved massive worldwide popularity , winning acclaim for Charles_Dickens rich storytelling and memorable characters . Considered one of the English language 's greatest writers , Charles_Dickens was the foremost novelist of the Victorian era as well as a vigorous social campaigner . eos
career Charles_Dickens achieved massive worldwide popularity , winning acclaim for Charles_Dickens rich storytelling and memorable characters . Considered one of the English language 's greatest writers , Charles_Dickens was the foremost novelist of the Victorian era as well as a vigorous social campaigner . Later critics , beginning with George Gissing and G K. Chesterton , championed Charles_Dickens mastery of prose , Charles_Dickens endless invention of memorable characters and Charles_Dickens powerful social sensibilities . eos
achieved massive worldwide popularity , winning acclaim for Charles_Dickens rich storytelling and memorable characters . Considered one of the English language 's greatest writers , Charles_Dickens was the foremost novelist of the Victorian era as well as a vigorous social campaigner . Later critics , beginning with George Gissing and G K. Chesterton , championed Charles_Dickens mastery of prose , Charles_Dickens endless invention of memorable characters and Charles_Dickens powerful social sensibilities . eos
rich storytelling and memorable characters . Considered one of the English language 's greatest writers , Charles_Dickens was the foremost novelist of the Victorian era as well as a vigorous social campaigner . Later critics , beginning with George Gissing and G K. Chesterton , championed Charles_Dickens mastery of prose , Charles_Dickens endless invention of memorable characters and Charles_Dickens powerful social sensibilities . eos
was the foremost novelist of the Victorian era as well as a vigorous social campaigner . Later critics , beginning with George Gissing and G K. Chesterton , championed Charles_Dickens mastery of prose , Charles_Dickens endless invention of memorable characters and Charles_Dickens powerful social sensibilities . Yet Charles_Dickens also received criticism from Charles_Dickens more rarefied readers , including George Henry Lewes , Henry James , and Virginia Woolf , who list faults such as sentimentality , unrealistic events and grotesque characters . eos
mastery of prose , Charles_Dickens endless invention of memorable characters and Charles_Dickens powerful social sensibilities . Yet Charles_Dickens also received criticism from Charles_Dickens more rarefied readers , including George Henry Lewes , Henry James , and Virginia Woolf , who list faults such as sentimentality , unrealistic events and grotesque characters . The popularity of Charles_Dickens novels and short stories during Charles_Dickens lifetime and to the present is demonstrated by the fact that none has ever gone out of print . eos
endless invention of memorable characters and Charles_Dickens powerful social sensibilities . Yet Charles_Dickens also received criticism from Charles_Dickens more rarefied readers , including George Henry Lewes , Henry James , and Virginia Woolf , who list faults such as sentimentality , unrealistic events and grotesque characters . The popularity of Charles_Dickens novels and short stories during Charles_Dickens lifetime and to the present is demonstrated by the fact that none has ever gone out of print . eos
powerful social sensibilities . Yet Charles_Dickens also received criticism from Charles_Dickens more rarefied readers , including George Henry Lewes , Henry James , and Virginia Woolf , who list faults such as sentimentality , unrealistic events and grotesque characters . The popularity of Charles_Dickens novels and short stories during Charles_Dickens lifetime and to the present is demonstrated by the fact that none has ever gone out of print . eos
more rarefied readers , including George Henry Lewes , Henry James , and Virginia Woolf , who list faults such as sentimentality , unrealistic events and grotesque characters . The popularity of Charles_Dickens novels and short stories during Charles_Dickens lifetime and to the present is demonstrated by the fact that none has ever gone out of print . Charles_Dickens wrote serialised novels , which was the usual format for fiction at the time , and each new part of Charles_Dickens stories would be eagerly anticipated by the reading public . eos
also received criticism from Charles_Dickens more rarefied readers , including George Henry Lewes , Henry James , and Virginia Woolf , who list faults such as sentimentality , unrealistic events and grotesque characters . The popularity of Charles_Dickens novels and short stories during Charles_Dickens lifetime and to the present is demonstrated by the fact that none has ever gone out of print . Charles_Dickens wrote serialised novels , which was the usual format for fiction at the time , and each new part of Charles_Dickens stories would be eagerly anticipated by the reading public . eos
novels and short stories during Charles_Dickens lifetime and to the present is demonstrated by the fact that none has ever gone out of print . Charles_Dickens wrote serialised novels , which was the usual format for fiction at the time , and each new part of Charles_Dickens stories would be eagerly anticipated by the reading public . Charles_Dickens is regarded by many as the greatest writer of Charles_Dickens time . eos
lifetime and to the present is demonstrated by the fact that none has ever gone out of print . Charles_Dickens wrote serialised novels , which was the usual format for fiction at the time , and each new part of Charles_Dickens stories would be eagerly anticipated by the reading public . Charles_Dickens is regarded by many as the greatest writer of Charles_Dickens time . eos
wrote serialised novels , which was the usual format for fiction at the time , and each new part of Charles_Dickens stories would be eagerly anticipated by the reading public . Charles_Dickens is regarded by many as the greatest writer of Charles_Dickens time . eos
stories would be eagerly anticipated by the reading public . Charles_Dickens is regarded by many as the greatest writer of Charles_Dickens time . eos
is regarded by many as the greatest writer of Charles_Dickens time . eos
time . eos
, Prince de Benevente ( february 2 , 1754 - May 17 , 1838 ) was a French diplomat . Charles_Maurice_de_Talleyrand-Perigord worked successfully from the regime of Louis XVI , through the French Revolution and then under Napoleon I , Louis XVIII and Louis - Philippe . eos
worked successfully from the regime of Louis XVI , through the French Revolution and then under Napoleon I , Louis XVIII and Louis - Philippe . Known since the turn of the 19th century simply by the name Talleyrand , Charles_Maurice_de_Talleyrand-Perigord is widely regarded as one of the most versatile and influential diplomats in European history . eos
is widely regarded as one of the most versatile and influential diplomats in European history . eos
( born november 16 , 1930 ) is a Nigerian writer . eos
( Italian : Cristoforo Colombo ; Portuguese : Cristóvão Colombo , formerly Christovam Colon ; Spanish : Cristóbal Colón ; Catalan : Cristòfor Colom ; c 1451-May 20 , 1506 ) was a navigator and an admiral for the Crown of Castile . Christopher_Columbus voyages to the Americas began a European effort at exploration and colonization of the continent . eos
voyages to the Americas began a European effort at exploration and colonization of the continent . While history places great significance on Christopher_Columbus first voyage of 1492 , Christopher_Columbus did not actually reach the mainland until Christopher_Columbus third voyage in 1498 . Likewise , Christopher_Columbus was not the earliest European explorer to reach the Americas , as there are accounts of European transatlantic contact prior to 1492 . eos
first voyage of 1492 , Christopher_Columbus did not actually reach the mainland until Christopher_Columbus third voyage in 1498 . Likewise , Christopher_Columbus was not the earliest European explorer to reach the Americas , as there are accounts of European transatlantic contact prior to 1492 . Nevertheless , Christopher_Columbus voyage came at a critical time of growing national imperialism and economic competition between developing nation states seeking wealth from the establishment of trade routes and colonies . eos
did not actually reach the mainland until Christopher_Columbus third voyage in 1498 . Likewise , Christopher_Columbus was not the earliest European explorer to reach the Americas , as there are accounts of European transatlantic contact prior to 1492 . Nevertheless , Christopher_Columbus voyage came at a critical time of growing national imperialism and economic competition between developing nation states seeking wealth from the establishment of trade routes and colonies . eos
third voyage in 1498 . Likewise , Christopher_Columbus was not the earliest European explorer to reach the Americas , as there are accounts of European transatlantic contact prior to 1492 . Nevertheless , Christopher_Columbus voyage came at a critical time of growing national imperialism and economic competition between developing nation states seeking wealth from the establishment of trade routes and colonies . eos
was not the earliest European explorer to reach the Americas , as there are accounts of European transatlantic contact prior to 1492 . Nevertheless , Christopher_Columbus voyage came at a critical time of growing national imperialism and economic competition between developing nation states seeking wealth from the establishment of trade routes and colonies . Therefore , the period before 1492 is known as Pre - Columbian , and the anniversary of this event ( vd . eos
voyage came at a critical time of growing national imperialism and economic competition between developing nation states seeking wealth from the establishment of trade routes and colonies . Therefore , the period before 1492 is known as Pre - Columbian , and the anniversary of this event ( vd . Columbus Day ) is celebrated throughout the Americas and in Spain and Italy . eos
has become a divisive figure . eos
( born in Portsmouth , England april 13 , 1949 ) is an author , journalist and literary critic . Now living in Washington , DC , Christopher_Hitchens has been a columnist at Vanity Fair , The Nation and Slate ; additionally , Christopher_Hitchens is an occasional contributor to many other publications . Most recently Christopher_Hitchens has appeared regularly in the Wall Street Journal . eos
has been a columnist at Vanity Fair , The Nation and Slate ; additionally , Christopher_Hitchens is an occasional contributor to many other publications . Most recently Christopher_Hitchens has appeared regularly in the Wall Street Journal . Christopher_Hitchens is known for Christopher_Hitchens iconoclasm , anti - clericalism , atheism , antitheism , anti - fascism and anti - monarchism . eos
is an occasional contributor to many other publications . Most recently Christopher_Hitchens has appeared regularly in the Wall Street Journal . Christopher_Hitchens is known for Christopher_Hitchens iconoclasm , anti - clericalism , atheism , antitheism , anti - fascism and anti - monarchism . eos
has appeared regularly in the Wall Street Journal . Christopher_Hitchens is known for Christopher_Hitchens iconoclasm , anti - clericalism , atheism , antitheism , anti - fascism and anti - monarchism . Christopher_Hitchens is also noted for Christopher_Hitchens acidic wit and Christopher_Hitchens noisy departure from the Anglo - American political left . eos
is known for Christopher_Hitchens iconoclasm , anti - clericalism , atheism , antitheism , anti - fascism and anti - monarchism . Christopher_Hitchens is also noted for Christopher_Hitchens acidic wit and Christopher_Hitchens noisy departure from the Anglo - American political left . Christopher_Hitchens was formerly a Trotskyist and a fixture in the left wing publications of Britain and America . eos
iconoclasm , anti - clericalism , atheism , antitheism , anti - fascism and anti - monarchism . Christopher_Hitchens is also noted for Christopher_Hitchens acidic wit and Christopher_Hitchens noisy departure from the Anglo - American political left . Christopher_Hitchens was formerly a Trotskyist and a fixture in the left wing publications of Britain and America . eos
is also noted for Christopher_Hitchens acidic wit and Christopher_Hitchens noisy departure from the Anglo - American political left . Christopher_Hitchens was formerly a Trotskyist and a fixture in the left wing publications of Britain and America . But a series of disagreements beginning in the early 1990s led to Christopher_Hitchens resignation from The Nation shortly after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . eos
acidic wit and Christopher_Hitchens noisy departure from the Anglo - American political left . Christopher_Hitchens was formerly a Trotskyist and a fixture in the left wing publications of Britain and America . But a series of disagreements beginning in the early 1990s led to Christopher_Hitchens resignation from The Nation shortly after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . eos
noisy departure from the Anglo - American political left . Christopher_Hitchens was formerly a Trotskyist and a fixture in the left wing publications of Britain and America . But a series of disagreements beginning in the early 1990s led to Christopher_Hitchens resignation from The Nation shortly after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . eos
was formerly a Trotskyist and a fixture in the left wing publications of Britain and America . But a series of disagreements beginning in the early 1990s led to Christopher_Hitchens resignation from The Nation shortly after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . While Christopher_Hitchens idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification , Christopher_Hitchens is a vociferous critic of what Christopher_Hitchens describes as ` ` fascism with an Islamic face , '' and Christopher_Hitchens is sometimes described as a ` ` neoconservative '' . eos
resignation from The Nation shortly after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . While Christopher_Hitchens idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification , Christopher_Hitchens is a vociferous critic of what Christopher_Hitchens describes as ` ` fascism with an Islamic face , '' and Christopher_Hitchens is sometimes described as a ` ` neoconservative '' . Christopher_Hitchens describes Christopher_Hitchens as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to Christopher_Hitchens ` ` temporary neocon allies '' . eos
idiosyncratic ideas and positions preclude easy classification , Christopher_Hitchens is a vociferous critic of what Christopher_Hitchens describes as ` ` fascism with an Islamic face , '' and Christopher_Hitchens is sometimes described as a ` ` neoconservative '' . Christopher_Hitchens describes Christopher_Hitchens as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to Christopher_Hitchens ` ` temporary neocon allies '' . Christopher_Hitchens no longer considers Christopher_Hitchens a Trotskyist or even a socialist ; yet Christopher_Hitchens maintains that Christopher_Hitchens political views have not changed significantly . eos
is a vociferous critic of what Christopher_Hitchens describes as ` ` fascism with an Islamic face , '' and Christopher_Hitchens is sometimes described as a ` ` neoconservative '' . Christopher_Hitchens describes Christopher_Hitchens as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to Christopher_Hitchens ` ` temporary neocon allies '' . Christopher_Hitchens no longer considers Christopher_Hitchens a Trotskyist or even a socialist ; yet Christopher_Hitchens maintains that Christopher_Hitchens political views have not changed significantly . eos
describes as ` ` fascism with an Islamic face , '' and Christopher_Hitchens is sometimes described as a ` ` neoconservative '' . Christopher_Hitchens describes Christopher_Hitchens as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to Christopher_Hitchens ` ` temporary neocon allies '' . Christopher_Hitchens no longer considers Christopher_Hitchens a Trotskyist or even a socialist ; yet Christopher_Hitchens maintains that Christopher_Hitchens political views have not changed significantly . eos
is sometimes described as a ` ` neoconservative '' . Christopher_Hitchens describes Christopher_Hitchens as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to Christopher_Hitchens ` ` temporary neocon allies '' . Christopher_Hitchens no longer considers Christopher_Hitchens a Trotskyist or even a socialist ; yet Christopher_Hitchens maintains that Christopher_Hitchens political views have not changed significantly . eos
describes Christopher_Hitchens as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to Christopher_Hitchens ` ` temporary neocon allies '' . Christopher_Hitchens no longer considers Christopher_Hitchens a Trotskyist or even a socialist ; yet Christopher_Hitchens maintains that Christopher_Hitchens political views have not changed significantly . Christopher_Hitchens points out that , throughout Christopher_Hitchens career , Christopher_Hitchens has been both an atheist and an antitheist , and that Christopher_Hitchens has always remained a believer in the Enlightenment values of secularism , humanism and reason ; Christopher_Hitchens is an Honorary Associate of the National Secular Society . eos
as ` ` on the same side as the neo - conservatives '' , and refers to Christopher_Hitchens ` ` temporary neocon allies '' . Christopher_Hitchens no longer considers Christopher_Hitchens a Trotskyist or even a socialist ; yet Christopher_Hitchens maintains that Christopher_Hitchens political views have not changed significantly . Christopher_Hitchens points out that , throughout Christopher_Hitchens career , Christopher_Hitchens has been both an atheist and an antitheist , and that Christopher_Hitchens has always remained a believer in the Enlightenment values of secularism , humanism and reason ; Christopher_Hitchens is an Honorary Associate of the National Secular Society . eos
` ` temporary neocon allies '' . Christopher_Hitchens no longer considers Christopher_Hitchens a Trotskyist or even a socialist ; yet Christopher_Hitchens maintains that Christopher_Hitchens political views have not changed significantly . Christopher_Hitchens points out that , throughout Christopher_Hitchens career , Christopher_Hitchens has been both an atheist and an antitheist , and that Christopher_Hitchens has always remained a believer in the Enlightenment values of secularism , humanism and reason ; Christopher_Hitchens is an Honorary Associate of the National Secular Society . eos
no longer considers Christopher_Hitchens a Trotskyist or even a socialist ; yet Christopher_Hitchens maintains that Christopher_Hitchens political views have not changed significantly . Christopher_Hitchens points out that , throughout Christopher_Hitchens career , Christopher_Hitchens has been both an atheist and an antitheist , and that Christopher_Hitchens has always remained a believer in the Enlightenment values of secularism , humanism and reason ; Christopher_Hitchens is an Honorary Associate of the National Secular Society . eos
a Trotskyist or even a socialist ; yet Christopher_Hitchens maintains that Christopher_Hitchens political views have not changed significantly . Christopher_Hitchens points out that , throughout Christopher_Hitchens career , Christopher_Hitchens has been both an atheist and an antitheist , and that Christopher_Hitchens has always remained a believer in the Enlightenment values of secularism , humanism and reason ; Christopher_Hitchens is an Honorary Associate of the National Secular Society . eos
maintains that Christopher_Hitchens political views have not changed significantly . Christopher_Hitchens points out that , throughout Christopher_Hitchens career , Christopher_Hitchens has been both an atheist and an antitheist , and that Christopher_Hitchens has always remained a believer in the Enlightenment values of secularism , humanism and reason ; Christopher_Hitchens is an Honorary Associate of the National Secular Society . eos
political views have not changed significantly . Christopher_Hitchens points out that , throughout Christopher_Hitchens career , Christopher_Hitchens has been both an atheist and an antitheist , and that Christopher_Hitchens has always remained a believer in the Enlightenment values of secularism , humanism and reason ; Christopher_Hitchens is an Honorary Associate of the National Secular Society . eos
points out that , throughout Christopher_Hitchens career , Christopher_Hitchens has been both an atheist and an antitheist , and that Christopher_Hitchens has always remained a believer in the Enlightenment values of secularism , humanism and reason ; Christopher_Hitchens is an Honorary Associate of the National Secular Society . eos
career , Christopher_Hitchens has been both an atheist and an antitheist , and that Christopher_Hitchens has always remained a believer in the Enlightenment values of secularism , humanism and reason ; Christopher_Hitchens is an Honorary Associate of the National Secular Society . eos
has been both an atheist and an antitheist , and that Christopher_Hitchens has always remained a believer in the Enlightenment values of secularism , humanism and reason ; Christopher_Hitchens is an Honorary Associate of the National Secular Society . eos
has always remained a believer in the Enlightenment values of secularism , humanism and reason ; Christopher_Hitchens is an Honorary Associate of the National Secular Society . eos
is an Honorary Associate of the National Secular Society . eos
OBE , ( born Harry Rodger Webb ; 14 october , 1940 ; Lucknow , India ) is a major pop star and singer from England . With Cliff_Richard backing group The Shadows , Cliff_Richard dominated the British popular music scene in the late 1950s and early 1960s , before the advent of The Beatles . A conversion to Christianity and subsequent softening of Cliff_Richard music led to Cliff_Richard having more of a pop than rock image . eos
backing group The Shadows , Cliff_Richard dominated the British popular music scene in the late 1950s and early 1960s , before the advent of The Beatles . A conversion to Christianity and subsequent softening of Cliff_Richard music led to Cliff_Richard having more of a pop than rock image . Although never able to achieve the same impact in the United States as Cliff_Richard had in Britain , in spite of having several chart hits there , Cliff_Richard has remained a popular music , film , and television personality in the UK and Cliff_Richard also retains a following in several other countries . eos
dominated the British popular music scene in the late 1950s and early 1960s , before the advent of The Beatles . A conversion to Christianity and subsequent softening of Cliff_Richard music led to Cliff_Richard having more of a pop than rock image . Although never able to achieve the same impact in the United States as Cliff_Richard had in Britain , in spite of having several chart hits there , Cliff_Richard has remained a popular music , film , and television personality in the UK and Cliff_Richard also retains a following in several other countries . eos
music led to Cliff_Richard having more of a pop than rock image . Although never able to achieve the same impact in the United States as Cliff_Richard had in Britain , in spite of having several chart hits there , Cliff_Richard has remained a popular music , film , and television personality in the UK and Cliff_Richard also retains a following in several other countries . During the last six decades , Cliff_Richard has charted many hit singles , and Cliff_Richard holds the record ( along with Elvis Presley ) as the only act to make the UK singles charts in all of its active decades ( 1950s-2000s ) . eos
having more of a pop than rock image . Although never able to achieve the same impact in the United States as Cliff_Richard had in Britain , in spite of having several chart hits there , Cliff_Richard has remained a popular music , film , and television personality in the UK and Cliff_Richard also retains a following in several other countries . During the last six decades , Cliff_Richard has charted many hit singles , and Cliff_Richard holds the record ( along with Elvis Presley ) as the only act to make the UK singles charts in all of its active decades ( 1950s-2000s ) . eos
had in Britain , in spite of having several chart hits there , Cliff_Richard has remained a popular music , film , and television personality in the UK and Cliff_Richard also retains a following in several other countries . During the last six decades , Cliff_Richard has charted many hit singles , and Cliff_Richard holds the record ( along with Elvis Presley ) as the only act to make the UK singles charts in all of its active decades ( 1950s-2000s ) . According to Cliff_Richard website , Cliff_Richard has sold 250 million records over the course of Cliff_Richard career . eos
has remained a popular music , film , and television personality in the UK and Cliff_Richard also retains a following in several other countries . During the last six decades , Cliff_Richard has charted many hit singles , and Cliff_Richard holds the record ( along with Elvis Presley ) as the only act to make the UK singles charts in all of its active decades ( 1950s-2000s ) . According to Cliff_Richard website , Cliff_Richard has sold 250 million records over the course of Cliff_Richard career . eos
also retains a following in several other countries . During the last six decades , Cliff_Richard has charted many hit singles , and Cliff_Richard holds the record ( along with Elvis Presley ) as the only act to make the UK singles charts in all of its active decades ( 1950s-2000s ) . According to Cliff_Richard website , Cliff_Richard has sold 250 million records over the course of Cliff_Richard career . eos
holds the record ( along with Elvis Presley ) as the only act to make the UK singles charts in all of its active decades ( 1950s-2000s ) . According to Cliff_Richard website , Cliff_Richard has sold 250 million records over the course of Cliff_Richard career . In the British charts alone , Cliff_Richard has had more than 150 singles , albums and EPs make the top 20 . eos
has charted many hit singles , and Cliff_Richard holds the record ( along with Elvis Presley ) as the only act to make the UK singles charts in all of its active decades ( 1950s-2000s ) . According to Cliff_Richard website , Cliff_Richard has sold 250 million records over the course of Cliff_Richard career . In the British charts alone , Cliff_Richard has had more than 150 singles , albums and EPs make the top 20 . eos
website , Cliff_Richard has sold 250 million records over the course of Cliff_Richard career . In the British charts alone , Cliff_Richard has had more than 150 singles , albums and EPs make the top 20 . eos
has sold 250 million records over the course of Cliff_Richard career . In the British charts alone , Cliff_Richard has had more than 150 singles , albums and EPs make the top 20 . eos
career . In the British charts alone , Cliff_Richard has had more than 150 singles , albums and EPs make the top 20 . eos
has had more than 150 singles , albums and EPs make the top 20 . eos
( august 23 1926 , San Francisco - october 30 2006 , Philadelphia ) was an American anthropologist and Clifford_Geertz served until Clifford_Geertz death as professor emeritus at the Institute for Advanced Study , Princeton , New Jersey . eos
served until Clifford_Geertz death as professor emeritus at the Institute for Advanced Study , Princeton , New Jersey . eos
death as professor emeritus at the Institute for Advanced Study , Princeton , New Jersey . eos
( february 27 , 272-May 22 , 337 ) , commonly known as Constantine I , Constantine the Great , or ( among Eastern Orthodox and Eastern Catholic Christians ) Saint Constantine , was a Roman Emperor , proclaimed Augustus by Constantine_I troops on july 25,306 and Constantine_I ruled an ever - growing portion of the Roman Empire until Constantine_I death . Constantine_I is best remembered in modern times for the Edict of Milan in 313 , which fully legalized Christianity in the Empire , for the first time , and the Council of Nicaea in 325 ; these actions are considered major factors in the spreading of the Christian religion . eos
troops on july 25,306 and Constantine_I ruled an ever - growing portion of the Roman Empire until Constantine_I death . Constantine_I is best remembered in modern times for the Edict of Milan in 313 , which fully legalized Christianity in the Empire , for the first time , and the Council of Nicaea in 325 ; these actions are considered major factors in the spreading of the Christian religion . eos
ruled an ever - growing portion of the Roman Empire until Constantine_I death . Constantine_I is best remembered in modern times for the Edict of Milan in 313 , which fully legalized Christianity in the Empire , for the first time , and the Council of Nicaea in 325 ; these actions are considered major factors in the spreading of the Christian religion . eos
death . Constantine_I is best remembered in modern times for the Edict of Milan in 313 , which fully legalized Christianity in the Empire , for the first time , and the Council of Nicaea in 325 ; these actions are considered major factors in the spreading of the Christian religion . Constantine_I reputation as the ` ` first Christian Emperor '' has been promulgated by historians from Lactantius and Eusebius of Caesarea to the present day , although there has been debate over the veracity of Constantine_I faith . eos
is best remembered in modern times for the Edict of Milan in 313 , which fully legalized Christianity in the Empire , for the first time , and the Council of Nicaea in 325 ; these actions are considered major factors in the spreading of the Christian religion . Constantine_I reputation as the ` ` first Christian Emperor '' has been promulgated by historians from Lactantius and Eusebius of Caesarea to the present day , although there has been debate over the veracity of Constantine_I faith . This debate stems from Constantine_I continued support for pagan deities and the fact that Constantine_I was baptized very close to Constantine_I death . eos
reputation as the ` ` first Christian Emperor '' has been promulgated by historians from Lactantius and Eusebius of Caesarea to the present day , although there has been debate over the veracity of Constantine_I faith . This debate stems from Constantine_I continued support for pagan deities and the fact that Constantine_I was baptized very close to Constantine_I death . eos
faith . This debate stems from Constantine_I continued support for pagan deities and the fact that Constantine_I was baptized very close to Constantine_I death . eos
death . eos
continued support for pagan deities and the fact that Constantine_I was baptized very close to Constantine_I death . eos
was baptized very close to Constantine_I death . eos
( born june 2 , 1953 in Tulsa , Oklahoma ) is a prominent African - American scholar and public intellectual . Formerly at Harvard University , Cornel_West is currently a professor of Religion at Princeton . Cornel_West intellectual contributions draw from such diverse traditions as the African American Baptist Church , Marxism , pragmatism , and transcendentalism . eos
is currently a professor of Religion at Princeton . Cornel_West intellectual contributions draw from such diverse traditions as the African American Baptist Church , Marxism , pragmatism , and transcendentalism . eos
intellectual contributions draw from such diverse traditions as the African American Baptist Church , Marxism , pragmatism , and transcendentalism . eos
was born december 17 , 1982 in Thornhill , Ontario , Canada . Craig_Kielburger is an accomplished child rights advocate and leadership specialist . Craig_Kielburger also is an award - winning author and a popular speaker , thrice nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize . eos
is an accomplished child rights advocate and leadership specialist . Craig_Kielburger also is an award - winning author and a popular speaker , thrice nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize . Craig_Kielburger has founded Free The Children , the world 's largest network of children helping children through education , and Craig_Kielburger has co - founded Leaders Today , a youth leadership training organization known around the world . eos
also is an award - winning author and a popular speaker , thrice nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize . Craig_Kielburger has founded Free The Children , the world 's largest network of children helping children through education , and Craig_Kielburger has co - founded Leaders Today , a youth leadership training organization known around the world . Since Craig_Kielburger organized the former group at the age of 12 , Craig_Kielburger became famous as a young social activist of remarkable precociousness . eos
has founded Free The Children , the world 's largest network of children helping children through education , and Craig_Kielburger has co - founded Leaders Today , a youth leadership training organization known around the world . Since Craig_Kielburger organized the former group at the age of 12 , Craig_Kielburger became famous as a young social activist of remarkable precociousness . eos
has co - founded Leaders Today , a youth leadership training organization known around the world . Since Craig_Kielburger organized the former group at the age of 12 , Craig_Kielburger became famous as a young social activist of remarkable precociousness . eos
organized the former group at the age of 12 , Craig_Kielburger became famous as a young social activist of remarkable precociousness . eos
became famous as a young social activist of remarkable precociousness . eos
( Old Persian : Kuruš , modern Persian : کوروش , Kourosh ; ca . 576 or 590 BC - july 529 BC ) , also known as Cyrus II of Persia and Cyrus the Elder , was the founder of the Persian Empire under the Achaemenid dynasty . eos
conquered the Medes and Cyrus_the_Great unified the two separate Iranian kingdoms ; as the king of Persia , Cyrus_the_Great reigned over the new empire from 559 BC until Cyrus_the_Great death . The empire expanded under Cyrus_the_Great rule , eventually conquering most of Southwest Asia and much of the Indian frontier to create the largest nation the world had yet seen . eos
unified the two separate Iranian kingdoms ; as the king of Persia , Cyrus_the_Great reigned over the new empire from 559 BC until Cyrus_the_Great death . The empire expanded under Cyrus_the_Great rule , eventually conquering most of Southwest Asia and much of the Indian frontier to create the largest nation the world had yet seen . eos
reigned over the new empire from 559 BC until Cyrus_the_Great death . The empire expanded under Cyrus_the_Great rule , eventually conquering most of Southwest Asia and much of the Indian frontier to create the largest nation the world had yet seen . eos
death . The empire expanded under Cyrus_the_Great rule , eventually conquering most of Southwest Asia and much of the Indian frontier to create the largest nation the world had yet seen . eos
rule , eventually conquering most of Southwest Asia and much of the Indian frontier to create the largest nation the world had yet seen . eos
( july 24 , 1899-september 23 , 1981 ) was a chief of the Tsleil - Waututh , a Salish First Nations people located in Burrard Inlet , British Columbia . Dan_George was also a notable actor . Dan_George was born Geswanouth Slahoot on a First Nations reserve in North Vancouver in 1899 . eos
was also a notable actor . Dan_George was born Geswanouth Slahoot on a First Nations reserve in North Vancouver in 1899 . Dan_George English name was Dan Slaholt . eos
was born Geswanouth Slahoot on a First Nations reserve in North Vancouver in 1899 . Dan_George English name was Dan Slaholt . Dan_George last name was changed to George when Dan_George entered a residential school at the age of 5 . eos
English name was Dan Slaholt . Dan_George last name was changed to George when Dan_George entered a residential school at the age of 5 . Dan_George worked at a number of different jobs including longshoreman , construction worker and school bus driver . eos
last name was changed to George when Dan_George entered a residential school at the age of 5 . Dan_George worked at a number of different jobs including longshoreman , construction worker and school bus driver . Dan_George was chief of the Tsleil - Waututh from 1951 to 1963 . eos
entered a residential school at the age of 5 . Dan_George worked at a number of different jobs including longshoreman , construction worker and school bus driver . Dan_George was chief of the Tsleil - Waututh from 1951 to 1963 . eos
worked at a number of different jobs including longshoreman , construction worker and school bus driver . Dan_George was chief of the Tsleil - Waututh from 1951 to 1963 . When Dan_George was over 60 , Dan_George got Dan_George first job acting in a CBC television series , Cariboo Country , in 1960 , as the character ` ` Ol' Antoine '' ( pron . eos
was chief of the Tsleil - Waututh from 1951 to 1963 . When Dan_George was over 60 , Dan_George got Dan_George first job acting in a CBC television series , Cariboo Country , in 1960 , as the character ` ` Ol' Antoine '' ( pron . An - twine ) . eos
got Dan_George first job acting in a CBC television series , Cariboo Country , in 1960 , as the character ` ` Ol' Antoine '' ( pron . An - twine ) . Dan_George performed the same role in a Walt Disney Studios movie , Smith ! , adapted from an episode in this series ( based on Breaking Smith 's Quarter Horse , a novella by Paul St. Pierre . eos
first job acting in a CBC television series , Cariboo Country , in 1960 , as the character ` ` Ol' Antoine '' ( pron . An - twine ) . Dan_George performed the same role in a Walt Disney Studios movie , Smith ! , adapted from an episode in this series ( based on Breaking Smith 's Quarter Horse , a novella by Paul St. Pierre . eos
was over 60 , Dan_George got Dan_George first job acting in a CBC television series , Cariboo Country , in 1960 , as the character ` ` Ol' Antoine '' ( pron . An - twine ) . Dan_George performed the same role in a Walt Disney Studios movie , Smith ! , adapted from an episode in this series ( based on Breaking Smith 's Quarter Horse , a novella by Paul St. Pierre . eos
performed the same role in a Walt Disney Studios movie , Smith ! , adapted from an episode in this series ( based on Breaking Smith 's Quarter Horse , a novella by Paul St. Pierre . At the age of 71 , Dan_George won several awards for Dan_George role in the film Little Big Man , including a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor . Dan_George continued to act in other movies , such as The Outlaw Josey Wales and Harry and Tonto , and on television , including the miniseries Centennial , based on the book by James A Michener . eos
won several awards for Dan_George role in the film Little Big Man , including a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor . Dan_George continued to act in other movies , such as The Outlaw Josey Wales and Harry and Tonto , and on television , including the miniseries Centennial , based on the book by James A Michener . Dan_George performed the role of Rita Joe 's father in George Ryga 's stage play , The Ecstasy of Rita Joe , in performances held in Vancouver , the National Arts Centre in Ottawa and Washington . eos
role in the film Little Big Man , including a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor . Dan_George continued to act in other movies , such as The Outlaw Josey Wales and Harry and Tonto , and on television , including the miniseries Centennial , based on the book by James A Michener . Dan_George performed the role of Rita Joe 's father in George Ryga 's stage play , The Ecstasy of Rita Joe , in performances held in Vancouver , the National Arts Centre in Ottawa and Washington . eos
continued to act in other movies , such as The Outlaw Josey Wales and Harry and Tonto , and on television , including the miniseries Centennial , based on the book by James A Michener . Dan_George performed the role of Rita Joe 's father in George Ryga 's stage play , The Ecstasy of Rita Joe , in performances held in Vancouver , the National Arts Centre in Ottawa and Washington . During Dan_George acting career , Dan_George also worked to promote better understanding by non - aboriginals of First Nations people . eos
performed the role of Rita Joe 's father in George Ryga 's stage play , The Ecstasy of Rita Joe , in performances held in Vancouver , the National Arts Centre in Ottawa and Washington . During Dan_George acting career , Dan_George also worked to promote better understanding by non - aboriginals of First Nations people . Dan_George soliloquy , Lament for Confederation , a riveting indictment of the appropriation of native territory by white colonialism , was performed at the city of Vancouver 's celebration of the Canadian centennial in 1967 ; this speech is credited with escalating native political activism in Canada as well as touching off widespread pro - native sentiment among non - natives . eos
acting career , Dan_George also worked to promote better understanding by non - aboriginals of First Nations people . Dan_George soliloquy , Lament for Confederation , a riveting indictment of the appropriation of native territory by white colonialism , was performed at the city of Vancouver 's celebration of the Canadian centennial in 1967 ; this speech is credited with escalating native political activism in Canada as well as touching off widespread pro - native sentiment among non - natives . In 1971 , Dan_George was made an Officer of the Order of Canada . eos
also worked to promote better understanding by non - aboriginals of First Nations people . Dan_George soliloquy , Lament for Confederation , a riveting indictment of the appropriation of native territory by white colonialism , was performed at the city of Vancouver 's celebration of the Canadian centennial in 1967 ; this speech is credited with escalating native political activism in Canada as well as touching off widespread pro - native sentiment among non - natives . In 1971 , Dan_George was made an Officer of the Order of Canada . eos
soliloquy , Lament for Confederation , a riveting indictment of the appropriation of native territory by white colonialism , was performed at the city of Vancouver 's celebration of the Canadian centennial in 1967 ; this speech is credited with escalating native political activism in Canada as well as touching off widespread pro - native sentiment among non - natives . In 1971 , Dan_George was made an Officer of the Order of Canada . Dan_George died in Vancouver in 1981 . eos
was made an Officer of the Order of Canada . Dan_George died in Vancouver in 1981 . eos
died in Vancouver in 1981 . eos
( b. march 28 1942 in Boston , Massachusetts ) , is a prominent American philosopher . Daniel_Dennett research centers on philosophy of mind , philosophy of science and philosophy of biology , particularly as those fields relate to evolutionary biology and cognitive science . eos
research centers on philosophy of mind , philosophy of science and philosophy of biology , particularly as those fields relate to evolutionary biology and cognitive science . eos
( born march 5 , 1934 in Tel Aviv ) , is an American psychologist , notable for Daniel_Kahneman pioneering work on behavioral finance and hedonic psychology . With Amos Tversky and others , Daniel_Kahneman established a cognitive basis for common human errors using heuristics and in developing prospect theory . Daniel_Kahneman spent Daniel_Kahneman childhood years in Paris , France and Daniel_Kahneman moved to Palestine in 1946 . eos
pioneering work on behavioral finance and hedonic psychology . With Amos Tversky and others , Daniel_Kahneman established a cognitive basis for common human errors using heuristics and in developing prospect theory . Daniel_Kahneman spent Daniel_Kahneman childhood years in Paris , France and Daniel_Kahneman moved to Palestine in 1946 . eos
established a cognitive basis for common human errors using heuristics and in developing prospect theory . Daniel_Kahneman spent Daniel_Kahneman childhood years in Paris , France and Daniel_Kahneman moved to Palestine in 1946 . Daniel_Kahneman received Daniel_Kahneman BSc in mathematics and psychology from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem in 1954 , after which Daniel_Kahneman served in the Israeli Defense Forces , principally in its psychology department . eos
spent Daniel_Kahneman childhood years in Paris , France and Daniel_Kahneman moved to Palestine in 1946 . Daniel_Kahneman received Daniel_Kahneman BSc in mathematics and psychology from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem in 1954 , after which Daniel_Kahneman served in the Israeli Defense Forces , principally in its psychology department . In 1958 Daniel_Kahneman went to the United States and Daniel_Kahneman earned Daniel_Kahneman PhD in Psychology from the University of California , Berkeley in 1961 . eos
childhood years in Paris , France and Daniel_Kahneman moved to Palestine in 1946 . Daniel_Kahneman received Daniel_Kahneman BSc in mathematics and psychology from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem in 1954 , after which Daniel_Kahneman served in the Israeli Defense Forces , principally in its psychology department . In 1958 Daniel_Kahneman went to the United States and Daniel_Kahneman earned Daniel_Kahneman PhD in Psychology from the University of California , Berkeley in 1961 . eos
moved to Palestine in 1946 . Daniel_Kahneman received Daniel_Kahneman BSc in mathematics and psychology from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem in 1954 , after which Daniel_Kahneman served in the Israeli Defense Forces , principally in its psychology department . In 1958 Daniel_Kahneman went to the United States and Daniel_Kahneman earned Daniel_Kahneman PhD in Psychology from the University of California , Berkeley in 1961 . eos
received Daniel_Kahneman BSc in mathematics and psychology from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem in 1954 , after which Daniel_Kahneman served in the Israeli Defense Forces , principally in its psychology department . In 1958 Daniel_Kahneman went to the United States and Daniel_Kahneman earned Daniel_Kahneman PhD in Psychology from the University of California , Berkeley in 1961 . Currently a faculty member at Princeton University and a fellow at Hebrew University , Daniel_Kahneman is the winner of the 2002 Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for Daniel_Kahneman work in prospect theory , despite being a research psychologist and not an economist . eos
BSc in mathematics and psychology from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem in 1954 , after which Daniel_Kahneman served in the Israeli Defense Forces , principally in its psychology department . In 1958 Daniel_Kahneman went to the United States and Daniel_Kahneman earned Daniel_Kahneman PhD in Psychology from the University of California , Berkeley in 1961 . Currently a faculty member at Princeton University and a fellow at Hebrew University , Daniel_Kahneman is the winner of the 2002 Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for Daniel_Kahneman work in prospect theory , despite being a research psychologist and not an economist . eos
served in the Israeli Defense Forces , principally in its psychology department . In 1958 Daniel_Kahneman went to the United States and Daniel_Kahneman earned Daniel_Kahneman PhD in Psychology from the University of California , Berkeley in 1961 . Currently a faculty member at Princeton University and a fellow at Hebrew University , Daniel_Kahneman is the winner of the 2002 Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for Daniel_Kahneman work in prospect theory , despite being a research psychologist and not an economist . eos
went to the United States and Daniel_Kahneman earned Daniel_Kahneman PhD in Psychology from the University of California , Berkeley in 1961 . Currently a faculty member at Princeton University and a fellow at Hebrew University , Daniel_Kahneman is the winner of the 2002 Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for Daniel_Kahneman work in prospect theory , despite being a research psychologist and not an economist . In fact , Daniel_Kahneman claims to have never taken a single economics course - eos
earned Daniel_Kahneman PhD in Psychology from the University of California , Berkeley in 1961 . Currently a faculty member at Princeton University and a fellow at Hebrew University , Daniel_Kahneman is the winner of the 2002 Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for Daniel_Kahneman work in prospect theory , despite being a research psychologist and not an economist . In fact , Daniel_Kahneman claims to have never taken a single economics course - eos
PhD in Psychology from the University of California , Berkeley in 1961 . Currently a faculty member at Princeton University and a fellow at Hebrew University , Daniel_Kahneman is the winner of the 2002 Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for Daniel_Kahneman work in prospect theory , despite being a research psychologist and not an economist . In fact , Daniel_Kahneman claims to have never taken a single economics course - eos
is the winner of the 2002 Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for Daniel_Kahneman work in prospect theory , despite being a research psychologist and not an economist . In fact , Daniel_Kahneman claims to have never taken a single economics course - Daniel_Kahneman claims that what Daniel_Kahneman knows of the subject Daniel_Kahneman and Tversky learned from collaborators Richard Thaler and Jack Knetsch . eos
work in prospect theory , despite being a research psychologist and not an economist . In fact , Daniel_Kahneman claims to have never taken a single economics course - Daniel_Kahneman claims that what Daniel_Kahneman knows of the subject Daniel_Kahneman and Tversky learned from collaborators Richard Thaler and Jack Knetsch . eos
claims to have never taken a single economics course - Daniel_Kahneman claims that what Daniel_Kahneman knows of the subject Daniel_Kahneman and Tversky learned from collaborators Richard Thaler and Jack Knetsch . In explaining why Daniel_Kahneman entered the field of psychology , Daniel_Kahneman once wrote : It must have been late 1941 or early 1942 . eos
claims that what Daniel_Kahneman knows of the subject Daniel_Kahneman and Tversky learned from collaborators Richard Thaler and Jack Knetsch . In explaining why Daniel_Kahneman entered the field of psychology , Daniel_Kahneman once wrote : It must have been late 1941 or early 1942 . Jews were required to wear the Star of David and to obey a 6 pm curfew . eos
knows of the subject Daniel_Kahneman and Tversky learned from collaborators Richard Thaler and Jack Knetsch . In explaining why Daniel_Kahneman entered the field of psychology , Daniel_Kahneman once wrote : It must have been late 1941 or early 1942 . Jews were required to wear the Star of David and to obey a 6 pm curfew . eos
and Tversky learned from collaborators Richard Thaler and Jack Knetsch . In explaining why Daniel_Kahneman entered the field of psychology , Daniel_Kahneman once wrote : It must have been late 1941 or early 1942 . Jews were required to wear the Star of David and to obey a 6 pm curfew . eos
entered the field of psychology , Daniel_Kahneman once wrote : It must have been late 1941 or early 1942 . Jews were required to wear the Star of David and to obey a 6 pm curfew . I had gone to play with a Christian friend and had stayed too late . eos
once wrote : It must have been late 1941 or early 1942 . Jews were required to wear the Star of David and to obey a 6 pm curfew . I had gone to play with a Christian friend and had stayed too late . eos
, OM , CH , CVO , CBE , FRS ( born on May 8 , 1926 in London , England ) is one of the world 's best known broadcasters and naturalists . Widely considered one of the pioneers of the nature documentary , David_Attenborough has written and presented eight major series ( with a ninth in production ) surveying nearly every aspect of life on Earth . David_Attenborough is also a former senior manager at the BBC , having served as controller of BBC2 and director of programming for BBC Television in the 1960s and 1970s . eos
has written and presented eight major series ( with a ninth in production ) surveying nearly every aspect of life on Earth . David_Attenborough is also a former senior manager at the BBC , having served as controller of BBC2 and director of programming for BBC Television in the 1960s and 1970s . David_Attenborough is the younger brother of director and actor Richard Attenborough . eos
is also a former senior manager at the BBC , having served as controller of BBC2 and director of programming for BBC Television in the 1960s and 1970s . David_Attenborough is the younger brother of director and actor Richard Attenborough . eos
is the younger brother of director and actor Richard Attenborough . eos
OBE ( born May 2 , 1975 ) is an English footballer David_Beckham plays for Real Madrid . Named a member of Pelé 's FIFA 100 , David_Beckham is one of the most famous players in the world , and considered a celebrity even outside the football world . David_Beckham is the fifth most capped England player of all time , and in addition to being the only Englishman to score in three different World Cups , David_Beckham is also only the fifth player in World Cup history to score twice from direct free kicks . eos
plays for Real Madrid . Named a member of Pelé 's FIFA 100 , David_Beckham is one of the most famous players in the world , and considered a celebrity even outside the football world . David_Beckham is the fifth most capped England player of all time , and in addition to being the only Englishman to score in three different World Cups , David_Beckham is also only the fifth player in World Cup history to score twice from direct free kicks . eos
is one of the most famous players in the world , and considered a celebrity even outside the football world . David_Beckham is the fifth most capped England player of all time , and in addition to being the only Englishman to score in three different World Cups , David_Beckham is also only the fifth player in World Cup history to score twice from direct free kicks . David_Beckham was captain of the English national team from 15 november 2000 to 2 july , 2006 . eos
is the fifth most capped England player of all time , and in addition to being the only Englishman to score in three different World Cups , David_Beckham is also only the fifth player in World Cup history to score twice from direct free kicks . David_Beckham was captain of the English national team from 15 november 2000 to 2 july , 2006 . David_Beckham career began when David_Beckham signed a professional contract with Manchester United , making David_Beckham first first - team appearance in 1992 , at the age of 17 . eos
is also only the fifth player in World Cup history to score twice from direct free kicks . David_Beckham was captain of the English national team from 15 november 2000 to 2 july , 2006 . David_Beckham career began when David_Beckham signed a professional contract with Manchester United , making David_Beckham first first - team appearance in 1992 , at the age of 17 . eos
was captain of the English national team from 15 november 2000 to 2 july , 2006 . David_Beckham career began when David_Beckham signed a professional contract with Manchester United , making David_Beckham first first - team appearance in 1992 , at the age of 17 . While with Manchester United David_Beckham played a key role in their dominance of the FA Premier League , being pivotal in accomplishing The Treble of the League , FA Cup , and UEFA Champions League in 1999 . eos
career began when David_Beckham signed a professional contract with Manchester United , making David_Beckham first first - team appearance in 1992 , at the age of 17 . While with Manchester United David_Beckham played a key role in their dominance of the FA Premier League , being pivotal in accomplishing The Treble of the League , FA Cup , and UEFA Champions League in 1999 . David_Beckham left the club to became only the third Englishman to sign for Real Madrid in 2003 , after Laurie Cunningham and Steve McManaman . eos
signed a professional contract with Manchester United , making David_Beckham first first - team appearance in 1992 , at the age of 17 . While with Manchester United David_Beckham played a key role in their dominance of the FA Premier League , being pivotal in accomplishing The Treble of the League , FA Cup , and UEFA Champions League in 1999 . David_Beckham left the club to became only the third Englishman to sign for Real Madrid in 2003 , after Laurie Cunningham and Steve McManaman . eos
first first - team appearance in 1992 , at the age of 17 . While with Manchester United David_Beckham played a key role in their dominance of the FA Premier League , being pivotal in accomplishing The Treble of the League , FA Cup , and UEFA Champions League in 1999 . David_Beckham left the club to became only the third Englishman to sign for Real Madrid in 2003 , after Laurie Cunningham and Steve McManaman . eos
played a key role in their dominance of the FA Premier League , being pivotal in accomplishing The Treble of the League , FA Cup , and UEFA Champions League in 1999 . David_Beckham left the club to became only the third Englishman to sign for Real Madrid in 2003 , after Laurie Cunningham and Steve McManaman . In 2006 , after England 's quarter - final exit at the World Cup in Germany , David_Beckham stood down as captain and David_Beckham was then succeeded by Chelsea captain John Terry . eos
left the club to became only the third Englishman to sign for Real Madrid in 2003 , after Laurie Cunningham and Steve McManaman . In 2006 , after England 's quarter - final exit at the World Cup in Germany , David_Beckham stood down as captain and David_Beckham was then succeeded by Chelsea captain John Terry . David_Beckham was dropped from the England national team selected by coach Steve McClaren on 11 august 2006 . eos
stood down as captain and David_Beckham was then succeeded by Chelsea captain John Terry . David_Beckham was dropped from the England national team selected by coach Steve McClaren on 11 august 2006 . eos
was then succeeded by Chelsea captain John Terry . David_Beckham was dropped from the England national team selected by coach Steve McClaren on 11 august 2006 . eos
was dropped from the England national team selected by coach Steve McClaren on 11 august 2006 . eos
, 1st Earl Lloyd George of Dwyfor , OM , PC ( 17 january 1863 - 26 march 1945 ) was a British statesman David_Lloyd_George guided Britain and the Commonwealth of Nations through World War I and the postwar settlement as the Liberal Party Prime Minister , 1916 - 1922 . eos
guided Britain and the Commonwealth of Nations through World War I and the postwar settlement as the Liberal Party Prime Minister , 1916 - 1922 . eos
( april 30 , 1770 - february 10 , 1857 ) , was an English - Canadian map - maker and explorer , known to native peoples as ` ` the Stargazer '' . David_Thompson_explorer was born in London to Welsh parents , and David_Thompson_explorer died in Montreal ( now Quebec , then Canada East in the Province of Canada ) . David_Thompson_explorer was a fur trader of the Hudson 's Bay Company and North West Company . eos
was born in London to Welsh parents , and David_Thompson_explorer died in Montreal ( now Quebec , then Canada East in the Province of Canada ) . David_Thompson_explorer was a fur trader of the Hudson 's Bay Company and North West Company . In 1785 , David_Thompson_explorer was sent to Canada to serve with the Hudson 's Bay Company , and David_Thompson_explorer served under apprentice for seven years . eos
died in Montreal ( now Quebec , then Canada East in the Province of Canada ) . David_Thompson_explorer was a fur trader of the Hudson 's Bay Company and North West Company . In 1785 , David_Thompson_explorer was sent to Canada to serve with the Hudson 's Bay Company , and David_Thompson_explorer served under apprentice for seven years . eos
was a fur trader of the Hudson 's Bay Company and North West Company . In 1785 , David_Thompson_explorer was sent to Canada to serve with the Hudson 's Bay Company , and David_Thompson_explorer served under apprentice for seven years . From 1792 to 1812 , David_Thompson_explorer explored and mapped the country west of Hudson Bay and Lake Superior , across the Rocky Mountains to the headwaters of the Columbia River and down the Columbia to the Pacific Ocean . eos
was sent to Canada to serve with the Hudson 's Bay Company , and David_Thompson_explorer served under apprentice for seven years . From 1792 to 1812 , David_Thompson_explorer explored and mapped the country west of Hudson Bay and Lake Superior , across the Rocky Mountains to the headwaters of the Columbia River and down the Columbia to the Pacific Ocean . David_Thompson_explorer was the first European to explore the Columbia from source to mouth . eos
served under apprentice for seven years . From 1792 to 1812 , David_Thompson_explorer explored and mapped the country west of Hudson Bay and Lake Superior , across the Rocky Mountains to the headwaters of the Columbia River and down the Columbia to the Pacific Ocean . David_Thompson_explorer was the first European to explore the Columbia from source to mouth . eos
explored and mapped the country west of Hudson Bay and Lake Superior , across the Rocky Mountains to the headwaters of the Columbia River and down the Columbia to the Pacific Ocean . David_Thompson_explorer was the first European to explore the Columbia from source to mouth . David_Thompson_explorer joined the Hudson 's Bay Company as an apprentice in 1784 . eos
was the first European to explore the Columbia from source to mouth . David_Thompson_explorer joined the Hudson 's Bay Company as an apprentice in 1784 . In 1797 , David_Thompson_explorer left the Hudson 's Bay Company and David_Thompson_explorer joined the North West Company . eos
joined the Hudson 's Bay Company as an apprentice in 1784 . In 1797 , David_Thompson_explorer left the Hudson 's Bay Company and David_Thompson_explorer joined the North West Company . The maps David_Thompson_explorer made of the Columbia River basin east of the Cascade Mountains were of such high quality and detail that they continued to be regarded as authoritative well into the mid-20th century . eos
left the Hudson 's Bay Company and David_Thompson_explorer joined the North West Company . The maps David_Thompson_explorer made of the Columbia River basin east of the Cascade Mountains were of such high quality and detail that they continued to be regarded as authoritative well into the mid-20th century . The land mass mapped by David_Thompson_explorer amounted to 3.9 million square kilometres of wilderness ( one - fifth of the continent ) . eos
joined the North West Company . The maps David_Thompson_explorer made of the Columbia River basin east of the Cascade Mountains were of such high quality and detail that they continued to be regarded as authoritative well into the mid-20th century . The land mass mapped by David_Thompson_explorer amounted to 3.9 million square kilometres of wilderness ( one - fifth of the continent ) . eos
made of the Columbia River basin east of the Cascade Mountains were of such high quality and detail that they continued to be regarded as authoritative well into the mid-20th century . The land mass mapped by David_Thompson_explorer amounted to 3.9 million square kilometres of wilderness ( one - fifth of the continent ) . David_Thompson_explorer contemporary , the great explorer Alexander Mackenzie , remarked that David_Thompson_explorer did more in ten months than he would have thought possible in two years . eos
amounted to 3.9 million square kilometres of wilderness ( one - fifth of the continent ) . David_Thompson_explorer contemporary , the great explorer Alexander Mackenzie , remarked that David_Thompson_explorer did more in ten months than he would have thought possible in two years . David_Thompson_explorer 1814 map , David_Thompson_explorer greatest achievement , was so accurate that 100 years later it was still the basis for many of the maps issued by the Canadian government . eos
contemporary , the great explorer Alexander Mackenzie , remarked that David_Thompson_explorer did more in ten months than he would have thought possible in two years . David_Thompson_explorer 1814 map , David_Thompson_explorer greatest achievement , was so accurate that 100 years later it was still the basis for many of the maps issued by the Canadian government . David_Thompson_explorer also completed the exacting survey of much of the Canada - US boundary along the 49th parallel in the west , and from the St. Lawrence River to Lake of the Woods . eos
did more in ten months than he would have thought possible in two years . David_Thompson_explorer 1814 map , David_Thompson_explorer greatest achievement , was so accurate that 100 years later it was still the basis for many of the maps issued by the Canadian government . David_Thompson_explorer also completed the exacting survey of much of the Canada - US boundary along the 49th parallel in the west , and from the St. Lawrence River to Lake of the Woods . eos
1814 map , David_Thompson_explorer greatest achievement , was so accurate that 100 years later it was still the basis for many of the maps issued by the Canadian government . David_Thompson_explorer also completed the exacting survey of much of the Canada - US boundary along the 49th parallel in the west , and from the St. Lawrence River to Lake of the Woods . David_Thompson_explorer married Charlotte Small , a Metis , the ` ` Woman of the Paddle Song . '' eos
greatest achievement , was so accurate that 100 years later it was still the basis for many of the maps issued by the Canadian government . David_Thompson_explorer also completed the exacting survey of much of the Canada - US boundary along the 49th parallel in the west , and from the St. Lawrence River to Lake of the Woods . David_Thompson_explorer married Charlotte Small , a Metis , the ` ` Woman of the Paddle Song . '' eos
also completed the exacting survey of much of the Canada - US boundary along the 49th parallel in the west , and from the St. Lawrence River to Lake of the Woods . David_Thompson_explorer married Charlotte Small , a Metis , the ` ` Woman of the Paddle Song . '' David_Thompson_explorer and Charlotte had 13 children . eos
married Charlotte Small , a Metis , the ` ` Woman of the Paddle Song . '' David_Thompson_explorer and Charlotte had 13 children . In David_Thompson_explorer published journals , David_Thompson_explorer recorded seeing large footprints near what is now Jasper , Alberta , in 1811 . eos
and Charlotte had 13 children . In David_Thompson_explorer published journals , David_Thompson_explorer recorded seeing large footprints near what is now Jasper , Alberta , in 1811 . It has been suggested that these prints were similar to what has since been called the sasquatch . eos
published journals , David_Thompson_explorer recorded seeing large footprints near what is now Jasper , Alberta , in 1811 . It has been suggested that these prints were similar to what has since been called the sasquatch . However , David_Thompson_explorer noted that these tracks showed ` ` a small Nail at the end of each "" toe "" '' , and David_Thompson_explorer stated that these tracks ` ` very much resembles a large Bear 's Track '' . eos
recorded seeing large footprints near what is now Jasper , Alberta , in 1811 . It has been suggested that these prints were similar to what has since been called the sasquatch . However , David_Thompson_explorer noted that these tracks showed ` ` a small Nail at the end of each "" toe "" '' , and David_Thompson_explorer stated that these tracks ` ` very much resembles a large Bear 's Track '' . eos
noted that these tracks showed ` ` a small Nail at the end of each "" toe "" '' , and David_Thompson_explorer stated that these tracks ` ` very much resembles a large Bear 's Track '' . David_Thompson_explorer died in Montreal in near obscurity , David_Thompson_explorer achievements almost unrecognized . David_Thompson_explorer is interred there in the Mount Royal Cemetery . eos
stated that these tracks ` ` very much resembles a large Bear 's Track '' . David_Thompson_explorer died in Montreal in near obscurity , David_Thompson_explorer achievements almost unrecognized . David_Thompson_explorer is interred there in the Mount Royal Cemetery . eos
died in Montreal in near obscurity , David_Thompson_explorer achievements almost unrecognized . David_Thompson_explorer is interred there in the Mount Royal Cemetery . However , in 1957 , one hundred years after David_Thompson_explorer death , the Canadian government honoured David_Thompson_explorer with David_Thompson_explorer image on a Canadian postage stamp . eos
achievements almost unrecognized . David_Thompson_explorer is interred there in the Mount Royal Cemetery . However , in 1957 , one hundred years after David_Thompson_explorer death , the Canadian government honoured David_Thompson_explorer with David_Thompson_explorer image on a Canadian postage stamp . eos
is interred there in the Mount Royal Cemetery . However , in 1957 , one hundred years after David_Thompson_explorer death , the Canadian government honoured David_Thompson_explorer with David_Thompson_explorer image on a Canadian postage stamp . The David Thompson Highway in Alberta was named in David_Thompson_explorer honour . eos
death , the Canadian government honoured David_Thompson_explorer with David_Thompson_explorer image on a Canadian postage stamp . The David Thompson Highway in Alberta was named in David_Thompson_explorer honour . David_Thompson_explorer prowess as a geographer is now well - recognized . eos
with David_Thompson_explorer image on a Canadian postage stamp . The David Thompson Highway in Alberta was named in David_Thompson_explorer honour . David_Thompson_explorer prowess as a geographer is now well - recognized . eos
image on a Canadian postage stamp . The David Thompson Highway in Alberta was named in David_Thompson_explorer honour . David_Thompson_explorer prowess as a geographer is now well - recognized . eos
honour . David_Thompson_explorer prowess as a geographer is now well - recognized . David_Thompson_explorer has been called ` ` the greatest land geographer who ever lived . '' eos
prowess as a geographer is now well - recognized . David_Thompson_explorer has been called ` ` the greatest land geographer who ever lived . '' There is a monument dedicated to David_Thompson_explorer ( maintained by the state of North Dakota ) approximately two miles north and one mile west of Karlsruhe , ND . eos
has been called ` ` the greatest land geographer who ever lived . '' There is a monument dedicated to David_Thompson_explorer ( maintained by the state of North Dakota ) approximately two miles north and one mile west of Karlsruhe , ND . eos
( maintained by the state of North Dakota ) approximately two miles north and one mile west of Karlsruhe , ND . eos
CBE DSO and Bar DCand Bar FRAeS DL LegH CdeG RAF ( 21 february 1910 - 5 september 1982 ) ; surname pronounced "" IPA : / ˈbɑːdə / "" ) was a successful fighter pilot in the Royal Air Force during the Second World War . eos
is upheld as an inspirational leader and hero of the era , not least because Douglas_Bader fought despite having lost both legs in a pre - war flying accident . Douglas_Bader brutally forthright , dogmatic and often highly opinionated views ( especially against authority ) coupled with Douglas_Bader boundless energy and enthusiasm inspired adoration and frustration in equal measures with both Douglas_Bader subordinates and peers . eos
fought despite having lost both legs in a pre - war flying accident . Douglas_Bader brutally forthright , dogmatic and often highly opinionated views ( especially against authority ) coupled with Douglas_Bader boundless energy and enthusiasm inspired adoration and frustration in equal measures with both Douglas_Bader subordinates and peers . eos
brutally forthright , dogmatic and often highly opinionated views ( especially against authority ) coupled with Douglas_Bader boundless energy and enthusiasm inspired adoration and frustration in equal measures with both Douglas_Bader subordinates and peers . eos
boundless energy and enthusiasm inspired adoration and frustration in equal measures with both Douglas_Bader subordinates and peers . eos
subordinates and peers . eos
( b. june 10 , 1929 in Birmingham , Alabama USA ) is a distinguished biologist ( Myrmecology , a branch of entomology ) , researcher ( sociobiology , biodiversity ) and theorist ( consilience , biophilia ) , a naturalist ( conservationism ) , and a prominent man of letters . E._O._Wilson is known for E._O._Wilson remarkably prolific career as a scientist , E._O._Wilson advocacy for environmentalism , and E._O._Wilson scientific humanist ideas concerned with religious , moral , and ethical matters . E._O._Wilson is currently the Pellegrino Research Professor in Entomology for the Department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology at Harvard University . eos
is known for E._O._Wilson remarkably prolific career as a scientist , E._O._Wilson advocacy for environmentalism , and E._O._Wilson scientific humanist ideas concerned with religious , moral , and ethical matters . E._O._Wilson is currently the Pellegrino Research Professor in Entomology for the Department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology at Harvard University . eos
remarkably prolific career as a scientist , E._O._Wilson advocacy for environmentalism , and E._O._Wilson scientific humanist ideas concerned with religious , moral , and ethical matters . E._O._Wilson is currently the Pellegrino Research Professor in Entomology for the Department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology at Harvard University . eos
advocacy for environmentalism , and E._O._Wilson scientific humanist ideas concerned with religious , moral , and ethical matters . E._O._Wilson is currently the Pellegrino Research Professor in Entomology for the Department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology at Harvard University . eos
scientific humanist ideas concerned with religious , moral , and ethical matters . E._O._Wilson is currently the Pellegrino Research Professor in Entomology for the Department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology at Harvard University . eos
is currently the Pellegrino Research Professor in Entomology for the Department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology at Harvard University . eos
( born april 21 , 1965 in Carman , Manitoba , Canada ) is an NHL goalie Ed_Belfour currently plays for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League . Ed_Belfour was born in Carman , Manitoba and Ed_Belfour grew up playing hockey . Ed_Belfour played junior hockey for the Winkler Flyers before going to the University of North Dakota where Ed_Belfour helped the school win the NCAA championship in the 1986 - 87 season . eos
currently plays for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League . Ed_Belfour was born in Carman , Manitoba and Ed_Belfour grew up playing hockey . Ed_Belfour played junior hockey for the Winkler Flyers before going to the University of North Dakota where Ed_Belfour helped the school win the NCAA championship in the 1986 - 87 season . eos
was born in Carman , Manitoba and Ed_Belfour grew up playing hockey . Ed_Belfour played junior hockey for the Winkler Flyers before going to the University of North Dakota where Ed_Belfour helped the school win the NCAA championship in the 1986 - 87 season . The following year , Ed_Belfour signed as a free agent with the Chicago Blackhawks , alternating time between them and the Saginaw Hawks of the International Hockey League . eos
grew up playing hockey . Ed_Belfour played junior hockey for the Winkler Flyers before going to the University of North Dakota where Ed_Belfour helped the school win the NCAA championship in the 1986 - 87 season . The following year , Ed_Belfour signed as a free agent with the Chicago Blackhawks , alternating time between them and the Saginaw Hawks of the International Hockey League . eos
played junior hockey for the Winkler Flyers before going to the University of North Dakota where Ed_Belfour helped the school win the NCAA championship in the 1986 - 87 season . The following year , Ed_Belfour signed as a free agent with the Chicago Blackhawks , alternating time between them and the Saginaw Hawks of the International Hockey League . eos
helped the school win the NCAA championship in the 1986 - 87 season . The following year , Ed_Belfour signed as a free agent with the Chicago Blackhawks , alternating time between them and the Saginaw Hawks of the International Hockey League . eos
signed as a free agent with the Chicago Blackhawks , alternating time between them and the Saginaw Hawks of the International Hockey League . eos
( 17 june 1239 - 7 july 1307 ) , popularly known as ` ` Longshanks '' because of Edward_I_of_England 6 foot 2 inch ( 1.88 m ) frame and the ` ` Hammer of the Scots '' ( Edward_I_of_England tombstone , in Latin , read , Edwardus Primus Scotorum Malleus hic est , 1308 . Pactum Serva , ` ` Here is Edward I , Hammer of the Scots '' ; though this inscription was probably added in the sixteenth century ) , achieved fame as the monarch who conquered Wales and who kept Scotland under English domination during Edward_I_of_England lifetime . eos
6 foot 2 inch ( 1.88 m ) frame and the ` ` Hammer of the Scots '' ( Edward_I_of_England tombstone , in Latin , read , Edwardus Primus Scotorum Malleus hic est , 1308 . Pactum Serva , ` ` Here is Edward I , Hammer of the Scots '' ; though this inscription was probably added in the sixteenth century ) , achieved fame as the monarch who conquered Wales and who kept Scotland under English domination during Edward_I_of_England lifetime . eos
tombstone , in Latin , read , Edwardus Primus Scotorum Malleus hic est , 1308 . Pactum Serva , ` ` Here is Edward I , Hammer of the Scots '' ; though this inscription was probably added in the sixteenth century ) , achieved fame as the monarch who conquered Wales and who kept Scotland under English domination during Edward_I_of_England lifetime . eos
lifetime . Edward_I_of_England reigned from 1272 to 1307 , ascending the throne of England on 21 november 1272 after the death of Edward_I_of_England father , King Henry III of England . Edward_I_of_England mother was Queen consort Eleanor of Provence . eos
reigned from 1272 to 1307 , ascending the throne of England on 21 november 1272 after the death of Edward_I_of_England father , King Henry III of England . Edward_I_of_England mother was Queen consort Eleanor of Provence . eos
father , King Henry III of England . Edward_I_of_England mother was Queen consort Eleanor of Provence . eos
mother was Queen consort Eleanor of Provence . eos
, FRS , ( May 17 , 1749 - january 26 , 1823 ) was an English country doctor Edward_Jenner studied nature and Edward_Jenner natural surroundings from childhood and Edward_Jenner practiced medicine in Berkeley , Gloucestershire , England . Edward_Jenner is famous as the first doctor to introduce and study the smallpox vaccine . Edward_Jenner trained in Sodbury , Gloucestershire as an apprentice to Dr. Ludlow for 8 years from the age of 13 , then Edward_Jenner went up to London in 1770 to study under the surgeon John Hunter ( a noted experimentalist , and later a fellow of the Royal Society ) and others at St George 's Hospital . eos
studied nature and Edward_Jenner natural surroundings from childhood and Edward_Jenner practiced medicine in Berkeley , Gloucestershire , England . Edward_Jenner is famous as the first doctor to introduce and study the smallpox vaccine . Edward_Jenner trained in Sodbury , Gloucestershire as an apprentice to Dr. Ludlow for 8 years from the age of 13 , then Edward_Jenner went up to London in 1770 to study under the surgeon John Hunter ( a noted experimentalist , and later a fellow of the Royal Society ) and others at St George 's Hospital . eos
natural surroundings from childhood and Edward_Jenner practiced medicine in Berkeley , Gloucestershire , England . Edward_Jenner is famous as the first doctor to introduce and study the smallpox vaccine . Edward_Jenner trained in Sodbury , Gloucestershire as an apprentice to Dr. Ludlow for 8 years from the age of 13 , then Edward_Jenner went up to London in 1770 to study under the surgeon John Hunter ( a noted experimentalist , and later a fellow of the Royal Society ) and others at St George 's Hospital . eos
practiced medicine in Berkeley , Gloucestershire , England . Edward_Jenner is famous as the first doctor to introduce and study the smallpox vaccine . Edward_Jenner trained in Sodbury , Gloucestershire as an apprentice to Dr. Ludlow for 8 years from the age of 13 , then Edward_Jenner went up to London in 1770 to study under the surgeon John Hunter ( a noted experimentalist , and later a fellow of the Royal Society ) and others at St George 's Hospital . eos
is famous as the first doctor to introduce and study the smallpox vaccine . Edward_Jenner trained in Sodbury , Gloucestershire as an apprentice to Dr. Ludlow for 8 years from the age of 13 , then Edward_Jenner went up to London in 1770 to study under the surgeon John Hunter ( a noted experimentalist , and later a fellow of the Royal Society ) and others at St George 's Hospital . William Osler records that Edward_Jenner was a student to Edward_Jenner Hunter repeated William Harvey 's advice , very famous in medical circles , ` ` Do n't think , try '' . eos
trained in Sodbury , Gloucestershire as an apprentice to Dr. Ludlow for 8 years from the age of 13 , then Edward_Jenner went up to London in 1770 to study under the surgeon John Hunter ( a noted experimentalist , and later a fellow of the Royal Society ) and others at St George 's Hospital . William Osler records that Edward_Jenner was a student to Edward_Jenner Hunter repeated William Harvey 's advice , very famous in medical circles , ` ` Do n't think , try '' . Edward_Jenner therefore was early noticed by men famous for advancing the practice and institutions of medicine , and Hunter remained in correspondence with Edward_Jenner over natural history and proposed Edward_Jenner for the Royal Society . eos
went up to London in 1770 to study under the surgeon John Hunter ( a noted experimentalist , and later a fellow of the Royal Society ) and others at St George 's Hospital . William Osler records that Edward_Jenner was a student to Edward_Jenner Hunter repeated William Harvey 's advice , very famous in medical circles , ` ` Do n't think , try '' . Edward_Jenner therefore was early noticed by men famous for advancing the practice and institutions of medicine , and Hunter remained in correspondence with Edward_Jenner over natural history and proposed Edward_Jenner for the Royal Society . eos
was a student to Edward_Jenner Hunter repeated William Harvey 's advice , very famous in medical circles , ` ` Do n't think , try '' . Edward_Jenner therefore was early noticed by men famous for advancing the practice and institutions of medicine , and Hunter remained in correspondence with Edward_Jenner over natural history and proposed Edward_Jenner for the Royal Society . Returning to Edward_Jenner native countryside , by 1773 Edward_Jenner became a successful general practitioner and surgeon , practicing in purpose - built premises at Berkeley . eos
Hunter repeated William Harvey 's advice , very famous in medical circles , ` ` Do n't think , try '' . Edward_Jenner therefore was early noticed by men famous for advancing the practice and institutions of medicine , and Hunter remained in correspondence with Edward_Jenner over natural history and proposed Edward_Jenner for the Royal Society . Returning to Edward_Jenner native countryside , by 1773 Edward_Jenner became a successful general practitioner and surgeon , practicing in purpose - built premises at Berkeley . eos
therefore was early noticed by men famous for advancing the practice and institutions of medicine , and Hunter remained in correspondence with Edward_Jenner over natural history and proposed Edward_Jenner for the Royal Society . Returning to Edward_Jenner native countryside , by 1773 Edward_Jenner became a successful general practitioner and surgeon , practicing in purpose - built premises at Berkeley . Edward_Jenner and others formed a medical society in Rodborough , Gloucestershire , meeting to read papers on medical subjects and dine together . eos
over natural history and proposed Edward_Jenner for the Royal Society . Returning to Edward_Jenner native countryside , by 1773 Edward_Jenner became a successful general practitioner and surgeon , practicing in purpose - built premises at Berkeley . Edward_Jenner and others formed a medical society in Rodborough , Gloucestershire , meeting to read papers on medical subjects and dine together . eos
for the Royal Society . Returning to Edward_Jenner native countryside , by 1773 Edward_Jenner became a successful general practitioner and surgeon , practicing in purpose - built premises at Berkeley . Edward_Jenner and others formed a medical society in Rodborough , Gloucestershire , meeting to read papers on medical subjects and dine together . eos
native countryside , by 1773 Edward_Jenner became a successful general practitioner and surgeon , practicing in purpose - built premises at Berkeley . Edward_Jenner and others formed a medical society in Rodborough , Gloucestershire , meeting to read papers on medical subjects and dine together . Edward_Jenner contributed papers on angina pectoris , ophthalmia and valvular disease of the heart and Edward_Jenner commented on cowpox . eos
became a successful general practitioner and surgeon , practicing in purpose - built premises at Berkeley . Edward_Jenner and others formed a medical society in Rodborough , Gloucestershire , meeting to read papers on medical subjects and dine together . Edward_Jenner contributed papers on angina pectoris , ophthalmia and valvular disease of the heart and Edward_Jenner commented on cowpox . eos
and others formed a medical society in Rodborough , Gloucestershire , meeting to read papers on medical subjects and dine together . Edward_Jenner contributed papers on angina pectoris , ophthalmia and valvular disease of the heart and Edward_Jenner commented on cowpox . Edward_Jenner also belonged to a similar society which met in Alveston , near Bristol . eos
contributed papers on angina pectoris , ophthalmia and valvular disease of the heart and Edward_Jenner commented on cowpox . Edward_Jenner also belonged to a similar society which met in Alveston , near Bristol . Edward_Jenner was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1788 , following a careful study combining observation , experiment and dissection into a description of the previously misunderstood life of the cuckoo in the nest . eos
commented on cowpox . Edward_Jenner also belonged to a similar society which met in Alveston , near Bristol . Edward_Jenner was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1788 , following a careful study combining observation , experiment and dissection into a description of the previously misunderstood life of the cuckoo in the nest . eos
also belonged to a similar society which met in Alveston , near Bristol . Edward_Jenner was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1788 , following a careful study combining observation , experiment and dissection into a description of the previously misunderstood life of the cuckoo in the nest . Edward_Jenner description of the newly - hatched cuckoo pushing its host 's eggs and fledglings from the nest ( contrary to the existing belief that the adult cuckoo did it ) was only confirmed in the 20th century when photography became feasible . eos
was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1788 , following a careful study combining observation , experiment and dissection into a description of the previously misunderstood life of the cuckoo in the nest . Edward_Jenner description of the newly - hatched cuckoo pushing its host 's eggs and fledglings from the nest ( contrary to the existing belief that the adult cuckoo did it ) was only confirmed in the 20th century when photography became feasible . Having observed the behaviour , Edward_Jenner demonstrated an anatomical adaptation for it - the baby cuckoo has a depression in its back which is not present after 12 days of life , in which it cups eggs and other chicks to push them out of the nest . eos
description of the newly - hatched cuckoo pushing its host 's eggs and fledglings from the nest ( contrary to the existing belief that the adult cuckoo did it ) was only confirmed in the 20th century when photography became feasible . Having observed the behaviour , Edward_Jenner demonstrated an anatomical adaptation for it - the baby cuckoo has a depression in its back which is not present after 12 days of life , in which it cups eggs and other chicks to push them out of the nest . It had been assumed that the adult bird did this , but the adult does not remain in the area for sufficiently long . eos
demonstrated an anatomical adaptation for it - the baby cuckoo has a depression in its back which is not present after 12 days of life , in which it cups eggs and other chicks to push them out of the nest . It had been assumed that the adult bird did this , but the adult does not remain in the area for sufficiently long . Edward_Jenner findings were published in the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society in 1787 . eos
findings were published in the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society in 1787 . Some discrepancies in the paper are ascribed to Edward_Jenner nephew who is said to have made up some observations . Edward_Jenner married Catherine Kingscote ( died 1815 from tuberculosis ) in march 1788 having met her when balloons were hot science , and Edward_Jenner and other Fellows were experimenting with them . eos
nephew who is said to have made up some observations . Edward_Jenner married Catherine Kingscote ( died 1815 from tuberculosis ) in march 1788 having met her when balloons were hot science , and Edward_Jenner and other Fellows were experimenting with them . Edward_Jenner trial balloon descended into Kingscote Park , owned by Anthony Kingscote , Catherine being one of his three daughters . eos
married Catherine Kingscote ( died 1815 from tuberculosis ) in march 1788 having met her when balloons were hot science , and Edward_Jenner and other Fellows were experimenting with them . Edward_Jenner trial balloon descended into Kingscote Park , owned by Anthony Kingscote , Catherine being one of his three daughters . In 1792 , Edward_Jenner obtained Edward_Jenner MD from the University of St Andrews . eos
and other Fellows were experimenting with them . Edward_Jenner trial balloon descended into Kingscote Park , owned by Anthony Kingscote , Catherine being one of his three daughters . In 1792 , Edward_Jenner obtained Edward_Jenner MD from the University of St Andrews . eos
trial balloon descended into Kingscote Park , owned by Anthony Kingscote , Catherine being one of his three daughters . In 1792 , Edward_Jenner obtained Edward_Jenner MD from the University of St Andrews . eos
obtained Edward_Jenner MD from the University of St Andrews . eos
MD from the University of St Andrews . eos
( born 30 june , 1946 ) , a professor of English and American Literature and Language , is the Walter M Cabot Professor of Aesthetics and the General Theory of Value at Harvard University . Elaine_Scarry interests include Theory of Representation , the Language of Physical Pain and Structure of Verbal and Material Making in Art , Science and the Law . Elaine_Scarry is the author of The Body in Pain which is known as a definitive study of pain and inflicting pain . eos
interests include Theory of Representation , the Language of Physical Pain and Structure of Verbal and Material Making in Art , Science and the Law . Elaine_Scarry is the author of The Body in Pain which is known as a definitive study of pain and inflicting pain . Elaine_Scarry argues that physical pain leads to destruction and the unmaking of the human world , whereas human creation at the opposite end of the spectrum leads to the making of the world . eos
is the author of The Body in Pain which is known as a definitive study of pain and inflicting pain . Elaine_Scarry argues that physical pain leads to destruction and the unmaking of the human world , whereas human creation at the opposite end of the spectrum leads to the making of the world . As a writer and lecturer on civic questions ranging from plane crashes to nuclear weapons to the Patriot Act , Elaine_Scarry has become an important public intellectual . eos
argues that physical pain leads to destruction and the unmaking of the human world , whereas human creation at the opposite end of the spectrum leads to the making of the world . As a writer and lecturer on civic questions ranging from plane crashes to nuclear weapons to the Patriot Act , Elaine_Scarry has become an important public intellectual . ( Elaine_Scarry discusses this public role in an interview in the book , Global Values 101 , published by Beacon Press in 2006 . ) eos
has become an important public intellectual . ( Elaine_Scarry discusses this public role in an interview in the book , Global Values 101 , published by Beacon Press in 2006 . ) eos
discusses this public role in an interview in the book , Global Values 101 , published by Beacon Press in 2006 . ) eos
( Elizabeth Angela Marguerite ; 4 august 1900 - 30 march 2002 ) was the Queen Consort of King George VI from 1936 until his death in 1952 . After Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon husband 's death , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was known as Queen Elizabeth , The Queen Mother , to avoid confusion with Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon eldest daughter , Queen Elizabeth II . Before Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon husband ascended the throne , from 1923 to 1936 , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was known as the Duchess of York . eos
husband 's death , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was known as Queen Elizabeth , The Queen Mother , to avoid confusion with Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon eldest daughter , Queen Elizabeth II . Before Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon husband ascended the throne , from 1923 to 1936 , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was known as the Duchess of York . Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was the last Queen of Ireland and Empress of India . eos
was known as Queen Elizabeth , The Queen Mother , to avoid confusion with Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon eldest daughter , Queen Elizabeth II . Before Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon husband ascended the throne , from 1923 to 1936 , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was known as the Duchess of York . Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was the last Queen of Ireland and Empress of India . eos
eldest daughter , Queen Elizabeth II . Before Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon husband ascended the throne , from 1923 to 1936 , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was known as the Duchess of York . Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was the last Queen of Ireland and Empress of India . eos
husband ascended the throne , from 1923 to 1936 , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was known as the Duchess of York . Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was the last Queen of Ireland and Empress of India . As Queen Consort , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was famous for Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon role in providing moral support to the British public during World War II , so much so that Adolf Hitler described Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon as ` ` the most dangerous woman in Europe . '' eos
was known as the Duchess of York . Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was the last Queen of Ireland and Empress of India . As Queen Consort , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was famous for Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon role in providing moral support to the British public during World War II , so much so that Adolf Hitler described Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon as ` ` the most dangerous woman in Europe . '' eos
was the last Queen of Ireland and Empress of India . As Queen Consort , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was famous for Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon role in providing moral support to the British public during World War II , so much so that Adolf Hitler described Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon as ` ` the most dangerous woman in Europe . '' In Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon later years , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was a consistently popular member of the British Royal Family , when other members of the family were suffering from low levels of public approval . eos
as ` ` the most dangerous woman in Europe . '' In Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon later years , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was a consistently popular member of the British Royal Family , when other members of the family were suffering from low levels of public approval . eos
was famous for Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon role in providing moral support to the British public during World War II , so much so that Adolf Hitler described Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon as ` ` the most dangerous woman in Europe . '' In Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon later years , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was a consistently popular member of the British Royal Family , when other members of the family were suffering from low levels of public approval . eos
role in providing moral support to the British public during World War II , so much so that Adolf Hitler described Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon as ` ` the most dangerous woman in Europe . '' In Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon later years , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was a consistently popular member of the British Royal Family , when other members of the family were suffering from low levels of public approval . eos
later years , Elizabeth_Bowes-Lyon was a consistently popular member of the British Royal Family , when other members of the family were suffering from low levels of public approval . eos
was a consistently popular member of the British Royal Family , when other members of the family were suffering from low levels of public approval . eos
( july 14 , 1858 - june 14 , 1928 ) was one of the founders of the British suffragette movement . It is the name of ` ` Mrs Pankhurst '' , more than any other , which is associated with the struggle for the enfranchisement of women in the period immediately preceding World War I eos
was born Emmeline Goulden in Manchester , England to abolitionist Robert Goulden and feminist Sophia Crane , and Emmeline_Pankhurst married Richard Marsden Pankhurst , a barrister , in Salford in 1879 . Dr Pankhurst was already a supporter of the women 's suffrage movement , and had been the author of the Married Women 's Property Acts of 1870 and 1882 . In 1889 , Emmeline_Pankhurst founded the Women 's Franchise League , but Emmeline_Pankhurst campaign was interrupted by Emmeline_Pankhurst husband 's death in 1898 . eos
married Richard Marsden Pankhurst , a barrister , in Salford in 1879 . Dr Pankhurst was already a supporter of the women 's suffrage movement , and had been the author of the Married Women 's Property Acts of 1870 and 1882 . In 1889 , Emmeline_Pankhurst founded the Women 's Franchise League , but Emmeline_Pankhurst campaign was interrupted by Emmeline_Pankhurst husband 's death in 1898 . eos
founded the Women 's Franchise League , but Emmeline_Pankhurst campaign was interrupted by Emmeline_Pankhurst husband 's death in 1898 . In 1903 Emmeline_Pankhurst founded the better - known Women 's Social and Political Union , an organization most famous for its militancy which began in 1905 . Its members included Annie Kenney , Emily Wilding Davison who was killed by the King 's horse in the 1913 Epsom Derby as the result of a suffragette protest , and the composer Dame Ethel Mary Smyth . eos
campaign was interrupted by Emmeline_Pankhurst husband 's death in 1898 . In 1903 Emmeline_Pankhurst founded the better - known Women 's Social and Political Union , an organization most famous for its militancy which began in 1905 . Its members included Annie Kenney , Emily Wilding Davison who was killed by the King 's horse in the 1913 Epsom Derby as the result of a suffragette protest , and the composer Dame Ethel Mary Smyth . eos
husband 's death in 1898 . In 1903 Emmeline_Pankhurst founded the better - known Women 's Social and Political Union , an organization most famous for its militancy which began in 1905 . Its members included Annie Kenney , Emily Wilding Davison who was killed by the King 's horse in the 1913 Epsom Derby as the result of a suffragette protest , and the composer Dame Ethel Mary Smyth . eos
founded the better - known Women 's Social and Political Union , an organization most famous for its militancy which began in 1905 . Its members included Annie Kenney , Emily Wilding Davison who was killed by the King 's horse in the 1913 Epsom Derby as the result of a suffragette protest , and the composer Dame Ethel Mary Smyth . Emmeline_Pankhurst was joined in the movement by Emmeline_Pankhurst daughters , Christabel Pankhurst and Sylvia Pankhurst , both of whom would make a substantial contribution to the campaign in different ways . eos
was joined in the movement by Emmeline_Pankhurst daughters , Christabel Pankhurst and Sylvia Pankhurst , both of whom would make a substantial contribution to the campaign in different ways . Emmeline_Pankhurst other daughter , Adela Pankhurst emigrated to Australia where she was politically active in first the Communist Party of Australia and then the fascist Australia First Movement . eos
daughters , Christabel Pankhurst and Sylvia Pankhurst , both of whom would make a substantial contribution to the campaign in different ways . Emmeline_Pankhurst other daughter , Adela Pankhurst emigrated to Australia where she was politically active in first the Communist Party of Australia and then the fascist Australia First Movement . eos
other daughter , Adela Pankhurst emigrated to Australia where she was politically active in first the Communist Party of Australia and then the fascist Australia First Movement . Emmeline_Pankhurst tactics for drawing attention to the movement led to Emmeline_Pankhurst being imprisoned several times but , because of Emmeline_Pankhurst high profile , Emmeline_Pankhurst did not at first endure the same privations as many of the imprisoned working - class suffragettes . eos
tactics for drawing attention to the movement led to Emmeline_Pankhurst being imprisoned several times but , because of Emmeline_Pankhurst high profile , Emmeline_Pankhurst did not at first endure the same privations as many of the imprisoned working - class suffragettes . However , Emmeline_Pankhurst did experience force - feeding after going on hunger strike on various occasions . Emmeline_Pankhurst approach to the campaign did not endear Emmeline_Pankhurst to everyone , and there were splits within the movement as a result . eos
being imprisoned several times but , because of Emmeline_Pankhurst high profile , Emmeline_Pankhurst did not at first endure the same privations as many of the imprisoned working - class suffragettes . However , Emmeline_Pankhurst did experience force - feeding after going on hunger strike on various occasions . Emmeline_Pankhurst approach to the campaign did not endear Emmeline_Pankhurst to everyone , and there were splits within the movement as a result . eos
high profile , Emmeline_Pankhurst did not at first endure the same privations as many of the imprisoned working - class suffragettes . However , Emmeline_Pankhurst did experience force - feeding after going on hunger strike on various occasions . Emmeline_Pankhurst approach to the campaign did not endear Emmeline_Pankhurst to everyone , and there were splits within the movement as a result . eos
did not at first endure the same privations as many of the imprisoned working - class suffragettes . However , Emmeline_Pankhurst did experience force - feeding after going on hunger strike on various occasions . Emmeline_Pankhurst approach to the campaign did not endear Emmeline_Pankhurst to everyone , and there were splits within the movement as a result . eos
did experience force - feeding after going on hunger strike on various occasions . Emmeline_Pankhurst approach to the campaign did not endear Emmeline_Pankhurst to everyone , and there were splits within the movement as a result . Emmeline_Pankhurst autobiography , My Own Story , was published in 1914 . eos
approach to the campaign did not endear Emmeline_Pankhurst to everyone , and there were splits within the movement as a result . Emmeline_Pankhurst autobiography , My Own Story , was published in 1914 . In 1914 , the First World War broke out , and Emmeline_Pankhurst felt that nothing should interfere with Emmeline_Pankhurst country 's efforts to win . eos
to everyone , and there were splits within the movement as a result . Emmeline_Pankhurst autobiography , My Own Story , was published in 1914 . In 1914 , the First World War broke out , and Emmeline_Pankhurst felt that nothing should interfere with Emmeline_Pankhurst country 's efforts to win . eos
autobiography , My Own Story , was published in 1914 . In 1914 , the First World War broke out , and Emmeline_Pankhurst felt that nothing should interfere with Emmeline_Pankhurst country 's efforts to win . All attempts to gain votes for women were put on hold , and Emmeline_Pankhurst efforts were instead directed to urging women to take over men 's jobs , so that the men could go and fight in the war . eos
felt that nothing should interfere with Emmeline_Pankhurst country 's efforts to win . All attempts to gain votes for women were put on hold , and Emmeline_Pankhurst efforts were instead directed to urging women to take over men 's jobs , so that the men could go and fight in the war . With back up from David Lloyd George , Emmeline_Pankhurst organised a parade of 30,000 women , using £ 2,000 funding from the government , to encourage employers to let women take over men 's jobs in industry . eos
country 's efforts to win . All attempts to gain votes for women were put on hold , and Emmeline_Pankhurst efforts were instead directed to urging women to take over men 's jobs , so that the men could go and fight in the war . With back up from David Lloyd George , Emmeline_Pankhurst organised a parade of 30,000 women , using £ 2,000 funding from the government , to encourage employers to let women take over men 's jobs in industry . eos
efforts were instead directed to urging women to take over men 's jobs , so that the men could go and fight in the war . With back up from David Lloyd George , Emmeline_Pankhurst organised a parade of 30,000 women , using £ 2,000 funding from the government , to encourage employers to let women take over men 's jobs in industry . In 1916 , this allowed the government to draft all able - bodied men into the armed services . eos
organised a parade of 30,000 women , using £ 2,000 funding from the government , to encourage employers to let women take over men 's jobs in industry . In 1916 , this allowed the government to draft all able - bodied men into the armed services . It is frequently alleged that suffragettes had earlier been involved in the ` ` White Feather Campaign '' which involved shaming of men in the UK to fight in the First World War in which 702,000 men from the UK died and many more were injured ; however , there is no concrete evidence of this . eos
lived in an apartment that was located at 159 Knightsbridge , London . The address still exists , but is now operating as Hotel . ` ` Characteristically , Mrs. Pankhurst threw all her energies and all her influence into the effort , which now , designated itself pro - war and pro - conscription . eos
and sister rallied their followers in an effort to reroute the militant momentum which they had so successfully orchestrated in the struggle for suffrage : On september 8 , 1914 , Christabel re - appeared at the London Opera House , after her long exile , to utter a declaration , not on women 's enfranchisement , but on ` ` The German Peril '' . Emmeline_Pankhurst toured the country , making recruiting speeches . Emmeline_Pankhurst supporters handed the white feather to every young man they encountered wearing civilian dress , and bobbed up at Hyde Park meetings with placards : ` ` Intern Them All '' . Britain started to implement voting rights for women , in the same year as Ireland , in march 1918 . eos
toured the country , making recruiting speeches . Emmeline_Pankhurst supporters handed the white feather to every young man they encountered wearing civilian dress , and bobbed up at Hyde Park meetings with placards : ` ` Intern Them All '' . Britain started to implement voting rights for women , in the same year as Ireland , in march 1918 . eos
supporters handed the white feather to every young man they encountered wearing civilian dress , and bobbed up at Hyde Park meetings with placards : ` ` Intern Them All '' . Britain started to implement voting rights for women , in the same year as Ireland , in march 1918 . While the Representation of the People Act 1918 only gave voting rights to women over 30 , and that with a property qualification , while all men over 21 were enfranchised , the Suffragettes nevertheless saw it as a great victory . eos
died at the age of 69 , ten years after seeing Emmeline_Pankhurst most ardently pursued goal come to fruition . eos
most ardently pursued goal come to fruition . eos
, MBE , PC , ( june 16 , 1912 - february 8 , 1998 ) was a right - wing British politician and Conservative Party Member of Parliament ( MP ) between 1950 and february 1974 , and an Ulster Unionist MP between october 1974 and 1987 . Controversial throughout Enoch_Powell career , Enoch_Powell tenure in senior office was brief . Enoch_Powell held controversial views on issues such as race , national identity , immigration , and the United Kingdom 's entry into the European Union . eos
career , Enoch_Powell tenure in senior office was brief . Enoch_Powell held controversial views on issues such as race , national identity , immigration , and the United Kingdom 's entry into the European Union . eos
tenure in senior office was brief . Enoch_Powell held controversial views on issues such as race , national identity , immigration , and the United Kingdom 's entry into the European Union . eos
held controversial views on issues such as race , national identity , immigration , and the United Kingdom 's entry into the European Union . eos
( september 29 , 1901 - november 28 , 1954 ) was an Italian physicist most noted for Enrico_Fermi work on the development of the first nuclear reactor , and for the development of quantum theory . Enrico_Fermi won the 1938 Nobel Prize in Physics for Enrico_Fermi work on induced radioactivity . eos
work on the development of the first nuclear reactor , and for the development of quantum theory . Enrico_Fermi won the 1938 Nobel Prize in Physics for Enrico_Fermi work on induced radioactivity . eos
won the 1938 Nobel Prize in Physics for Enrico_Fermi work on induced radioactivity . eos
work on induced radioactivity . eos
CH ( born june 9 , 1917 ) is a British Marxist historian and author . Eric_Hobsbawm was a long - standing member of the now defunct Communist Party of Great Britain and the associated Communist Party Historians Group . Eric_Hobsbawm is president of Birkbeck College , University of London . eos
was a long - standing member of the now defunct Communist Party of Great Britain and the associated Communist Party Historians Group . Eric_Hobsbawm is president of Birkbeck College , University of London . Eric_Hobsbawm is famous for Eric_Hobsbawm book The Age of Extremes : The Short Twentieth Century , 1914 - 1991 , published in 1994 . eos
is president of Birkbeck College , University of London . Eric_Hobsbawm is famous for Eric_Hobsbawm book The Age of Extremes : The Short Twentieth Century , 1914 - 1991 , published in 1994 . One of Eric_Hobsbawm interests is the development of traditions . eos
is famous for Eric_Hobsbawm book The Age of Extremes : The Short Twentieth Century , 1914 - 1991 , published in 1994 . One of Eric_Hobsbawm interests is the development of traditions . Eric_Hobsbawm work is a study of their construction in the context of the nation state . eos
book The Age of Extremes : The Short Twentieth Century , 1914 - 1991 , published in 1994 . One of Eric_Hobsbawm interests is the development of traditions . Eric_Hobsbawm work is a study of their construction in the context of the nation state . eos
interests is the development of traditions . Eric_Hobsbawm work is a study of their construction in the context of the nation state . Eric_Hobsbawm argues that many traditions are invented by national elites to justify the existence and importance of their respective nation states . eos
work is a study of their construction in the context of the nation state . Eric_Hobsbawm argues that many traditions are invented by national elites to justify the existence and importance of their respective nation states . eos
argues that many traditions are invented by national elites to justify the existence and importance of their respective nation states . eos
OBE ( May 14 , 1926 - May 28 , 1984 ) , better known by Eric_Morecambe stage name , Eric Morecambe was a British comedian Eric_Morecambe together with Ernie Wise , formed the double act Morecambe and Wise . In the United Kingdom Eric_Morecambe is widely considered a comic genius . Eric_Morecambe took Eric_Morecambe stage name from the seaside resort of Morecambe in Lancashire , England - Eric_Morecambe home town . eos
stage name , Eric Morecambe was a British comedian Eric_Morecambe together with Ernie Wise , formed the double act Morecambe and Wise . In the United Kingdom Eric_Morecambe is widely considered a comic genius . Eric_Morecambe took Eric_Morecambe stage name from the seaside resort of Morecambe in Lancashire , England - Eric_Morecambe home town . eos
together with Ernie Wise , formed the double act Morecambe and Wise . In the United Kingdom Eric_Morecambe is widely considered a comic genius . Eric_Morecambe took Eric_Morecambe stage name from the seaside resort of Morecambe in Lancashire , England - Eric_Morecambe home town . eos
is widely considered a comic genius . Eric_Morecambe took Eric_Morecambe stage name from the seaside resort of Morecambe in Lancashire , England - Eric_Morecambe home town . Of all the comedy acts produced by the United Kingdom , Morecambe and Wise are arguably the best loved and most fondly remembered . eos
took Eric_Morecambe stage name from the seaside resort of Morecambe in Lancashire , England - Eric_Morecambe home town . Of all the comedy acts produced by the United Kingdom , Morecambe and Wise are arguably the best loved and most fondly remembered . They were perhaps the first truly great double act in the United Kingdom . eos
stage name from the seaside resort of Morecambe in Lancashire , England - Eric_Morecambe home town . Of all the comedy acts produced by the United Kingdom , Morecambe and Wise are arguably the best loved and most fondly remembered . They were perhaps the first truly great double act in the United Kingdom . eos
home town . Of all the comedy acts produced by the United Kingdom , Morecambe and Wise are arguably the best loved and most fondly remembered . They were perhaps the first truly great double act in the United Kingdom . eos
and Ernie had for one other . Their enjoyment of their work was picked up by the audience who regarded them as friends as well as entertainers . Eric_Morecambe and Wise were well - regarded and their reputation enabled them to garner a number of prestigious guests including Angela Rippon , Princess Anne , Cliff Richard , Glenda Jackson , Tom Jones , Elton John and even former Prime Minister Harold Wilson . eos
and Wise were well - regarded and their reputation enabled them to garner a number of prestigious guests including Angela Rippon , Princess Anne , Cliff Richard , Glenda Jackson , Tom Jones , Elton John and even former Prime Minister Harold Wilson . Des O'Connor was frequently the butt of their humour , such as his allegedly awful singing . O'Connor once asked Eric_Morecambe if he could sing on their show . eos
if he could sing on their show . Eric_Morecambe replied ` ` Sing on our show ? You ca n't even sing on your own show ! '' eos
replied ` ` Sing on our show ? You ca n't even sing on your own show ! '' . eos
had Eric_Morecambe first heart attack in 1968 , Eric_Morecambe learned that O'Connor had told his audience to send their best wishes to Eric_Morecambe , Eric_Morecambe replied ` ` Tell him that those 12 people made all the difference '' . In reality , O'Connor was very close friends of both Eric_Morecambe and Wise and in later years would meet them to devise jokes about himself ! eos
first heart attack in 1968 , Eric_Morecambe learned that O'Connor had told his audience to send their best wishes to Eric_Morecambe , Eric_Morecambe replied ` ` Tell him that those 12 people made all the difference '' . In reality , O'Connor was very close friends of both Eric_Morecambe and Wise and in later years would meet them to devise jokes about himself ! eos
learned that O'Connor had told his audience to send their best wishes to Eric_Morecambe , Eric_Morecambe replied ` ` Tell him that those 12 people made all the difference '' . In reality , O'Connor was very close friends of both Eric_Morecambe and Wise and in later years would meet them to devise jokes about himself ! eos
, Eric_Morecambe replied ` ` Tell him that those 12 people made all the difference '' . In reality , O'Connor was very close friends of both Eric_Morecambe and Wise and in later years would meet them to devise jokes about himself ! eos
replied ` ` Tell him that those 12 people made all the difference '' . In reality , O'Connor was very close friends of both Eric_Morecambe and Wise and in later years would meet them to devise jokes about himself ! eos
and Wise and in later years would meet them to devise jokes about himself ! eos
, 1st Baron Rutherford of Nelson , OM , PC , FRS ( 30 august 1871 - 19 october 1937 ) , was a nuclear physicist from New Zealand . Ernest_Rutherford was known as the ` ` father '' of nuclear physics , Ernest_Rutherford pioneered the orbital theory of the atom , in Ernest_Rutherford discovery of Ernest_Rutherford scattering off the nucleus with the gold foil experiment . eos
was known as the ` ` father '' of nuclear physics , Ernest_Rutherford pioneered the orbital theory of the atom , in Ernest_Rutherford discovery of Ernest_Rutherford scattering off the nucleus with the gold foil experiment . eos
pioneered the orbital theory of the atom , in Ernest_Rutherford discovery of Ernest_Rutherford scattering off the nucleus with the gold foil experiment . eos
discovery of Ernest_Rutherford scattering off the nucleus with the gold foil experiment . eos
scattering off the nucleus with the gold foil experiment . eos
( also referred to as Euclid of Alexandria ) ( Greek : Εὐκλείδης ) ( c. 325 eos
lived in Alexandria , Hellenistic Egypt , almost certainly during the reign of Ptolemy I ( 323 BC-283 BC ) , is often considered to be the ` ` father of geometry '' . Euclid most popular work , Elements , is thought to be one of the most successful textbooks in the history of mathematics . Within it , the properties of geometrical objects are deduced from a small set of axioms , thereby founding the axiomatic method of mathematics . eos
most popular work , Elements , is thought to be one of the most successful textbooks in the history of mathematics . Within it , the properties of geometrical objects are deduced from a small set of axioms , thereby founding the axiomatic method of mathematics . Although best - known for its geometric results , the Elements also includes various results in number theory , such as the connection between perfect numbers and Mersenne primes , the proof of the infinitude of prime numbers , Euclid lemma on factorization ( which lead to the fundamental theorem of arithmetic , on uniqueness of prime factorizations ) , and the Euclidean algorithm for finding the greatest common divisor of two numbers . eos
lemma on factorization ( which lead to the fundamental theorem of arithmetic , on uniqueness of prime factorizations ) , and the Euclidean algorithm for finding the greatest common divisor of two numbers . Euclid also wrote works on perspective , conic sections , spherical geometry , and possibly quadric surfaces . Neither the year nor place of Euclid birth have been established , nor the circumstances of Euclid death . eos
also wrote works on perspective , conic sections , spherical geometry , and possibly quadric surfaces . Neither the year nor place of Euclid birth have been established , nor the circumstances of Euclid death . eos
birth have been established , nor the circumstances of Euclid death . eos
death . eos
( born january 20 1964 , Mumbai , India ) is a writer and journalist specializing in international relations . Fareed_Zakaria writes a regular column for Newsweek , which also appears in Newsweek International and often in The Washington Post . Fareed_Zakaria was named editor of Newsweek International in october 2000 ; the magazine reaches an audience of 3.5 million worldwide . eos
writes a regular column for Newsweek , which also appears in Newsweek International and often in The Washington Post . Fareed_Zakaria was named editor of Newsweek International in october 2000 ; the magazine reaches an audience of 3.5 million worldwide . Fareed_Zakaria hosts the weekly Foreign Exchange news show for PBS . eos
was named editor of Newsweek International in october 2000 ; the magazine reaches an audience of 3.5 million worldwide . Fareed_Zakaria hosts the weekly Foreign Exchange news show for PBS . Fareed_Zakaria is also a regular member of the roundtable of ABC News ' This Week with George Stephanopoulos and an analyst for ABC News , and Fareed_Zakaria is a frequent and popular guest on The Daily Show . eos
hosts the weekly Foreign Exchange news show for PBS . Fareed_Zakaria is also a regular member of the roundtable of ABC News ' This Week with George Stephanopoulos and an analyst for ABC News , and Fareed_Zakaria is a frequent and popular guest on The Daily Show . eos
is also a regular member of the roundtable of ABC News ' This Week with George Stephanopoulos and an analyst for ABC News , and Fareed_Zakaria is a frequent and popular guest on The Daily Show . eos
is a frequent and popular guest on The Daily Show . eos
OC , BA , D Litt ( born May 12 , 1921 in Belleville , Ontario ) is a conservationist and one of Canada 's most widely - read authors . Many of Farley_Mowat most popular works have been memoirs of Farley_Mowat childhood , Farley_Mowat war service , and Farley_Mowat work as a naturalist . Farley_Mowat works have been translated into 52 languages and Farley_Mowat has sold more than 14 million copies of Farley_Mowat books . eos
most popular works have been memoirs of Farley_Mowat childhood , Farley_Mowat war service , and Farley_Mowat work as a naturalist . Farley_Mowat works have been translated into 52 languages and Farley_Mowat has sold more than 14 million copies of Farley_Mowat books . Adding to that , a movie about Farley_Mowat experiences with wolves , titled Never Cry Wolf , was released to widespread popularity in 1983 . eos
childhood , Farley_Mowat war service , and Farley_Mowat work as a naturalist . Farley_Mowat works have been translated into 52 languages and Farley_Mowat has sold more than 14 million copies of Farley_Mowat books . Adding to that , a movie about Farley_Mowat experiences with wolves , titled Never Cry Wolf , was released to widespread popularity in 1983 . eos
war service , and Farley_Mowat work as a naturalist . Farley_Mowat works have been translated into 52 languages and Farley_Mowat has sold more than 14 million copies of Farley_Mowat books . Adding to that , a movie about Farley_Mowat experiences with wolves , titled Never Cry Wolf , was released to widespread popularity in 1983 . eos
work as a naturalist . Farley_Mowat works have been translated into 52 languages and Farley_Mowat has sold more than 14 million copies of Farley_Mowat books . Adding to that , a movie about Farley_Mowat experiences with wolves , titled Never Cry Wolf , was released to widespread popularity in 1983 . eos
works have been translated into 52 languages and Farley_Mowat has sold more than 14 million copies of Farley_Mowat books . Adding to that , a movie about Farley_Mowat experiences with wolves , titled Never Cry Wolf , was released to widespread popularity in 1983 . The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society ship Farley Mowat was named in honor of Farley_Mowat , and Farley_Mowat frequently visits it in order to assist it on its mission . eos
has sold more than 14 million copies of Farley_Mowat books . Adding to that , a movie about Farley_Mowat experiences with wolves , titled Never Cry Wolf , was released to widespread popularity in 1983 . The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society ship Farley Mowat was named in honor of Farley_Mowat , and Farley_Mowat frequently visits it in order to assist it on its mission . eos
books . Adding to that , a movie about Farley_Mowat experiences with wolves , titled Never Cry Wolf , was released to widespread popularity in 1983 . The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society ship Farley Mowat was named in honor of Farley_Mowat , and Farley_Mowat frequently visits it in order to assist it on its mission . eos
experiences with wolves , titled Never Cry Wolf , was released to widespread popularity in 1983 . The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society ship Farley Mowat was named in honor of Farley_Mowat , and Farley_Mowat frequently visits it in order to assist it on its mission . eos
, and Farley_Mowat frequently visits it in order to assist it on its mission . eos
frequently visits it in order to assist it on its mission . eos
( Portuguese : Fernão de Magalhães , IPA pronunciation : / "" IPA : fɨɾ ` nɐ̃ũ dɨ mɐɣɐ ` ʎɐ̃ĩʃ "" / ; eos
, at the service of Spain , led the first successful attempt to sail around the entire Earth . Ferdinand_Magellan did not complete Ferdinand_Magellan final , westward voyage ; Ferdinand_Magellan was killed during the Battle of Mactan in the Philippines . Ferdinand_Magellan did , however , die farther west than the Spice Islands of Indonesia , which Ferdinand_Magellan had visited from the west on earlier voyages , making Ferdinand_Magellan one of the first individuals to cross all the meridians of the globe . eos
did not complete Ferdinand_Magellan final , westward voyage ; Ferdinand_Magellan was killed during the Battle of Mactan in the Philippines . Ferdinand_Magellan did , however , die farther west than the Spice Islands of Indonesia , which Ferdinand_Magellan had visited from the west on earlier voyages , making Ferdinand_Magellan one of the first individuals to cross all the meridians of the globe . Ferdinand_Magellan became the first person to lead an expedition sailing westward from Europe to Asia and to cross the Pacific Ocean . eos
final , westward voyage ; Ferdinand_Magellan was killed during the Battle of Mactan in the Philippines . Ferdinand_Magellan did , however , die farther west than the Spice Islands of Indonesia , which Ferdinand_Magellan had visited from the west on earlier voyages , making Ferdinand_Magellan one of the first individuals to cross all the meridians of the globe . Ferdinand_Magellan became the first person to lead an expedition sailing westward from Europe to Asia and to cross the Pacific Ocean . eos
was killed during the Battle of Mactan in the Philippines . Ferdinand_Magellan did , however , die farther west than the Spice Islands of Indonesia , which Ferdinand_Magellan had visited from the west on earlier voyages , making Ferdinand_Magellan one of the first individuals to cross all the meridians of the globe . Ferdinand_Magellan became the first person to lead an expedition sailing westward from Europe to Asia and to cross the Pacific Ocean . eos
did , however , die farther west than the Spice Islands of Indonesia , which Ferdinand_Magellan had visited from the west on earlier voyages , making Ferdinand_Magellan one of the first individuals to cross all the meridians of the globe . Ferdinand_Magellan became the first person to lead an expedition sailing westward from Europe to Asia and to cross the Pacific Ocean . Of the 237 managed to return to Spain and thereby complete the circumnavigation . eos
had visited from the west on earlier voyages , making Ferdinand_Magellan one of the first individuals to cross all the meridians of the globe . Ferdinand_Magellan became the first person to lead an expedition sailing westward from Europe to Asia and to cross the Pacific Ocean . Of the 237 managed to return to Spain and thereby complete the circumnavigation . eos
one of the first individuals to cross all the meridians of the globe . Ferdinand_Magellan became the first person to lead an expedition sailing westward from Europe to Asia and to cross the Pacific Ocean . Of the 237 managed to return to Spain and thereby complete the circumnavigation . eos
became the first person to lead an expedition sailing westward from Europe to Asia and to cross the Pacific Ocean . Of the 237 managed to return to Spain and thereby complete the circumnavigation . They were led by Spaniard Juan Sebastián Elcano , who took over command of the expedition after Ferdinand_Magellan death . eos
death . eos
( born june 18 , 1931 ) was the President of the Federative Republic of Brazil for two terms from january 1 , 1995 to january 1 , 2003 . Fernando_Henrique_Cardoso is an eminent sociologist Fernando_Henrique_Cardoso speaks several languages fluently and Fernando_Henrique_Cardoso has lectured at leading universities in France , Britain and the United States . eos
is an eminent sociologist Fernando_Henrique_Cardoso speaks several languages fluently and Fernando_Henrique_Cardoso has lectured at leading universities in France , Britain and the United States . As an author , Fernando_Henrique_Cardoso books have also been translated widely . eos
speaks several languages fluently and Fernando_Henrique_Cardoso has lectured at leading universities in France , Britain and the United States . As an author , Fernando_Henrique_Cardoso books have also been translated widely . eos
has lectured at leading universities in France , Britain and the United States . As an author , Fernando_Henrique_Cardoso books have also been translated widely . eos
books have also been translated widely . eos
, 1st Viscount St Alban , KC ( 22 january 1561 - 9 april 1626 ) was an English philosopher , statesman and essayist but Francis_Bacon is best known for leading the scientific revolution with Francis_Bacon new ` observation and experimentation ' theory which is the way science has been conducted ever since . Francis_Bacon was knighted in 1603 , created Baron Verulam in 1618 , and created Viscount St Alban in 1621 ; both peerage titles became extinct upon Francis_Bacon death . Francis_Bacon began Francis_Bacon professional life as a lawyer , but Francis_Bacon has become best known as a philosophical advocate and defender of the scientific revolution . eos
is best known for leading the scientific revolution with Francis_Bacon new ` observation and experimentation ' theory which is the way science has been conducted ever since . Francis_Bacon was knighted in 1603 , created Baron Verulam in 1618 , and created Viscount St Alban in 1621 ; both peerage titles became extinct upon Francis_Bacon death . Francis_Bacon began Francis_Bacon professional life as a lawyer , but Francis_Bacon has become best known as a philosophical advocate and defender of the scientific revolution . eos
new ` observation and experimentation ' theory which is the way science has been conducted ever since . Francis_Bacon was knighted in 1603 , created Baron Verulam in 1618 , and created Viscount St Alban in 1621 ; both peerage titles became extinct upon Francis_Bacon death . Francis_Bacon began Francis_Bacon professional life as a lawyer , but Francis_Bacon has become best known as a philosophical advocate and defender of the scientific revolution . eos
was knighted in 1603 , created Baron Verulam in 1618 , and created Viscount St Alban in 1621 ; both peerage titles became extinct upon Francis_Bacon death . Francis_Bacon began Francis_Bacon professional life as a lawyer , but Francis_Bacon has become best known as a philosophical advocate and defender of the scientific revolution . Francis_Bacon works establish and popularize an inductive methodology for scientific inquiry , often called the Baconian method . eos
death . Francis_Bacon began Francis_Bacon professional life as a lawyer , but Francis_Bacon has become best known as a philosophical advocate and defender of the scientific revolution . Francis_Bacon works establish and popularize an inductive methodology for scientific inquiry , often called the Baconian method . eos
began Francis_Bacon professional life as a lawyer , but Francis_Bacon has become best known as a philosophical advocate and defender of the scientific revolution . Francis_Bacon works establish and popularize an inductive methodology for scientific inquiry , often called the Baconian method . Induction implies drawing knowledge from the natural world through experimentation , observation , and testing of hypotheses . eos
professional life as a lawyer , but Francis_Bacon has become best known as a philosophical advocate and defender of the scientific revolution . Francis_Bacon works establish and popularize an inductive methodology for scientific inquiry , often called the Baconian method . Induction implies drawing knowledge from the natural world through experimentation , observation , and testing of hypotheses . eos
has become best known as a philosophical advocate and defender of the scientific revolution . Francis_Bacon works establish and popularize an inductive methodology for scientific inquiry , often called the Baconian method . Induction implies drawing knowledge from the natural world through experimentation , observation , and testing of hypotheses . eos
works establish and popularize an inductive methodology for scientific inquiry , often called the Baconian method . Induction implies drawing knowledge from the natural world through experimentation , observation , and testing of hypotheses . In the context of Francis_Bacon time , such methods were connected with the occult trends of hermeticism and alchemy . eos
time , such methods were connected with the occult trends of hermeticism and alchemy . eos
, Vice Admiral , ( c. 1540 - january 28 1596 ) was an English privateer , navigator , naval pioneer and raider , politician and civil engineer of the Elizabethan era , considered by many a pirate . Francis_Drake was second - in - command of the English fleet against the Spanish Armada in 1588 . Francis_Drake died of dysentery while unsuccessfully attacking San Juan , Puerto Rico in 1596 . eos
was second - in - command of the English fleet against the Spanish Armada in 1588 . Francis_Drake died of dysentery while unsuccessfully attacking San Juan , Puerto Rico in 1596 . eos
died of dysentery while unsuccessfully attacking San Juan , Puerto Rico in 1596 . eos
( c. 1475-june 26 , 1541 ) was a Spanish conquistador , conqueror of the Inca Empire and founder of the city of Lima , the modern - day capital of Peru . Francisco_Pizarro was born in Trujillo , ( Extremadura ) , Spain . eos
was born in Trujillo , ( Extremadura ) , Spain . Sources differ in the birth year they assign to Francisco_Pizarro : 1471 , 1475 - 1478 , or unknown . Francisco_Pizarro was an illegitimate son of Gonzalo Pizarro ( senior ) who as colonel of infantry afterwards served in Italy under Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba , and in Navarre , with some distinction . eos
: 1471 , 1475 - 1478 , or unknown . Francisco_Pizarro was an illegitimate son of Gonzalo Pizarro ( senior ) who as colonel of infantry afterwards served in Italy under Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba , and in Navarre , with some distinction . Francisco_Pizarro was the eldest brother of Gonzalo Pizarro ( junior ) , Juan Pizarro , and Hernando Pizarro . eos
was an illegitimate son of Gonzalo Pizarro ( senior ) who as colonel of infantry afterwards served in Italy under Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba , and in Navarre , with some distinction . Francisco_Pizarro was the eldest brother of Gonzalo Pizarro ( junior ) , Juan Pizarro , and Hernando Pizarro . Francisco_Pizarro was the second cousin of Hernán Cortés , the Conquistador of Mexico . eos
was the eldest brother of Gonzalo Pizarro ( junior ) , Juan Pizarro , and Hernando Pizarro . Francisco_Pizarro was the second cousin of Hernán Cortés , the Conquistador of Mexico . ( There was another Francisco Pizarro who travelled with Cortés on his journeys . ) eos
was the second cousin of Hernán Cortés , the Conquistador of Mexico . ( There was another Francisco Pizarro who travelled with Cortés on his journeys . ) Francisco_Pizarro parents never married each other when Francisco_Pizarro was little . eos
parents never married each other when Francisco_Pizarro was little . Francisco_Pizarro father was a royal captain of infantry and so Francisco_Pizarro never saw much of him . Francisco_Pizarro was cared for by Francisco_Pizarro mother 's family but Francisco_Pizarro appears to have been poorly cared for , and Francisco_Pizarro education was neglected , leaving Francisco_Pizarro illiterate . eos
was little . Francisco_Pizarro father was a royal captain of infantry and so Francisco_Pizarro never saw much of him . Francisco_Pizarro was cared for by Francisco_Pizarro mother 's family but Francisco_Pizarro appears to have been poorly cared for , and Francisco_Pizarro education was neglected , leaving Francisco_Pizarro illiterate . eos
never saw much of him . Francisco_Pizarro was cared for by Francisco_Pizarro mother 's family but Francisco_Pizarro appears to have been poorly cared for , and Francisco_Pizarro education was neglected , leaving Francisco_Pizarro illiterate . Francisco_Pizarro was in Seville shortly after news of the discovery of the New World reached Spain . eos
father was a royal captain of infantry and so Francisco_Pizarro never saw much of him . Francisco_Pizarro was cared for by Francisco_Pizarro mother 's family but Francisco_Pizarro appears to have been poorly cared for , and Francisco_Pizarro education was neglected , leaving Francisco_Pizarro illiterate . Francisco_Pizarro was in Seville shortly after news of the discovery of the New World reached Spain . eos
was cared for by Francisco_Pizarro mother 's family but Francisco_Pizarro appears to have been poorly cared for , and Francisco_Pizarro education was neglected , leaving Francisco_Pizarro illiterate . Francisco_Pizarro was in Seville shortly after news of the discovery of the New World reached Spain . Francisco_Pizarro sailed to the New World in 1502 , landing in the West Indies and Francisco_Pizarro lived on the island of Hispaniola , where Francisco_Pizarro took part in various Spanish missions of exploration and conquest . eos
mother 's family but Francisco_Pizarro appears to have been poorly cared for , and Francisco_Pizarro education was neglected , leaving Francisco_Pizarro illiterate . Francisco_Pizarro was in Seville shortly after news of the discovery of the New World reached Spain . Francisco_Pizarro sailed to the New World in 1502 , landing in the West Indies and Francisco_Pizarro lived on the island of Hispaniola , where Francisco_Pizarro took part in various Spanish missions of exploration and conquest . eos
appears to have been poorly cared for , and Francisco_Pizarro education was neglected , leaving Francisco_Pizarro illiterate . Francisco_Pizarro was in Seville shortly after news of the discovery of the New World reached Spain . Francisco_Pizarro sailed to the New World in 1502 , landing in the West Indies and Francisco_Pizarro lived on the island of Hispaniola , where Francisco_Pizarro took part in various Spanish missions of exploration and conquest . eos
education was neglected , leaving Francisco_Pizarro illiterate . Francisco_Pizarro was in Seville shortly after news of the discovery of the New World reached Spain . Francisco_Pizarro sailed to the New World in 1502 , landing in the West Indies and Francisco_Pizarro lived on the island of Hispaniola , where Francisco_Pizarro took part in various Spanish missions of exploration and conquest . eos
illiterate . Francisco_Pizarro was in Seville shortly after news of the discovery of the New World reached Spain . Francisco_Pizarro sailed to the New World in 1502 , landing in the West Indies and Francisco_Pizarro lived on the island of Hispaniola , where Francisco_Pizarro took part in various Spanish missions of exploration and conquest . eos
was in Seville shortly after news of the discovery of the New World reached Spain . Francisco_Pizarro sailed to the New World in 1502 , landing in the West Indies and Francisco_Pizarro lived on the island of Hispaniola , where Francisco_Pizarro took part in various Spanish missions of exploration and conquest . Francisco_Pizarro is heard of in 1510 as having taken part in an expedition from Hispaniola to Urab under Alonso de Ojeda , by whom Francisco_Pizarro was entrusted with charge of the unfortunate settlement at San Sebastián . eos
sailed to the New World in 1502 , landing in the West Indies and Francisco_Pizarro lived on the island of Hispaniola , where Francisco_Pizarro took part in various Spanish missions of exploration and conquest . Francisco_Pizarro is heard of in 1510 as having taken part in an expedition from Hispaniola to Urab under Alonso de Ojeda , by whom Francisco_Pizarro was entrusted with charge of the unfortunate settlement at San Sebastián . In 1513 , Francisco_Pizarro accompanied Vasco Núñez de Balboa ( whom Francisco_Pizarro later helped to bring to the executioner 's block ) in his crossing of the Isthmus of Panama to discover the Pacific and to establish a settlement at Darién , Panama . eos
lived on the island of Hispaniola , where Francisco_Pizarro took part in various Spanish missions of exploration and conquest . Francisco_Pizarro is heard of in 1510 as having taken part in an expedition from Hispaniola to Urab under Alonso de Ojeda , by whom Francisco_Pizarro was entrusted with charge of the unfortunate settlement at San Sebastián . In 1513 , Francisco_Pizarro accompanied Vasco Núñez de Balboa ( whom Francisco_Pizarro later helped to bring to the executioner 's block ) in his crossing of the Isthmus of Panama to discover the Pacific and to establish a settlement at Darién , Panama . eos
took part in various Spanish missions of exploration and conquest . Francisco_Pizarro is heard of in 1510 as having taken part in an expedition from Hispaniola to Urab under Alonso de Ojeda , by whom Francisco_Pizarro was entrusted with charge of the unfortunate settlement at San Sebastián . In 1513 , Francisco_Pizarro accompanied Vasco Núñez de Balboa ( whom Francisco_Pizarro later helped to bring to the executioner 's block ) in his crossing of the Isthmus of Panama to discover the Pacific and to establish a settlement at Darién , Panama . eos
is heard of in 1510 as having taken part in an expedition from Hispaniola to Urab under Alonso de Ojeda , by whom Francisco_Pizarro was entrusted with charge of the unfortunate settlement at San Sebastián . In 1513 , Francisco_Pizarro accompanied Vasco Núñez de Balboa ( whom Francisco_Pizarro later helped to bring to the executioner 's block ) in his crossing of the Isthmus of Panama to discover the Pacific and to establish a settlement at Darién , Panama . Francisco_Pizarro also received a repartimiento under Pedro Arias de Ávila ( Pedrarias ) , and Francisco_Pizarro became a cattle - farmer at Panama . eos
was entrusted with charge of the unfortunate settlement at San Sebastián . In 1513 , Francisco_Pizarro accompanied Vasco Núñez de Balboa ( whom Francisco_Pizarro later helped to bring to the executioner 's block ) in his crossing of the Isthmus of Panama to discover the Pacific and to establish a settlement at Darién , Panama . Francisco_Pizarro also received a repartimiento under Pedro Arias de Ávila ( Pedrarias ) , and Francisco_Pizarro became a cattle - farmer at Panama . eos
accompanied Vasco Núñez de Balboa ( whom Francisco_Pizarro later helped to bring to the executioner 's block ) in his crossing of the Isthmus of Panama to discover the Pacific and to establish a settlement at Darién , Panama . Francisco_Pizarro also received a repartimiento under Pedro Arias de Ávila ( Pedrarias ) , and Francisco_Pizarro became a cattle - farmer at Panama . eos
later helped to bring to the executioner 's block ) in his crossing of the Isthmus of Panama to discover the Pacific and to establish a settlement at Darién , Panama . Francisco_Pizarro also received a repartimiento under Pedro Arias de Ávila ( Pedrarias ) , and Francisco_Pizarro became a cattle - farmer at Panama . eos
also received a repartimiento under Pedro Arias de Ávila ( Pedrarias ) , and Francisco_Pizarro became a cattle - farmer at Panama . eos
became a cattle - farmer at Panama . eos
"" IPA : fʀɑ̃ˈswa mɔˈʀis mitɛˈʀɑ̃ "" ( october 26 , 1916 - january 8 , 1996 ) was a French politician . eos
was elected President of France in May 1981 , re - elected in 1988 and Francois_Mitterrand held office until 1995 . As of 2006 , Francois_Mitterrand holds the record of longest serving ( 14 years ) President of France . Francois_Mitterrand is also the oldest President of the Fifth Republic leaving office at 78 . eos
held office until 1995 . As of 2006 , Francois_Mitterrand holds the record of longest serving ( 14 years ) President of France . Francois_Mitterrand is also the oldest President of the Fifth Republic leaving office at 78 . eos
holds the record of longest serving ( 14 years ) President of France . Francois_Mitterrand is also the oldest President of the Fifth Republic leaving office at 78 . eos
is also the oldest President of the Fifth Republic leaving office at 78 . eos
, OM , KBE FRS ( 1 june 1907 - 9 august 1996 ) was a Royal Air Force officer Frank_Whittle invented the jet engine . Due to funding and manufacturing problems and a lack of foresight on the part of the British Government in keeping sensitive patents secret , Hans von Ohain of Germany was able to beat Frank_Whittle to production models but Frank_Whittle work and tireless efforts to produce Frank_Whittle designs given official lack of interest are legendary . By the end of the war , Frank_Whittle efforts and Britain 's superior high - temperature alloys resulted in engines that led the world in performance for the next decade . eos
invented the jet engine . Due to funding and manufacturing problems and a lack of foresight on the part of the British Government in keeping sensitive patents secret , Hans von Ohain of Germany was able to beat Frank_Whittle to production models but Frank_Whittle work and tireless efforts to produce Frank_Whittle designs given official lack of interest are legendary . By the end of the war , Frank_Whittle efforts and Britain 's superior high - temperature alloys resulted in engines that led the world in performance for the next decade . eos
to production models but Frank_Whittle work and tireless efforts to produce Frank_Whittle designs given official lack of interest are legendary . By the end of the war , Frank_Whittle efforts and Britain 's superior high - temperature alloys resulted in engines that led the world in performance for the next decade . Frank_Whittle and Ohain met after the war and initially Frank_Whittle was angry with him as Frank_Whittle felt Ohain had stolen Frank_Whittle ideas . eos
work and tireless efforts to produce Frank_Whittle designs given official lack of interest are legendary . By the end of the war , Frank_Whittle efforts and Britain 's superior high - temperature alloys resulted in engines that led the world in performance for the next decade . Frank_Whittle and Ohain met after the war and initially Frank_Whittle was angry with him as Frank_Whittle felt Ohain had stolen Frank_Whittle ideas . eos
designs given official lack of interest are legendary . By the end of the war , Frank_Whittle efforts and Britain 's superior high - temperature alloys resulted in engines that led the world in performance for the next decade . Frank_Whittle and Ohain met after the war and initially Frank_Whittle was angry with him as Frank_Whittle felt Ohain had stolen Frank_Whittle ideas . eos
efforts and Britain 's superior high - temperature alloys resulted in engines that led the world in performance for the next decade . Frank_Whittle and Ohain met after the war and initially Frank_Whittle was angry with him as Frank_Whittle felt Ohain had stolen Frank_Whittle ideas . Ohain eventually convinced Frank_Whittle that his work was independent and after that point the two became good friends . eos
ideas . Ohain eventually convinced Frank_Whittle that his work was independent and after that point the two became good friends . eos
and Ohain met after the war and initially Frank_Whittle was angry with him as Frank_Whittle felt Ohain had stolen Frank_Whittle ideas . Ohain eventually convinced Frank_Whittle that his work was independent and after that point the two became good friends . eos
was angry with him as Frank_Whittle felt Ohain had stolen Frank_Whittle ideas . Ohain eventually convinced Frank_Whittle that his work was independent and after that point the two became good friends . eos
felt Ohain had stolen Frank_Whittle ideas . Ohain eventually convinced Frank_Whittle that his work was independent and after that point the two became good friends . eos
that his work was independent and after that point the two became good friends . eos
( september 5 1946 - november 24 1991 ) was a rock musician , best known as the frontman and lead singer for the English rock band Queen . Freddie_Mercury is remembered for Freddie_Mercury powerful vocal abilities and charisma as a live performer . As a songwriter , Freddie_Mercury composed many international hits , including ` ` Bohemian Rhapsody '' , ` ` Somebody to Love '' , ` ` We Are the Champions '' and ` ` Crazy Little Thing Called Love . '' eos
is remembered for Freddie_Mercury powerful vocal abilities and charisma as a live performer . As a songwriter , Freddie_Mercury composed many international hits , including ` ` Bohemian Rhapsody '' , ` ` Somebody to Love '' , ` ` We Are the Champions '' and ` ` Crazy Little Thing Called Love . '' Freddie_Mercury died from complications of AD , greatly increasing public awareness of the disease . eos
powerful vocal abilities and charisma as a live performer . As a songwriter , Freddie_Mercury composed many international hits , including ` ` Bohemian Rhapsody '' , ` ` Somebody to Love '' , ` ` We Are the Champions '' and ` ` Crazy Little Thing Called Love . '' Freddie_Mercury died from complications of AD , greatly increasing public awareness of the disease . eos
composed many international hits , including ` ` Bohemian Rhapsody '' , ` ` Somebody to Love '' , ` ` We Are the Champions '' and ` ` Crazy Little Thing Called Love . '' Freddie_Mercury died from complications of AD , greatly increasing public awareness of the disease . eos
died from complications of AD , greatly increasing public awareness of the disease . eos
, KBE , MC , MD , FRSC ( november 14 , 1891 - february 21 , 1941 ) was a Canadian medical scientist , doctor and Nobel laureate noted as one of the co - discovers of insulin . Frederick_Banting was born in Alliston , Ontario , Canada . After studying medicine at the University of Toronto and graduating in 1916 , Frederick_Banting served in the Canadian Army Medical Corps during World War eos
was born in Alliston , Ontario , Canada . After studying medicine at the University of Toronto and graduating in 1916 , Frederick_Banting served in the Canadian Army Medical Corps during World War I Frederick_Banting won the Military Cross during the war . eos
served in the Canadian Army Medical Corps during World War I Frederick_Banting won the Military Cross during the war . After the war , Frederick_Banting returned to Canada and between 1919 and 1920 eos
won the Military Cross during the war . After the war , Frederick_Banting returned to Canada and between 1919 and 1920 Frederick_Banting completed Frederick_Banting training as an orthopedic surgeon at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto . eos
returned to Canada and between 1919 and 1920 Frederick_Banting completed Frederick_Banting training as an orthopedic surgeon at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto . In july 1920 Frederick_Banting began to practice medicine in London , Ontario and give lectures on endocrinology at the University of Western Ontario . eos
completed Frederick_Banting training as an orthopedic surgeon at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto . In july 1920 Frederick_Banting began to practice medicine in London , Ontario and give lectures on endocrinology at the University of Western Ontario . There , on the night of 31 october , 1920 , during Frederick_Banting routine reading of articles in a medical journal , Frederick_Banting wrote down an idea for a method to isolate the internal secretion of the pancreas , the crucial step needed for effective treatment for diabetes . eos
training as an orthopedic surgeon at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto . In july 1920 Frederick_Banting began to practice medicine in London , Ontario and give lectures on endocrinology at the University of Western Ontario . There , on the night of 31 october , 1920 , during Frederick_Banting routine reading of articles in a medical journal , Frederick_Banting wrote down an idea for a method to isolate the internal secretion of the pancreas , the crucial step needed for effective treatment for diabetes . eos
began to practice medicine in London , Ontario and give lectures on endocrinology at the University of Western Ontario . There , on the night of 31 october , 1920 , during Frederick_Banting routine reading of articles in a medical journal , Frederick_Banting wrote down an idea for a method to isolate the internal secretion of the pancreas , the crucial step needed for effective treatment for diabetes . Up to that point , all methods to obtain a useful secretion which could be safely administered to humans had proved unsuccessful . eos
wrote down an idea for a method to isolate the internal secretion of the pancreas , the crucial step needed for effective treatment for diabetes . Up to that point , all methods to obtain a useful secretion which could be safely administered to humans had proved unsuccessful . Dissatisfied with Frederick_Banting practice and fascinated by Frederick_Banting idea , Frederick_Banting left London and Frederick_Banting moved to Toronto . eos
routine reading of articles in a medical journal , Frederick_Banting wrote down an idea for a method to isolate the internal secretion of the pancreas , the crucial step needed for effective treatment for diabetes . Up to that point , all methods to obtain a useful secretion which could be safely administered to humans had proved unsuccessful . Dissatisfied with Frederick_Banting practice and fascinated by Frederick_Banting idea , Frederick_Banting left London and Frederick_Banting moved to Toronto . eos
practice and fascinated by Frederick_Banting idea , Frederick_Banting left London and Frederick_Banting moved to Toronto . There , on 17 May , 1921 Frederick_Banting began Frederick_Banting research at the University of Toronto , under the supervision of professor John Macleod . Frederick_Banting was assigned a single assistant to help Frederick_Banting , eos
idea , Frederick_Banting left London and Frederick_Banting moved to Toronto . There , on 17 May , 1921 Frederick_Banting began Frederick_Banting research at the University of Toronto , under the supervision of professor John Macleod . Frederick_Banting was assigned a single assistant to help Frederick_Banting , eos
left London and Frederick_Banting moved to Toronto . There , on 17 May , 1921 Frederick_Banting began Frederick_Banting research at the University of Toronto , under the supervision of professor John Macleod . Frederick_Banting was assigned a single assistant to help Frederick_Banting , eos
moved to Toronto . There , on 17 May , 1921 Frederick_Banting began Frederick_Banting research at the University of Toronto , under the supervision of professor John Macleod . Frederick_Banting was assigned a single assistant to help Frederick_Banting , eos
began Frederick_Banting research at the University of Toronto , under the supervision of professor John Macleod . Frederick_Banting was assigned a single assistant to help Frederick_Banting , the young graduate student Charles Best . eos
research at the University of Toronto , under the supervision of professor John Macleod . Frederick_Banting was assigned a single assistant to help Frederick_Banting , the young graduate student Charles Best . eos
was assigned a single assistant to help Frederick_Banting , the young graduate student Charles Best . During a summer of intense work , Frederick_Banting tested Frederick_Banting idea , performing operations on dogs to tie up their pancreatic ducts , which resulted in a partial atrophy of the pancreas . eos
, the young graduate student Charles Best . During a summer of intense work , Frederick_Banting tested Frederick_Banting idea , performing operations on dogs to tie up their pancreatic ducts , which resulted in a partial atrophy of the pancreas . eos
tested Frederick_Banting idea , performing operations on dogs to tie up their pancreatic ducts , which resulted in a partial atrophy of the pancreas . The pancreas would be then removed some weeks later , with the hope that it would then contain a high concentration of uncontaminated secretion of the pancreas . An extract would then be made from it and administered to dogs with diabetes , to test whether it could treat their diabetes through lowering the blood sugar level . eos
idea , performing operations on dogs to tie up their pancreatic ducts , which resulted in a partial atrophy of the pancreas . The pancreas would be then removed some weeks later , with the hope that it would then contain a high concentration of uncontaminated secretion of the pancreas . An extract would then be made from it and administered to dogs with diabetes , to test whether it could treat their diabetes through lowering the blood sugar level . eos
that Frederick_Banting method was working , and that Frederick_Banting could keep dogs with diabetes alive with Frederick_Banting extract . Frederick_Banting enthusiastically reported Frederick_Banting findings to Macleod , who had been away on his summer holidays during this time . In retrospect , some claim that Frederick_Banting experiments were crude and did not prove the validity of Frederick_Banting idea , which was not physiologically sound in any case . eos
method was working , and that Frederick_Banting could keep dogs with diabetes alive with Frederick_Banting extract . Frederick_Banting enthusiastically reported Frederick_Banting findings to Macleod , who had been away on his summer holidays during this time . In retrospect , some claim that Frederick_Banting experiments were crude and did not prove the validity of Frederick_Banting idea , which was not physiologically sound in any case . eos
could keep dogs with diabetes alive with Frederick_Banting extract . Frederick_Banting enthusiastically reported Frederick_Banting findings to Macleod , who had been away on his summer holidays during this time . In retrospect , some claim that Frederick_Banting experiments were crude and did not prove the validity of Frederick_Banting idea , which was not physiologically sound in any case . eos
extract . Frederick_Banting enthusiastically reported Frederick_Banting findings to Macleod , who had been away on his summer holidays during this time . In retrospect , some claim that Frederick_Banting experiments were crude and did not prove the validity of Frederick_Banting idea , which was not physiologically sound in any case . eos
enthusiastically reported Frederick_Banting findings to Macleod , who had been away on his summer holidays during this time . In retrospect , some claim that Frederick_Banting experiments were crude and did not prove the validity of Frederick_Banting idea , which was not physiologically sound in any case . However , the results encouraged further intensive work in the fall , with direct participation by Macleod and the chemist James Collip . eos
findings to Macleod , who had been away on his summer holidays during this time . In retrospect , some claim that Frederick_Banting experiments were crude and did not prove the validity of Frederick_Banting idea , which was not physiologically sound in any case . However , the results encouraged further intensive work in the fall , with direct participation by Macleod and the chemist James Collip . eos
experiments were crude and did not prove the validity of Frederick_Banting idea , which was not physiologically sound in any case . However , the results encouraged further intensive work in the fall , with direct participation by Macleod and the chemist James Collip . The use of dog pancreases proved impractical and was soon abandoned in favour of using pancreas from calves and cows . eos
idea , which was not physiologically sound in any case . However , the results encouraged further intensive work in the fall , with direct participation by Macleod and the chemist James Collip . The use of dog pancreases proved impractical and was soon abandoned in favour of using pancreas from calves and cows . eos
and Macleod received the Nobel Prize in Medicine . Frederick_Banting shared the award money with Best , believing that Best deserved the Prize more than Macleod , who in turn shared his award money with Collip . Frederick_Banting was widely esteemed in Canada as the first Canadian to achieve worldwide scientific fame . eos
shared the award money with Best , believing that Best deserved the Prize more than Macleod , who in turn shared his award money with Collip . Frederick_Banting was widely esteemed in Canada as the first Canadian to achieve worldwide scientific fame . The Canadian government gave Frederick_Banting a lifetime grant for Frederick_Banting research . eos
was widely esteemed in Canada as the first Canadian to achieve worldwide scientific fame . The Canadian government gave Frederick_Banting a lifetime grant for Frederick_Banting research . In 1934 King George V bestowed a knighthood on Frederick_Banting , making Frederick_Banting Sir Frederick Banting . eos
a lifetime grant for Frederick_Banting research . In 1934 King George V bestowed a knighthood on Frederick_Banting , making Frederick_Banting Sir Frederick Banting . eos
research . In 1934 King George V bestowed a knighthood on Frederick_Banting , making Frederick_Banting Sir Frederick Banting . eos
, making Frederick_Banting Sir Frederick Banting . eos
Sir Frederick Banting . eos
( born december 15 , 1923 ) is an English - born physicist and mathematician , famous for Freeman_Dyson work in quantum mechanics , nuclear weapons design and policy , and for Freeman_Dyson serious theorizing in futurism and science fiction concepts , including the search for extraterrestrial intelligence . Freeman_Dyson is a lifelong opponent of nationalism , and proponent of nuclear disarmament and international cooperation . Freeman_Dyson is a member of the Board of Sponsors of The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists . eos
work in quantum mechanics , nuclear weapons design and policy , and for Freeman_Dyson serious theorizing in futurism and science fiction concepts , including the search for extraterrestrial intelligence . Freeman_Dyson is a lifelong opponent of nationalism , and proponent of nuclear disarmament and international cooperation . Freeman_Dyson is a member of the Board of Sponsors of The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists . eos
serious theorizing in futurism and science fiction concepts , including the search for extraterrestrial intelligence . Freeman_Dyson is a lifelong opponent of nationalism , and proponent of nuclear disarmament and international cooperation . Freeman_Dyson is a member of the Board of Sponsors of The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists . eos
is a lifelong opponent of nationalism , and proponent of nuclear disarmament and international cooperation . Freeman_Dyson is a member of the Board of Sponsors of The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists . eos
is a member of the Board of Sponsors of The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists . eos
, also known as Gabo ( born march 6 , 1928 ) , is a Colombian novelist , journalist , publisher , political activist , and recipient of the 1982 Nobel Prize in Literature . Born in the town of Aracataca in the department of Magdalena , Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez has lived mostly in Mexico and Europe and Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez currently spends much of Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez time in Mexico City . Widely credited with introducing the global public to magical realism , Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez has secured both significant critical acclaim and widespread commercial success . eos
has lived mostly in Mexico and Europe and Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez currently spends much of Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez time in Mexico City . Widely credited with introducing the global public to magical realism , Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez has secured both significant critical acclaim and widespread commercial success . A growing consensus of literary scholars holds that Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez ranks alongside Jorge Luis Borges and Julio Cortázar as one of South America 's greatest 20th - century authors . eos
currently spends much of Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez time in Mexico City . Widely credited with introducing the global public to magical realism , Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez has secured both significant critical acclaim and widespread commercial success . A growing consensus of literary scholars holds that Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez ranks alongside Jorge Luis Borges and Julio Cortázar as one of South America 's greatest 20th - century authors . eos
time in Mexico City . Widely credited with introducing the global public to magical realism , Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez has secured both significant critical acclaim and widespread commercial success . A growing consensus of literary scholars holds that Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez ranks alongside Jorge Luis Borges and Julio Cortázar as one of South America 's greatest 20th - century authors . eos
has secured both significant critical acclaim and widespread commercial success . A growing consensus of literary scholars holds that Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez ranks alongside Jorge Luis Borges and Julio Cortázar as one of South America 's greatest 20th - century authors . Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez is the father of television and film director Rodrigo Garcia . eos
ranks alongside Jorge Luis Borges and Julio Cortázar as one of South America 's greatest 20th - century authors . Gabriel_Garcia_Marquez is the father of television and film director Rodrigo Garcia . eos
is the father of television and film director Rodrigo Garcia . eos
, Latin : ; Claudius Galenus of Pergamum ( 129 - 200 AD ) , better known in English as Galen , was an ancient Greek physician . The forename ` ` Claudius '' is absent in Greek texts ; it was first documented in texts from the Renaissance . eos
views dominated European medicine for over a thousand years . eos
( pron . "" IPA : káu ɕĭŋ tɕiɛ̂n "" ; "" Chinese : 高行健 , Pinyin : "" "" "" ; born january 4 , 1940 ) , is a Chinese emigré novelist , dramatist and critic , Gao_Xingjian received the 2000 Nobel Prize in Literature . Gao_Xingjian is also a noted translator , stage director and painter . eos
received the 2000 Nobel Prize in Literature . Gao_Xingjian is also a noted translator , stage director and painter . Born in Ganzhou , Jiangxi , China , Gao_Xingjian is now a French citizen . eos
is also a noted translator , stage director and painter . Born in Ganzhou , Jiangxi , China , Gao_Xingjian is now a French citizen . In 1992 Gao_Xingjian was awarded the Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French government . eos
is now a French citizen . In 1992 Gao_Xingjian was awarded the Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French government . Although the general position by the Chinese media and government towards Gao_Xingjian is that of silence , the Yangcheng Evening News , a state - run newspaper , in 2001 , criticized one of Gao_Xingjian works . eos
was awarded the Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French government . Although the general position by the Chinese media and government towards Gao_Xingjian is that of silence , the Yangcheng Evening News , a state - run newspaper , in 2001 , criticized one of Gao_Xingjian works . A Chinese columnist called Gao_Xingjian an ` ` awful writer , '' and said that the idea of Gao_Xingjian winning the Nobel Prize was ` ` ludicrous . '' eos
is that of silence , the Yangcheng Evening News , a state - run newspaper , in 2001 , criticized one of Gao_Xingjian works . A Chinese columnist called Gao_Xingjian an ` ` awful writer , '' and said that the idea of Gao_Xingjian winning the Nobel Prize was ` ` ludicrous . '' Gao_Xingjian Swedish translator Göran Malmqvist is a member of the Swedish Academy and thus partly responsible for the award of the Nobel Prize . eos
works . A Chinese columnist called Gao_Xingjian an ` ` awful writer , '' and said that the idea of Gao_Xingjian winning the Nobel Prize was ` ` ludicrous . '' Gao_Xingjian Swedish translator Göran Malmqvist is a member of the Swedish Academy and thus partly responsible for the award of the Nobel Prize . eos
an ` ` awful writer , '' and said that the idea of Gao_Xingjian winning the Nobel Prize was ` ` ludicrous . '' Gao_Xingjian Swedish translator Göran Malmqvist is a member of the Swedish Academy and thus partly responsible for the award of the Nobel Prize . Ten days before the award decision was made public , Gao_Xingjian changed Gao_Xingjian Swedish publisher ( from Forum to Atlantis ) , but Göran Malmqvist has denied leaking information about the award . eos
winning the Nobel Prize was ` ` ludicrous . '' Gao_Xingjian Swedish translator Göran Malmqvist is a member of the Swedish Academy and thus partly responsible for the award of the Nobel Prize . Ten days before the award decision was made public , Gao_Xingjian changed Gao_Xingjian Swedish publisher ( from Forum to Atlantis ) , but Göran Malmqvist has denied leaking information about the award . eos
Swedish translator Göran Malmqvist is a member of the Swedish Academy and thus partly responsible for the award of the Nobel Prize . Ten days before the award decision was made public , Gao_Xingjian changed Gao_Xingjian Swedish publisher ( from Forum to Atlantis ) , but Göran Malmqvist has denied leaking information about the award . The Chinese government officially regards Gao_Xingjian as an exiled dissident , and all of Gao_Xingjian works are banned . eos
changed Gao_Xingjian Swedish publisher ( from Forum to Atlantis ) , but Göran Malmqvist has denied leaking information about the award . The Chinese government officially regards Gao_Xingjian as an exiled dissident , and all of Gao_Xingjian works are banned . eos
Swedish publisher ( from Forum to Atlantis ) , but Göran Malmqvist has denied leaking information about the award . The Chinese government officially regards Gao_Xingjian as an exiled dissident , and all of Gao_Xingjian works are banned . eos
as an exiled dissident , and all of Gao_Xingjian works are banned . eos
works are banned . eos
( born december 2 , 1930 ) is an American economist . A professor at the University of Chicago , Gary_Becker won the 1992 Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for ` ` having extended the domain of microeconomic analysis to a wide range of human behavior and interaction , including non - market behavior '' . Gary_Becker is also a member of the Hoover Institution and the National Bureau of Economic Research . eos
won the 1992 Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for ` ` having extended the domain of microeconomic analysis to a wide range of human behavior and interaction , including non - market behavior '' . Gary_Becker is also a member of the Hoover Institution and the National Bureau of Economic Research . Born in Pottsville , Pennsylvania , Gary_Becker earned a BA at Princeton University in 1951 and a PhD at the University of Chicago in 1955 . eos
is also a member of the Hoover Institution and the National Bureau of Economic Research . Born in Pottsville , Pennsylvania , Gary_Becker earned a BA at Princeton University in 1951 and a PhD at the University of Chicago in 1955 . Gary_Becker taught at Columbia University from 1957 to 1968 , and Gary_Becker then returned to Chicago , where Gary_Becker still teaches price theory to the new graduate students each year . eos
earned a BA at Princeton University in 1951 and a PhD at the University of Chicago in 1955 . Gary_Becker taught at Columbia University from 1957 to 1968 , and Gary_Becker then returned to Chicago , where Gary_Becker still teaches price theory to the new graduate students each year . Gary_Becker won the John Bates Clark Medal in 1967 . eos
taught at Columbia University from 1957 to 1968 , and Gary_Becker then returned to Chicago , where Gary_Becker still teaches price theory to the new graduate students each year . Gary_Becker won the John Bates Clark Medal in 1967 . Gary_Becker was one of the first economists to branch into what were traditionally considered topics belonging to sociology , including racial discrimination , crime , family organization , and drug addiction . eos
then returned to Chicago , where Gary_Becker still teaches price theory to the new graduate students each year . Gary_Becker won the John Bates Clark Medal in 1967 . Gary_Becker was one of the first economists to branch into what were traditionally considered topics belonging to sociology , including racial discrimination , crime , family organization , and drug addiction . eos
still teaches price theory to the new graduate students each year . Gary_Becker won the John Bates Clark Medal in 1967 . Gary_Becker was one of the first economists to branch into what were traditionally considered topics belonging to sociology , including racial discrimination , crime , family organization , and drug addiction . eos
won the John Bates Clark Medal in 1967 . Gary_Becker was one of the first economists to branch into what were traditionally considered topics belonging to sociology , including racial discrimination , crime , family organization , and drug addiction . Gary_Becker is known for arguing that many different types of human behavior can be seen as rational and utility maximizing . eos
was one of the first economists to branch into what were traditionally considered topics belonging to sociology , including racial discrimination , crime , family organization , and drug addiction . Gary_Becker is known for arguing that many different types of human behavior can be seen as rational and utility maximizing . Gary_Becker approach can include altruistic behavior by defining individuals ' utility appropriately . eos
is known for arguing that many different types of human behavior can be seen as rational and utility maximizing . Gary_Becker approach can include altruistic behavior by defining individuals ' utility appropriately . Gary_Becker is also among the foremost exponents of the study of human capital . eos
approach can include altruistic behavior by defining individuals ' utility appropriately . Gary_Becker is also among the foremost exponents of the study of human capital . Gary_Becker is also credited with the ` ` rotten kid theorem '' . eos
is also among the foremost exponents of the study of human capital . Gary_Becker is also credited with the ` ` rotten kid theorem '' . According to the Nobel Prize citation , Gary_Becker work can be categorized into four areas : eos
is also credited with the ` ` rotten kid theorem '' . According to the Nobel Prize citation , Gary_Becker work can be categorized into four areas : * investments in human capital * behavior of the family ( or household ) , including distribution of work and allocation of time in the family eos
work can be categorized into four areas : * investments in human capital * behavior of the family ( or household ) , including distribution of work and allocation of time in the family * crime and punishment * discrimination on the markets for labor and goods . eos
Nobel lecture , ` ` Nobel Lecture : The Economic Way of Looking at Behavior '' , subsequently published in the Journal of Political Economy , reviews Gary_Becker four key areas of research . Gary_Becker explains that Gary_Becker framework of analysis is not a traditional self - interested motivation but rather an analysis based on a set of assumptions and individual preferences . eos
four key areas of research . Gary_Becker explains that Gary_Becker framework of analysis is not a traditional self - interested motivation but rather an analysis based on a set of assumptions and individual preferences . Yes , agents are maximizing welfare eos
explains that Gary_Becker framework of analysis is not a traditional self - interested motivation but rather an analysis based on a set of assumptions and individual preferences . Yes , agents are maximizing welfare but it is based on individual conception constrained by income , time , and imperfect memory and calculation capabilities . eos
framework of analysis is not a traditional self - interested motivation but rather an analysis based on a set of assumptions and individual preferences . Yes , agents are maximizing welfare but it is based on individual conception constrained by income , time , and imperfect memory and calculation capabilities . eos
research focuses on the impact of the rising value of time as a result of economic growth . Gary_Becker also received National Medal of Science in 2000 . eos
also received National Medal of Science in 2000 . eos
( Serbian Cyrillic : Гаврило Принцип ) ( pronounced ( gäv ' ri : lo : eos
assassinated Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria and his wife Sophie , Duchess of Hohenberg in Sarajevo on june 28 , 1914 . The event , known as the assassination in Sarajevo , prompted the Austrian action against Serbia that led to World War I. eos
or Temüjin by birthname , ( c. 1162-august 18 , 1227 ) ( IPA : IPA : ʧiŋgɪs χaːŋ , Mongolian : eos
united the Mongol tribes and Genghis_Khan founded the Mongol Empire ( Yeke Mongol Ulus , Екэ Монгол Улус ) , ( 1206 - 1368 ) , the largest contiguous empire in world history . Born to the name Temüjin in the Borjigin family ( Mongolian : eos
founded the Mongol Empire ( Yeke Mongol Ulus , Екэ Монгол Улус ) , ( 1206 - 1368 ) , the largest contiguous empire in world history . Born to the name Temüjin in the Borjigin family ( Mongolian : eos
forged a powerful army based on meritocracy to become one of the most successful military leaders in the whole of history . While Genghis_Khan image in most of the world is that of a ruthless , bloodthirsty conqueror , Genghis_Khan is an iconic and beloved figure in Mongolia , where Genghis_Khan is seen as the father of the Mongol Nation ( see also Mongolia ) . Before becoming a Khan , Genghis_Khan eliminated and united many of the nomadic tribes of north East Asia and Central Asia under a social identity as the ` ` Mongols . '' eos
image in most of the world is that of a ruthless , bloodthirsty conqueror , Genghis_Khan is an iconic and beloved figure in Mongolia , where Genghis_Khan is seen as the father of the Mongol Nation ( see also Mongolia ) . Before becoming a Khan , Genghis_Khan eliminated and united many of the nomadic tribes of north East Asia and Central Asia under a social identity as the ` ` Mongols . '' Starting with the invasion of Western Xia and Jin Dynasty in northern China and consolidating through numerous conquests including the Khwarezmid Empire in Persia , Mongol rule across the Eurasian landmass radically altered the demography and geopolitics of these areas . eos
is an iconic and beloved figure in Mongolia , where Genghis_Khan is seen as the father of the Mongol Nation ( see also Mongolia ) . Before becoming a Khan , Genghis_Khan eliminated and united many of the nomadic tribes of north East Asia and Central Asia under a social identity as the ` ` Mongols . '' Starting with the invasion of Western Xia and Jin Dynasty in northern China and consolidating through numerous conquests including the Khwarezmid Empire in Persia , Mongol rule across the Eurasian landmass radically altered the demography and geopolitics of these areas . eos
is seen as the father of the Mongol Nation ( see also Mongolia ) . Before becoming a Khan , Genghis_Khan eliminated and united many of the nomadic tribes of north East Asia and Central Asia under a social identity as the ` ` Mongols . '' Starting with the invasion of Western Xia and Jin Dynasty in northern China and consolidating through numerous conquests including the Khwarezmid Empire in Persia , Mongol rule across the Eurasian landmass radically altered the demography and geopolitics of these areas . eos
eliminated and united many of the nomadic tribes of north East Asia and Central Asia under a social identity as the ` ` Mongols . '' Starting with the invasion of Western Xia and Jin Dynasty in northern China and consolidating through numerous conquests including the Khwarezmid Empire in Persia , Mongol rule across the Eurasian landmass radically altered the demography and geopolitics of these areas . The Mongol Empire ended up ruling , or at least briefly conquering , large parts of modern day China , Mongolia , Russia , Azerbaijan , Armenia , Georgia , Iraq , Iran , Turkey , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Uzbekistan , Pakistan , Tajikistan , Afghanistan , Turkmenistan , Moldova , and Kuwait . eos
( c. 1343 - october 25 , 1400 ) was an English author , poet , philosopher , bureaucrat ( courtier ) , and a diplomat . Geoffrey_Chaucer is often referred to as the Father of English Literature . Although Geoffrey_Chaucer wrote many works Geoffrey_Chaucer is best remembered for Geoffrey_Chaucer unfinished frame narrative The Canterbury Tales . eos
is often referred to as the Father of English Literature . Although Geoffrey_Chaucer wrote many works Geoffrey_Chaucer is best remembered for Geoffrey_Chaucer unfinished frame narrative The Canterbury Tales . Geoffrey_Chaucer is sometimes credited with being the first author to demonstrate the artistic legitimacy of the vernacular English language , rather than French or Latin . eos
wrote many works Geoffrey_Chaucer is best remembered for Geoffrey_Chaucer unfinished frame narrative The Canterbury Tales . Geoffrey_Chaucer is sometimes credited with being the first author to demonstrate the artistic legitimacy of the vernacular English language , rather than French or Latin . eos
is best remembered for Geoffrey_Chaucer unfinished frame narrative The Canterbury Tales . Geoffrey_Chaucer is sometimes credited with being the first author to demonstrate the artistic legitimacy of the vernacular English language , rather than French or Latin . eos
unfinished frame narrative The Canterbury Tales . Geoffrey_Chaucer is sometimes credited with being the first author to demonstrate the artistic legitimacy of the vernacular English language , rather than French or Latin . eos
is sometimes credited with being the first author to demonstrate the artistic legitimacy of the vernacular English language , rather than French or Latin . eos
IPA : ˈgeɔʁk ˈvɪlhɛlm ˈfʁiːdʁɪç ˈheːgəl ( august 27 , 1770 - november 14 , 1831 ) was a German philosopher born in Stuttgart , Württemberg , in present - day southwest Germany . Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel influence has been widespread on writers of widely varying positions , including both Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel admirers ( F. H Bradley , Sartre , Hans Küng , Bruno Bauer ) , and Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel detractors ( Kierkegaard , Schopenhauer , Heidegger , Schelling ) . eos
influence has been widespread on writers of widely varying positions , including both Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel admirers ( F. H Bradley , Sartre , Hans Küng , Bruno Bauer ) , and Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel detractors ( Kierkegaard , Schopenhauer , Heidegger , Schelling ) . Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel great achievement was to introduce for the first time in philosophy the idea that History and the concrete are important in getting out of the circle of philosophia perennis , ie , the perennial problems of philosophy . Also , for the first time in the history of philosophy eos
admirers ( F. H Bradley , Sartre , Hans Küng , Bruno Bauer ) , and Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel detractors ( Kierkegaard , Schopenhauer , Heidegger , Schelling ) . Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel great achievement was to introduce for the first time in philosophy the idea that History and the concrete are important in getting out of the circle of philosophia perennis , ie , the perennial problems of philosophy . Also , for the first time in the history of philosophy eos
detractors ( Kierkegaard , Schopenhauer , Heidegger , Schelling ) . Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel great achievement was to introduce for the first time in philosophy the idea that History and the concrete are important in getting out of the circle of philosophia perennis , ie , the perennial problems of philosophy . Also , for the first time in the history of philosophy eos
great achievement was to introduce for the first time in philosophy the idea that History and the concrete are important in getting out of the circle of philosophia perennis , ie , the perennial problems of philosophy . Also , for the first time in the history of philosophy Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel realised the importance of the Other in the coming to be of self - consciousness , see slave - master dialectic . eos
realised the importance of the Other in the coming to be of self - consciousness , see slave - master dialectic . eos
, MBE ( february 25 , 1943 - november 29 , 2001 ) was a popular English guitarist , singer , songwriter , record producer , and film producer , best known as a member of The Beatles . George_Harrison was the lead guitarist of The Beatles . During the band 's phenomenally successful career , John Lennon and Paul McCartney were its main songwriters . eos
was the lead guitarist of The Beatles . During the band 's phenomenally successful career , John Lennon and Paul McCartney were its main songwriters . However , George_Harrison wrote and/or sang lead on one or two songs each album . eos
wrote and/or sang lead on one or two songs each album . George_Harrison songs earned George_Harrison growing admiration as a considerable talent in George_Harrison own right . Although George_Harrison wrote some of the Beatles ' best known songs , George_Harrison was overshadowed by the Lennon / McCartney duo , and George_Harrison subsequently suffered as an artist . eos
songs earned George_Harrison growing admiration as a considerable talent in George_Harrison own right . Although George_Harrison wrote some of the Beatles ' best known songs , George_Harrison was overshadowed by the Lennon / McCartney duo , and George_Harrison subsequently suffered as an artist . While still a Beatle , George_Harrison became attracted to Indian music and Hinduism , sparking unprecedented interest in Eastern beliefs and music in the Western Hemisphere . eos
growing admiration as a considerable talent in George_Harrison own right . Although George_Harrison wrote some of the Beatles ' best known songs , George_Harrison was overshadowed by the Lennon / McCartney duo , and George_Harrison subsequently suffered as an artist . While still a Beatle , George_Harrison became attracted to Indian music and Hinduism , sparking unprecedented interest in Eastern beliefs and music in the Western Hemisphere . eos
own right . Although George_Harrison wrote some of the Beatles ' best known songs , George_Harrison was overshadowed by the Lennon / McCartney duo , and George_Harrison subsequently suffered as an artist . While still a Beatle , George_Harrison became attracted to Indian music and Hinduism , sparking unprecedented interest in Eastern beliefs and music in the Western Hemisphere . eos
wrote some of the Beatles ' best known songs , George_Harrison was overshadowed by the Lennon / McCartney duo , and George_Harrison subsequently suffered as an artist . While still a Beatle , George_Harrison became attracted to Indian music and Hinduism , sparking unprecedented interest in Eastern beliefs and music in the Western Hemisphere . Both would subsequently play a prominent role in George_Harrison life and music . eos
was overshadowed by the Lennon / McCartney duo , and George_Harrison subsequently suffered as an artist . While still a Beatle , George_Harrison became attracted to Indian music and Hinduism , sparking unprecedented interest in Eastern beliefs and music in the Western Hemisphere . Both would subsequently play a prominent role in George_Harrison life and music . eos
subsequently suffered as an artist . While still a Beatle , George_Harrison became attracted to Indian music and Hinduism , sparking unprecedented interest in Eastern beliefs and music in the Western Hemisphere . Both would subsequently play a prominent role in George_Harrison life and music . eos
became attracted to Indian music and Hinduism , sparking unprecedented interest in Eastern beliefs and music in the Western Hemisphere . Both would subsequently play a prominent role in George_Harrison life and music . Around this time George_Harrison also became a vegetarian , and George_Harrison remained one until George_Harrison death . eos
life and music . Around this time George_Harrison also became a vegetarian , and George_Harrison remained one until George_Harrison death . The Beatles ' first vegetarian experience came when George_Harrison led them to India and the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . eos
also became a vegetarian , and George_Harrison remained one until George_Harrison death . The Beatles ' first vegetarian experience came when George_Harrison led them to India and the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . George_Harrison also had an uneven but sometimes very successful solo career after the break - up of The Beatles , scoring major hits with ` ` My Sweet Lord '' ( 1970 ) , ` ` Give Me Love ( Give Me Peace on Earth ) '' eos
remained one until George_Harrison death . The Beatles ' first vegetarian experience came when George_Harrison led them to India and the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . George_Harrison also had an uneven but sometimes very successful solo career after the break - up of The Beatles , scoring major hits with ` ` My Sweet Lord '' ( 1970 ) , ` ` Give Me Love ( Give Me Peace on Earth ) '' eos
death . The Beatles ' first vegetarian experience came when George_Harrison led them to India and the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . George_Harrison also had an uneven but sometimes very successful solo career after the break - up of The Beatles , scoring major hits with ` ` My Sweet Lord '' ( 1970 ) , ` ` Give Me Love ( Give Me Peace on Earth ) '' eos
led them to India and the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . George_Harrison also had an uneven but sometimes very successful solo career after the break - up of The Beatles , scoring major hits with ` ` My Sweet Lord '' ( 1970 ) , ` ` Give Me Love ( Give Me Peace on Earth ) '' ( 1973 ) , ` ` All Those Years eos
also had an uneven but sometimes very successful solo career after the break - up of The Beatles , scoring major hits with ` ` My Sweet Lord '' ( 1970 ) , ` ` Give Me Love ( Give Me Peace on Earth ) '' ( 1973 ) , ` ` All Those Years Ago '' ( 1981 ) , and ` ` Got My Mind Set on You '' ( 1987 ) . George_Harrison landmark album , eos
landmark album , All Things Must Pass , currently holds the title of the best selling album by a solo Beatle . George_Harrison also organized the first large - scale benefit concert , The Concert For Bangladesh , which took place on august 1 , 1971 . eos
also organized the first large - scale benefit concert , The Concert For Bangladesh , which took place on august 1 , 1971 . George_Harrison was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a solo artist in 2004 . George_Harrison was also a film producer and George_Harrison founded Handmade Films in 1979 . eos
was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a solo artist in 2004 . George_Harrison was also a film producer and George_Harrison founded Handmade Films in 1979 . The company 's films include Monty Python 's The Life of Brian ( in which George_Harrison had a very minor cameo ) , Time Bandits , Withnail and I , and Mona Lisa . eos
was also a film producer and George_Harrison founded Handmade Films in 1979 . The company 's films include Monty Python 's The Life of Brian ( in which George_Harrison had a very minor cameo ) , Time Bandits , Withnail and I , and Mona Lisa . George_Harrison also has a cameo role in The Beatles parody film The Rutles . eos
founded Handmade Films in 1979 . The company 's films include Monty Python 's The Life of Brian ( in which George_Harrison had a very minor cameo ) , Time Bandits , Withnail and I , and Mona Lisa . George_Harrison also has a cameo role in The Beatles parody film The Rutles . eos
had a very minor cameo ) , Time Bandits , Withnail and I , and Mona Lisa . George_Harrison also has a cameo role in The Beatles parody film The Rutles . eos
also has a cameo role in The Beatles parody film The Rutles . eos
( november 8 , 1931 - May 9 , 1978 ) was an American artist George_Maciunas was a founding member of the Fluxus , an international community of artists , architects , composers , and designers . George_Maciunas is generally credited with having invented the name ` ` Fluxus . '' eos
was a founding member of the Fluxus , an international community of artists , architects , composers , and designers . George_Maciunas is generally credited with having invented the name ` ` Fluxus . '' George_Maciunas eos
is generally credited with having invented the name ` ` Fluxus . '' George_Maciunas ( "" Lithuanian : Jurgis Mačiūnas "" , pronounced machunas ) was born in Kaunas , Lithuania , to a Lithuanian father and Russian mother . eos
( "" Lithuanian : Jurgis Mačiūnas "" , pronounced machunas ) was born in Kaunas , Lithuania , to a Lithuanian father and Russian mother . As a young man , George_Maciunas moved to the United States where George_Maciunas studied architecture at Carnegie Mellon University . eos
moved to the United States where George_Maciunas studied architecture at Carnegie Mellon University . Later , George_Maciunas moved to Germany to escape George_Maciunas creditors . It was in Germany at a 1962 festival in Wiesbaden that George_Maciunas , Dick Higgins , Nam june Paik , Wolf Vostell , Emmett Williams , Alison Knowles , and Ben Patterson staged the first Fluxus festival . eos
studied architecture at Carnegie Mellon University . Later , George_Maciunas moved to Germany to escape George_Maciunas creditors . It was in Germany at a 1962 festival in Wiesbaden that George_Maciunas , Dick Higgins , Nam june Paik , Wolf Vostell , Emmett Williams , Alison Knowles , and Ben Patterson staged the first Fluxus festival . eos
moved to Germany to escape George_Maciunas creditors . It was in Germany at a 1962 festival in Wiesbaden that George_Maciunas , Dick Higgins , Nam june Paik , Wolf Vostell , Emmett Williams , Alison Knowles , and Ben Patterson staged the first Fluxus festival . George_Maciunas developed several loft buildings in SoHo New York and a farm in Great Barrington , Massachusetts as artist housing projects . eos
creditors . It was in Germany at a 1962 festival in Wiesbaden that George_Maciunas , Dick Higgins , Nam june Paik , Wolf Vostell , Emmett Williams , Alison Knowles , and Ben Patterson staged the first Fluxus festival . George_Maciunas developed several loft buildings in SoHo New York and a farm in Great Barrington , Massachusetts as artist housing projects . eos
, Dick Higgins , Nam june Paik , Wolf Vostell , Emmett Williams , Alison Knowles , and Ben Patterson staged the first Fluxus festival . George_Maciunas developed several loft buildings in SoHo New York and a farm in Great Barrington , Massachusetts as artist housing projects . George_Maciunas pioneered SoHo as a haven for artists by converting tumbledown buildings into lofts and living space . eos
developed several loft buildings in SoHo New York and a farm in Great Barrington , Massachusetts as artist housing projects . George_Maciunas pioneered SoHo as a haven for artists by converting tumbledown buildings into lofts and living space . George_Maciunas real estate ventures were usually several steps ahead of the law and in 1975 George_Maciunas was seriously injured in an assault arranged by an unpaid contractor related to the mob . eos
pioneered SoHo as a haven for artists by converting tumbledown buildings into lofts and living space . George_Maciunas real estate ventures were usually several steps ahead of the law and in 1975 George_Maciunas was seriously injured in an assault arranged by an unpaid contractor related to the mob . The attack left George_Maciunas blind in one eye . eos
real estate ventures were usually several steps ahead of the law and in 1975 George_Maciunas was seriously injured in an assault arranged by an unpaid contractor related to the mob . The attack left George_Maciunas blind in one eye . After suffering from cancer , George_Maciunas died in a hospital in Boston , USA . eos
was seriously injured in an assault arranged by an unpaid contractor related to the mob . The attack left George_Maciunas blind in one eye . After suffering from cancer , George_Maciunas died in a hospital in Boston , USA . eos
blind in one eye . After suffering from cancer , George_Maciunas died in a hospital in Boston , USA . Three months before George_Maciunas death , George_Maciunas married one of George_Maciunas tenants , Billie Hutching . eos
died in a hospital in Boston , USA . Three months before George_Maciunas death , George_Maciunas married one of George_Maciunas tenants , Billie Hutching . Their wedding was a performance piece called ` ` The Fluxwedding . '' eos
death , George_Maciunas married one of George_Maciunas tenants , Billie Hutching . Their wedding was a performance piece called ` ` The Fluxwedding . '' The bride and groom traded clothing . eos
married one of George_Maciunas tenants , Billie Hutching . Their wedding was a performance piece called ` ` The Fluxwedding . '' The bride and groom traded clothing . eos
tenants , Billie Hutching . Their wedding was a performance piece called ` ` The Fluxwedding . '' The bride and groom traded clothing . eos
was close to fellow artists Jonas Mekas , La Monte Young , Nam june Paik , and Yoko Ono , and George_Maciunas did much to advance their careers . An Maciunas and titled Machunas premiered in august 2005 in the St. Christopher Summer Festival in Vilnius , Lithuania . Machunas was conceived by artist Lucio Pozzi , with music by Frank J Oteri . eos
did much to advance their careers . An Maciunas and titled Machunas premiered in august 2005 in the St. Christopher Summer Festival in Vilnius , Lithuania . Machunas was conceived by artist Lucio Pozzi , with music by Frank J Oteri . eos
friends and colleagues protested the fact that the libretto was mistaken by many as a biography . eos
( born january 27 , 1963 ) is a leftwing journalist , author , academic and environmental and political activist in the United Kingdom George_Monbiot writes a weekly column for The Guardian newspaper . eos
writes a weekly column for The Guardian newspaper . eos
( 9 june 1781 - 12 august 1848 ) was an English mechanical engineer George_Stephenson designed the famous and historically important steam locomotive named Rocket and George_Stephenson is known as the ` ` Father of Railways '' . The Victorians considered George_Stephenson a great example of diligent application and thirst for improvement , with self - help advocate Samuel Smiles particularly praising George_Stephenson achievements . George_Stephenson rail gauge of 4 ft 8 1/2 in ( 1435 mm ) , sometimes called ` ` Stephenson gauge '' , is the world 's standard gauge . eos
designed the famous and historically important steam locomotive named Rocket and George_Stephenson is known as the ` ` Father of Railways '' . The Victorians considered George_Stephenson a great example of diligent application and thirst for improvement , with self - help advocate Samuel Smiles particularly praising George_Stephenson achievements . George_Stephenson rail gauge of 4 ft 8 1/2 in ( 1435 mm ) , sometimes called ` ` Stephenson gauge '' , is the world 's standard gauge . eos
is known as the ` ` Father of Railways '' . The Victorians considered George_Stephenson a great example of diligent application and thirst for improvement , with self - help advocate Samuel Smiles particularly praising George_Stephenson achievements . George_Stephenson rail gauge of 4 ft 8 1/2 in ( 1435 mm ) , sometimes called ` ` Stephenson gauge '' , is the world 's standard gauge . eos
a great example of diligent application and thirst for improvement , with self - help advocate Samuel Smiles particularly praising George_Stephenson achievements . George_Stephenson rail gauge of 4 ft 8 1/2 in ( 1435 mm ) , sometimes called ` ` Stephenson gauge '' , is the world 's standard gauge . eos
achievements . George_Stephenson rail gauge of 4 ft 8 1/2 in ( 1435 mm ) , sometimes called ` ` Stephenson gauge '' , is the world 's standard gauge . eos
rail gauge of 4 ft 8 1/2 in ( 1435 mm ) , sometimes called ` ` Stephenson gauge '' , is the world 's standard gauge . eos
( born january 29 , 1939 ) is an Australian academic , writer , and broadcaster , Germaine_Greer is widely regarded as one of the most significant feminist voices of the 20th century . Germaine_Greer is Professor Emeritus of English literature and Comparative Studies at the University of Warwick in England after having recently retired , and Germaine_Greer is the author of several highly acclaimed books . Germaine_Greer ground - breaking The Female Eunuch became an international bestseller when it was published in 1970 , turning Germaine_Greer overnight into a household name , and bringing Germaine_Greer both adulation and criticism . eos
is widely regarded as one of the most significant feminist voices of the 20th century . Germaine_Greer is Professor Emeritus of English literature and Comparative Studies at the University of Warwick in England after having recently retired , and Germaine_Greer is the author of several highly acclaimed books . Germaine_Greer ground - breaking The Female Eunuch became an international bestseller when it was published in 1970 , turning Germaine_Greer overnight into a household name , and bringing Germaine_Greer both adulation and criticism . eos
is Professor Emeritus of English literature and Comparative Studies at the University of Warwick in England after having recently retired , and Germaine_Greer is the author of several highly acclaimed books . Germaine_Greer ground - breaking The Female Eunuch became an international bestseller when it was published in 1970 , turning Germaine_Greer overnight into a household name , and bringing Germaine_Greer both adulation and criticism . Germaine_Greer ideas have created controversy ever since . eos
is the author of several highly acclaimed books . Germaine_Greer ground - breaking The Female Eunuch became an international bestseller when it was published in 1970 , turning Germaine_Greer overnight into a household name , and bringing Germaine_Greer both adulation and criticism . Germaine_Greer ideas have created controversy ever since . eos
ground - breaking The Female Eunuch became an international bestseller when it was published in 1970 , turning Germaine_Greer overnight into a household name , and bringing Germaine_Greer both adulation and criticism . Germaine_Greer ideas have created controversy ever since . Belinda Luscombe in Time Magazine called Germaine_Greer ` ` the ultimate Trojan Horse , gorgeous and witty , built to penetrate the seemingly unassailable fortress of patriarchy and let the rest of us foot soldiers in , '' describing Germaine_Greer as ` ` a joy to read , an eloquent maniac . '' eos
overnight into a household name , and bringing Germaine_Greer both adulation and criticism . Germaine_Greer ideas have created controversy ever since . Belinda Luscombe in Time Magazine called Germaine_Greer ` ` the ultimate Trojan Horse , gorgeous and witty , built to penetrate the seemingly unassailable fortress of patriarchy and let the rest of us foot soldiers in , '' describing Germaine_Greer as ` ` a joy to read , an eloquent maniac . '' eos
both adulation and criticism . Germaine_Greer ideas have created controversy ever since . Belinda Luscombe in Time Magazine called Germaine_Greer ` ` the ultimate Trojan Horse , gorgeous and witty , built to penetrate the seemingly unassailable fortress of patriarchy and let the rest of us foot soldiers in , '' describing Germaine_Greer as ` ` a joy to read , an eloquent maniac . '' eos
ideas have created controversy ever since . Belinda Luscombe in Time Magazine called Germaine_Greer ` ` the ultimate Trojan Horse , gorgeous and witty , built to penetrate the seemingly unassailable fortress of patriarchy and let the rest of us foot soldiers in , '' describing Germaine_Greer as ` ` a joy to read , an eloquent maniac . '' Angela Carter described Germaine_Greer as ` ` a clever fool '' , while former British MP Edwina Currie called Germaine_Greer ` ` a great big hard - boiled prat '' . '' eos
as ` ` a joy to read , an eloquent maniac . '' Angela Carter described Germaine_Greer as ` ` a clever fool '' , while former British MP Edwina Currie called Germaine_Greer ` ` a great big hard - boiled prat '' . '' "" eos
` ` the ultimate Trojan Horse , gorgeous and witty , built to penetrate the seemingly unassailable fortress of patriarchy and let the rest of us foot soldiers in , '' describing Germaine_Greer as ` ` a joy to read , an eloquent maniac . '' Angela Carter described Germaine_Greer as ` ` a clever fool '' , while former British MP Edwina Currie called Germaine_Greer ` ` a great big hard - boiled prat '' . '' "" eos
as ` ` a clever fool '' , while former British MP Edwina Currie called Germaine_Greer ` ` a great big hard - boiled prat '' . '' "" Her "" mind provokes us like no other , '' journalist Catherine Keenan wrote in The Sydney Morning Herald , ` ` but for all the wrong reasons . '' eos
` ` a great big hard - boiled prat '' . '' "" Her "" mind provokes us like no other , '' journalist Catherine Keenan wrote in The Sydney Morning Herald , ` ` but for all the wrong reasons . '' eos
is a prominent French scholar and analyst of the Islamic and the Arab world . Gilles_Kepel has written works on Radical Islam including Jihad : The Trail of Political Islam . eos
has written works on Radical Islam including Jihad : The Trail of Political Islam . Gilles_Kepel recent books received some criticism in the US for being too dismissive of the threat of Islamism or too critical of the US . eos
recent books received some criticism in the US for being too dismissive of the threat of Islamism or too critical of the US . eos
( september 25 , 1932 - october 4 , 1982 ) was a celebrated Canadian pianist , noted especially for Glenn_Gould recordings of Johann Sebastian Bach 's keyboard music . Glenn_Gould gave up live performance in 1964 , dedicating Glenn_Gould to the recording studio for the rest of Glenn_Gould career . eos
recordings of Johann Sebastian Bach 's keyboard music . Glenn_Gould gave up live performance in 1964 , dedicating Glenn_Gould to the recording studio for the rest of Glenn_Gould career . eos
gave up live performance in 1964 , dedicating Glenn_Gould to the recording studio for the rest of Glenn_Gould career . eos
to the recording studio for the rest of Glenn_Gould career . eos
career . eos
( born october 3 1925 ) is a prolific , versatile American writer of novels , stage plays , screenplays , and essays , and , of late , a liberal political pundit . For nearly sixty years , Gore_Vidal has been a public , often controversial figure in both the American literary and political scenes . eos
has been a public , often controversial figure in both the American literary and political scenes . eos
( july 20 , 1822 - january 6 , 1884 ) was an Augustinian abbot Gregor_Mendel is often called the ` ` father of modern genetics '' for Gregor_Mendel study of the inheritance of traits in pea plants . Gregor_Mendel showed that the inheritance of traits follows particular laws , which were later named after Gregor_Mendel . The significance of Gregor_Mendel work was not recognized until the turn of the 20th century . eos
is often called the ` ` father of modern genetics '' for Gregor_Mendel study of the inheritance of traits in pea plants . Gregor_Mendel showed that the inheritance of traits follows particular laws , which were later named after Gregor_Mendel . The significance of Gregor_Mendel work was not recognized until the turn of the 20th century . eos
study of the inheritance of traits in pea plants . Gregor_Mendel showed that the inheritance of traits follows particular laws , which were later named after Gregor_Mendel . The significance of Gregor_Mendel work was not recognized until the turn of the 20th century . eos
showed that the inheritance of traits follows particular laws , which were later named after Gregor_Mendel . The significance of Gregor_Mendel work was not recognized until the turn of the 20th century . Its rediscovery prompted the foundation of genetics . eos
. The significance of Gregor_Mendel work was not recognized until the turn of the 20th century . Its rediscovery prompted the foundation of genetics . eos
work was not recognized until the turn of the 20th century . Its rediscovery prompted the foundation of genetics . eos
"" IPA : gro hɑɭɛm brʉntlɑnd "" ( born april 20 , 1939 ) is a Norwegian politician , diplomat , and physician , and an international leader in sustainable development and public health . Gro_Harlem_Brundtland is a former Prime Minister of Norway , and Gro_Harlem_Brundtland has served as the Director General of the World Health Organization . eos
is a former Prime Minister of Norway , and Gro_Harlem_Brundtland has served as the Director General of the World Health Organization . eos
has served as the Director General of the World Health Organization . eos
, GCVO ( 25 april 1874 - 20 july 1937 ) was an Italian inventor , best known for Guglielmo_Marconi development of a practical radiotelegraph system , which served as the foundation for the establishment of numerous affiliated companies worldwide . Guglielmo_Marconi shared the 1909 Nobel Prize in Physics with Karl Ferdinand Braun , ` ` in recognition of their contributions to the development of wireless telegraphy '' . eos
development of a practical radiotelegraph system , which served as the foundation for the establishment of numerous affiliated companies worldwide . Guglielmo_Marconi shared the 1909 Nobel Prize in Physics with Karl Ferdinand Braun , ` ` in recognition of their contributions to the development of wireless telegraphy '' . eos
shared the 1909 Nobel Prize in Physics with Karl Ferdinand Braun , ` ` in recognition of their contributions to the development of wireless telegraphy '' . eos
( april 13 1570 - january 31 1606 ) , Guy_Fawkes was also known as Guido Fawkes , born in York , was an English soldier and member of a group of Roman Catholics who attempted to carry out the Gunpowder Plot on 5 november 1605 . The plot was an attempt to assassinate the Protestant King James I ( James VI of Scotland ) and the members of both houses of the Parliament of England , by blowing up Westminster Palace during the formal opening session of the 1605 Parliament , in which the king would address a joint assembly of both the House of Lords and the House of Commons . Guy_Fawkes was in large part responsible for the later stages of the plan 's execution . eos
was also known as Guido Fawkes , born in York , was an English soldier and member of a group of Roman Catholics who attempted to carry out the Gunpowder Plot on 5 november 1605 . The plot was an attempt to assassinate the Protestant King James I ( James VI of Scotland ) and the members of both houses of the Parliament of England , by blowing up Westminster Palace during the formal opening session of the 1605 Parliament , in which the king would address a joint assembly of both the House of Lords and the House of Commons . Guy_Fawkes was in large part responsible for the later stages of the plan 's execution . eos
was in large part responsible for the later stages of the plan 's execution . Guy_Fawkes activities were detected , however , before the plan 's completion . Following a severe interrogation involving the use of torture , and a trial in Westminster Hall by Judge John Popham , Guy_Fawkes and Guy_Fawkes conspirators were executed for treason and attempted murder . eos
activities were detected , however , before the plan 's completion . Following a severe interrogation involving the use of torture , and a trial in Westminster Hall by Judge John Popham , Guy_Fawkes and Guy_Fawkes conspirators were executed for treason and attempted murder . Guy_Fawkes failure is remembered with Guy Fawkes Night ( also known as Bonfire Night or Fireworks Night ) on november 5 . eos
and Guy_Fawkes conspirators were executed for treason and attempted murder . Guy_Fawkes failure is remembered with Guy Fawkes Night ( also known as Bonfire Night or Fireworks Night ) on november 5 . eos
conspirators were executed for treason and attempted murder . Guy_Fawkes failure is remembered with Guy Fawkes Night ( also known as Bonfire Night or Fireworks Night ) on november 5 . eos
failure is remembered with Guy Fawkes Night ( also known as Bonfire Night or Fireworks Night ) on november 5 . eos
"" IPA : "" ˈhænˈs ˈkʰʁæsd̥jæn ˈanɔsn̩ "" "" or simply HC Andersen "" IPA : "" ho̞ se ˈanɔsn̩ eos
fairy tales . eos
( born march 19 , 1928 in Sursee , Canton of Lucerne ) , is a Catholic priest , an eminent Swiss theologian , and a prolific author . Since 1995 Hans_Kueng has been President of the Foundation for a Global Ethic ( Stiftung Weltethos ) . Hans_Kueng remains a Catholic priest , but the Vatican has rescinded Hans_Kueng authority to teach Catholic theology . eos
has been President of the Foundation for a Global Ethic ( Stiftung Weltethos ) . Hans_Kueng remains a Catholic priest , but the Vatican has rescinded Hans_Kueng authority to teach Catholic theology . Though Hans_Kueng had to leave the Catholic faculty , Hans_Kueng remained at the University as a professor of Ecumenical Theology . eos
remains a Catholic priest , but the Vatican has rescinded Hans_Kueng authority to teach Catholic theology . Though Hans_Kueng had to leave the Catholic faculty , Hans_Kueng remained at the University as a professor of Ecumenical Theology . Hans_Kueng studied theology and philosophy at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome and Hans_Kueng was ordained in 1954 . eos
authority to teach Catholic theology . Though Hans_Kueng had to leave the Catholic faculty , Hans_Kueng remained at the University as a professor of Ecumenical Theology . Hans_Kueng studied theology and philosophy at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome and Hans_Kueng was ordained in 1954 . eos
had to leave the Catholic faculty , Hans_Kueng remained at the University as a professor of Ecumenical Theology . Hans_Kueng studied theology and philosophy at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome and Hans_Kueng was ordained in 1954 . Hans_Kueng then continued Hans_Kueng education in various European cities , including the Sorbonne in Paris . eos
remained at the University as a professor of Ecumenical Theology . Hans_Kueng studied theology and philosophy at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome and Hans_Kueng was ordained in 1954 . Hans_Kueng then continued Hans_Kueng education in various European cities , including the Sorbonne in Paris . eos
studied theology and philosophy at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome and Hans_Kueng was ordained in 1954 . Hans_Kueng then continued Hans_Kueng education in various European cities , including the Sorbonne in Paris . Hans_Kueng doctoral thesis was entitled ` ` Justification . eos
was ordained in 1954 . Hans_Kueng then continued Hans_Kueng education in various European cities , including the Sorbonne in Paris . Hans_Kueng doctoral thesis was entitled ` ` Justification . eos
education in various European cities , including the Sorbonne in Paris . Hans_Kueng doctoral thesis was entitled ` ` Justification . La doctrine de Karl Barth eos
then continued Hans_Kueng education in various European cities , including the Sorbonne in Paris . Hans_Kueng doctoral thesis was entitled ` ` Justification . La doctrine de Karl Barth eos
doctoral thesis was entitled ` ` Justification . La doctrine de Karl Barth et une réflexion catholique . '' Published in English in 1964 , it located a number of areas of agreement between Barthian and Catholic theologies of justification , concluding that the differences were not fundamental and did not warrant a division in the Church . eos
representation of his theology . ) In 1960 Hans_Kueng was appointed professor of theology at Eberhard Karls University , Tübingen , Germany . Just like Hans_Kueng colleague Joseph Ratzinger ( now Pope Benedict XVI ) , in 1962 Hans_Kueng was appointed peritus by Pope John XXIII , serving as an expert theological advisor to members of the Second Vatican Council until its conclusion in 1965 . eos
was appointed professor of theology at Eberhard Karls University , Tübingen , Germany . Just like Hans_Kueng colleague Joseph Ratzinger ( now Pope Benedict XVI ) , in 1962 Hans_Kueng was appointed peritus by Pope John XXIII , serving as an expert theological advisor to members of the Second Vatican Council until its conclusion in 1965 . At Hans_Kueng instigation , the Catholic Faculty at Tübingen appointed Ratzinger as professor of dogmatics . eos
colleague Joseph Ratzinger ( now Pope Benedict XVI ) , in 1962 Hans_Kueng was appointed peritus by Pope John XXIII , serving as an expert theological advisor to members of the Second Vatican Council until its conclusion in 1965 . At Hans_Kueng instigation , the Catholic Faculty at Tübingen appointed Ratzinger as professor of dogmatics . However , due to the 1968 students revolt , Ratzinger moved to the university of Regensburg , ending the cooperation between the two . eos
was appointed peritus by Pope John XXIII , serving as an expert theological advisor to members of the Second Vatican Council until its conclusion in 1965 . At Hans_Kueng instigation , the Catholic Faculty at Tübingen appointed Ratzinger as professor of dogmatics . However , due to the 1968 students revolt , Ratzinger moved to the university of Regensburg , ending the cooperation between the two . eos
instigation , the Catholic Faculty at Tübingen appointed Ratzinger as professor of dogmatics . However , due to the 1968 students revolt , Ratzinger moved to the university of Regensburg , ending the cooperation between the two . In the late 1960s Hans_Kueng became the first major Roman Catholic theologian after the late 19th century Old Catholic Church schism to reject the doctrine of papal infallibility , in particular in Hans_Kueng book Infallible ? eos
became the first major Roman Catholic theologian after the late 19th century Old Catholic Church schism to reject the doctrine of papal infallibility , in particular in Hans_Kueng book Infallible ? An Inquiry ( 1971 ) . Consequently , on december 18 , 1979 , Hans_Kueng was stripped of Hans_Kueng license to teach as a Roman Catholic theologian but Hans_Kueng carried on teaching as a tenured professor of ecumenical theology at the University of Tübingen until Hans_Kueng retirement ( Emeritierung ) in 1996 . eos
book Infallible ? An Inquiry ( 1971 ) . Consequently , on december 18 , 1979 , Hans_Kueng was stripped of Hans_Kueng license to teach as a Roman Catholic theologian but Hans_Kueng carried on teaching as a tenured professor of ecumenical theology at the University of Tübingen until Hans_Kueng retirement ( Emeritierung ) in 1996 . eos
was stripped of Hans_Kueng license to teach as a Roman Catholic theologian but Hans_Kueng carried on teaching as a tenured professor of ecumenical theology at the University of Tübingen until Hans_Kueng retirement ( Emeritierung ) in 1996 . To this day Hans_Kueng remains a persistent critic of papal authority , which Hans_Kueng claims is man - made ( and thus reversible ) rather than instituted by God . Hans_Kueng was not excommunicated and Hans_Kueng remains a Roman Catholic priest . eos
license to teach as a Roman Catholic theologian but Hans_Kueng carried on teaching as a tenured professor of ecumenical theology at the University of Tübingen until Hans_Kueng retirement ( Emeritierung ) in 1996 . To this day Hans_Kueng remains a persistent critic of papal authority , which Hans_Kueng claims is man - made ( and thus reversible ) rather than instituted by God . Hans_Kueng was not excommunicated and Hans_Kueng remains a Roman Catholic priest . eos
carried on teaching as a tenured professor of ecumenical theology at the University of Tübingen until Hans_Kueng retirement ( Emeritierung ) in 1996 . To this day Hans_Kueng remains a persistent critic of papal authority , which Hans_Kueng claims is man - made ( and thus reversible ) rather than instituted by God . Hans_Kueng was not excommunicated and Hans_Kueng remains a Roman Catholic priest . eos
retirement ( Emeritierung ) in 1996 . To this day Hans_Kueng remains a persistent critic of papal authority , which Hans_Kueng claims is man - made ( and thus reversible ) rather than instituted by God . Hans_Kueng was not excommunicated and Hans_Kueng remains a Roman Catholic priest . eos
remains a persistent critic of papal authority , which Hans_Kueng claims is man - made ( and thus reversible ) rather than instituted by God . Hans_Kueng was not excommunicated and Hans_Kueng remains a Roman Catholic priest . In the early 1990s Hans_Kueng initiated a project called Weltethos ( Global Ethic ) , which is an attempt at describing what the world religions have in common ( rather than what separates them ) and at drawing up a minimal code of rules of behaviour everyone can accept . eos
claims is man - made ( and thus reversible ) rather than instituted by God . Hans_Kueng was not excommunicated and Hans_Kueng remains a Roman Catholic priest . In the early 1990s Hans_Kueng initiated a project called Weltethos ( Global Ethic ) , which is an attempt at describing what the world religions have in common ( rather than what separates them ) and at drawing up a minimal code of rules of behaviour everyone can accept . eos
was not excommunicated and Hans_Kueng remains a Roman Catholic priest . In the early 1990s Hans_Kueng initiated a project called Weltethos ( Global Ethic ) , which is an attempt at describing what the world religions have in common ( rather than what separates them ) and at drawing up a minimal code of rules of behaviour everyone can accept . Hans_Kueng vision of a global ethic was embodied in the document for which Hans_Kueng wrote the initial draft , Towards a Global Ethic : eos
remains a Roman Catholic priest . In the early 1990s Hans_Kueng initiated a project called Weltethos ( Global Ethic ) , which is an attempt at describing what the world religions have in common ( rather than what separates them ) and at drawing up a minimal code of rules of behaviour everyone can accept . Hans_Kueng vision of a global ethic was embodied in the document for which Hans_Kueng wrote the initial draft , Towards a Global Ethic : eos
initiated a project called Weltethos ( Global Ethic ) , which is an attempt at describing what the world religions have in common ( rather than what separates them ) and at drawing up a minimal code of rules of behaviour everyone can accept . Hans_Kueng vision of a global ethic was embodied in the document for which Hans_Kueng wrote the initial draft , Towards a Global Ethic : An Initial Declaration . eos
vision of a global ethic was embodied in the document for which Hans_Kueng wrote the initial draft , Towards a Global Ethic : An Initial Declaration . This Declaration was signed at the 1993 Parliament of the World 's Religions by many religious and spiritual leaders from around the world . eos
wrote the initial draft , Towards a Global Ethic : An Initial Declaration . This Declaration was signed at the 1993 Parliament of the World 's Religions by many religious and spiritual leaders from around the world . eos
project would culminate into the UN 's ` ` Dialogue among Civilizations '' to which Hans_Kueng was assigned as one of 19 ` ` eminent persons . '' Even though completed shortly after the terrorist attacks of 9/11 ( in november 2001 ) , there was no coverage in the US media , something about which Hans_Kueng complained . Based on ` ` Studium Generale '' lectures at Tübingen University , Hans_Kueng latest publication Der Anfang aller Dinge ( ` ` The beginning of all things '' ) discusses the relationship between science and religion . eos
was assigned as one of 19 ` ` eminent persons . '' Even though completed shortly after the terrorist attacks of 9/11 ( in november 2001 ) , there was no coverage in the US media , something about which Hans_Kueng complained . Based on ` ` Studium Generale '' lectures at Tübingen University , Hans_Kueng latest publication Der Anfang aller Dinge ( ` ` The beginning of all things '' ) discusses the relationship between science and religion . eos
complained . Based on ` ` Studium Generale '' lectures at Tübingen University , Hans_Kueng latest publication Der Anfang aller Dinge ( ` ` The beginning of all things '' ) discusses the relationship between science and religion . In an analysis spanning from quantum physics to neuroscience , Hans_Kueng comments on the current debate about evolution in the United States , dismissing those opposed to the teaching of evolution as ` ` naive "" and "" un - enlightened . '' eos
latest publication Der Anfang aller Dinge ( ` ` The beginning of all things '' ) discusses the relationship between science and religion . In an analysis spanning from quantum physics to neuroscience , Hans_Kueng comments on the current debate about evolution in the United States , dismissing those opposed to the teaching of evolution as ` ` naive "" and "" un - enlightened . '' On september 26 , 2005 Hans_Kueng had a friendly discussion about Catholic theology over dinner with Pope Benedict XVI , surprising some observers . eos
comments on the current debate about evolution in the United States , dismissing those opposed to the teaching of evolution as ` ` naive "" and "" un - enlightened . '' On september 26 , 2005 Hans_Kueng had a friendly discussion about Catholic theology over dinner with Pope Benedict XVI , surprising some observers . eos
had a friendly discussion about Catholic theology over dinner with Pope Benedict XVI , surprising some observers . eos
, PhD , ( born july 11 , 1930 ) is an American professor and prominent literary and cultural critic . Harold_Bloom defended 19th - century Romantic poets at a time when their reputations stood at a low ebb , Harold_Bloom has constructed controversial theories of poetic influence , and Harold_Bloom advocates an aesthetic approach to literature against Feminist , Marxist , New Historicist , Post - modernist , and other methods of academic literary criticism . Harold_Bloom is currently a Sterling Professor of the Humanities at Yale University and Berg Professor of English and American Literature at New York University . eos
defended 19th - century Romantic poets at a time when their reputations stood at a low ebb , Harold_Bloom has constructed controversial theories of poetic influence , and Harold_Bloom advocates an aesthetic approach to literature against Feminist , Marxist , New Historicist , Post - modernist , and other methods of academic literary criticism . Harold_Bloom is currently a Sterling Professor of the Humanities at Yale University and Berg Professor of English and American Literature at New York University . eos
has constructed controversial theories of poetic influence , and Harold_Bloom advocates an aesthetic approach to literature against Feminist , Marxist , New Historicist , Post - modernist , and other methods of academic literary criticism . Harold_Bloom is currently a Sterling Professor of the Humanities at Yale University and Berg Professor of English and American Literature at New York University . eos
advocates an aesthetic approach to literature against Feminist , Marxist , New Historicist , Post - modernist , and other methods of academic literary criticism . Harold_Bloom is currently a Sterling Professor of the Humanities at Yale University and Berg Professor of English and American Literature at New York University . eos
is currently a Sterling Professor of the Humanities at Yale University and Berg Professor of English and American Literature at New York University . eos
( june 7 , 1886 - november 25 , 1972 ) ( IPA : / ɐʁi maʁi kwandə / ) was a Romanian inventor , aerodynamics pioneer and the parent of the modern jet aircraft . eos
( May 8 , 1828 in Geneva - october 30 , 1910 in Heiden ) , also known as Henry Dunant or Henri Dunant , was a Swiss businessman and social activist . During a business trip in 1859 , Henry_Dunant was witness to the aftermath of the Battle of Solferino in modern day Italy . Henry_Dunant recorded Henry_Dunant memories and experiences in the book ` ` A Memory of Solferino '' which became the inspiration for the creation of the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) . eos
was witness to the aftermath of the Battle of Solferino in modern day Italy . Henry_Dunant recorded Henry_Dunant memories and experiences in the book ` ` A Memory of Solferino '' which became the inspiration for the creation of the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) . The 1864 Geneva Convention was based on Henry_Dunant ideas and in 1901 Henry_Dunant received the first Nobel Peace Prize together with Frédéric Passy . eos
recorded Henry_Dunant memories and experiences in the book ` ` A Memory of Solferino '' which became the inspiration for the creation of the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) . The 1864 Geneva Convention was based on Henry_Dunant ideas and in 1901 Henry_Dunant received the first Nobel Peace Prize together with Frédéric Passy . eos
memories and experiences in the book ` ` A Memory of Solferino '' which became the inspiration for the creation of the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) . The 1864 Geneva Convention was based on Henry_Dunant ideas and in 1901 Henry_Dunant received the first Nobel Peace Prize together with Frédéric Passy . eos
ideas and in 1901 Henry_Dunant received the first Nobel Peace Prize together with Frédéric Passy . eos
received the first Nobel Peace Prize together with Frédéric Passy . eos
( 5 march 1133 - 6 july 1189 ) ruled as Count of Anjou , Duke of Normandy , and as King of England ( 1154 - 1189 ) and , at various times , Henry_II_of_England controlled parts of Wales , Scotland , eastern Ireland , and western France . Henry_II_of_England sobriquets include ` ` Curt Mantle '' ( because of the practical short cloaks Henry_II_of_England wore ) , ` ` Fitz Empress '' , and sometimes ` ` The Lion of Justice '' , which had also applied to Henry_II_of_England grandfather Henry eos
controlled parts of Wales , Scotland , eastern Ireland , and western France . Henry_II_of_England sobriquets include ` ` Curt Mantle '' ( because of the practical short cloaks Henry_II_of_England wore ) , ` ` Fitz Empress '' , and sometimes ` ` The Lion of Justice '' , which had also applied to Henry_II_of_England grandfather Henry eos
sobriquets include ` ` Curt Mantle '' ( because of the practical short cloaks Henry_II_of_England wore ) , ` ` Fitz Empress '' , and sometimes ` ` The Lion of Justice '' , which had also applied to Henry_II_of_England grandfather Henry I Henry_II_of_England ranks as the first of the Plantagenet or Angevin Kings . eos
wore ) , ` ` Fitz Empress '' , and sometimes ` ` The Lion of Justice '' , which had also applied to Henry_II_of_England grandfather Henry I Henry_II_of_England ranks as the first of the Plantagenet or Angevin Kings . eos
grandfather Henry I Henry_II_of_England ranks as the first of the Plantagenet or Angevin Kings . eos
ranks as the first of the Plantagenet or Angevin Kings . Following the disputed reign of King Stephen , Henry_II_of_England reign saw efficient consolidation . Henry_II_of_England has acquired a reputation as one of England 's greatest medieval kings . eos
reign saw efficient consolidation . Henry_II_of_England has acquired a reputation as one of England 's greatest medieval kings . eos
has acquired a reputation as one of England 's greatest medieval kings . eos
( born september 16,1950 , Piedmont , West Virginia , United States ) is a literary critic , educator , scholar , writer , editor , and public intellectual . Henry_Louis_Gates_Jr currently serves as the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor at Harvard University , where Henry_Louis_Gates_Jr is Chair of the African and African American Studies Department and Director of the WEB . Du Bois Institute for African and African American Research . eos
currently serves as the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor at Harvard University , where Henry_Louis_Gates_Jr is Chair of the African and African American Studies Department and Director of the WEB . Du Bois Institute for African and African American Research . eos
is Chair of the African and African American Studies Department and Director of the WEB . Du Bois Institute for African and African American Research . eos
( 28 june 1491 - 28 january 1547 ) was King of England and Lord of Ireland from 22 april 1509 until Henry_VIII_of_England death . Henry_VIII_of_England was the second monarch of the Tudor dynasty , succeeding Henry_VIII_of_England father , Henry VII . Henry_VIII_of_England is famous for having been married six times to have a son , ` ` divorcing '' two by execution , and ultimately breaking with Rome . eos
death . Henry_VIII_of_England was the second monarch of the Tudor dynasty , succeeding Henry_VIII_of_England father , Henry VII . Henry_VIII_of_England is famous for having been married six times to have a son , ` ` divorcing '' two by execution , and ultimately breaking with Rome . eos
was the second monarch of the Tudor dynasty , succeeding Henry_VIII_of_England father , Henry VII . Henry_VIII_of_England is famous for having been married six times to have a son , ` ` divorcing '' two by execution , and ultimately breaking with Rome . Henry_VIII_of_England wielded perhaps the most untrammelled power of any English monarch , and Henry_VIII_of_England brought about the Dissolution of the Monasteries , and the union of England and Wales . eos
father , Henry VII . Henry_VIII_of_England is famous for having been married six times to have a son , ` ` divorcing '' two by execution , and ultimately breaking with Rome . Henry_VIII_of_England wielded perhaps the most untrammelled power of any English monarch , and Henry_VIII_of_England brought about the Dissolution of the Monasteries , and the union of England and Wales . eos
is famous for having been married six times to have a son , ` ` divorcing '' two by execution , and ultimately breaking with Rome . Henry_VIII_of_England wielded perhaps the most untrammelled power of any English monarch , and Henry_VIII_of_England brought about the Dissolution of the Monasteries , and the union of England and Wales . Several significant pieces of legislation were enacted during Henry_VIII_of_England reign . eos
wielded perhaps the most untrammelled power of any English monarch , and Henry_VIII_of_England brought about the Dissolution of the Monasteries , and the union of England and Wales . Several significant pieces of legislation were enacted during Henry_VIII_of_England reign . They included the several Acts which severed the English Church from the Roman Catholic Church and established Henry_VIII_of_England as the supreme head of the Church in England ; the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 - 1542 , which brought the law in Wales in line with that in England ; the Buggery Act 1533 , the first anti - sodomy enactment in England ; and the Witchcraft Act 1542 , which punished ` invoking or conjuring an evil spirit ' with death . eos
brought about the Dissolution of the Monasteries , and the union of England and Wales . Several significant pieces of legislation were enacted during Henry_VIII_of_England reign . They included the several Acts which severed the English Church from the Roman Catholic Church and established Henry_VIII_of_England as the supreme head of the Church in England ; the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 - 1542 , which brought the law in Wales in line with that in England ; the Buggery Act 1533 , the first anti - sodomy enactment in England ; and the Witchcraft Act 1542 , which punished ` invoking or conjuring an evil spirit ' with death . eos
reign . They included the several Acts which severed the English Church from the Roman Catholic Church and established Henry_VIII_of_England as the supreme head of the Church in England ; the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 - 1542 , which brought the law in Wales in line with that in England ; the Buggery Act 1533 , the first anti - sodomy enactment in England ; and the Witchcraft Act 1542 , which punished ` invoking or conjuring an evil spirit ' with death . Henry_VIII_of_England is known to have been an avid gambler and dice player . eos
as the supreme head of the Church in England ; the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 - 1542 , which brought the law in Wales in line with that in England ; the Buggery Act 1533 , the first anti - sodomy enactment in England ; and the Witchcraft Act 1542 , which punished ` invoking or conjuring an evil spirit ' with death . Henry_VIII_of_England is known to have been an avid gambler and dice player . In Henry_VIII_of_England youth , Henry_VIII_of_England excelled at sports , especially jousting , hunting , and royal tennis . eos
is known to have been an avid gambler and dice player . In Henry_VIII_of_England youth , Henry_VIII_of_England excelled at sports , especially jousting , hunting , and royal tennis . Henry_VIII_of_England was also an accomplished musician , author , and poet ; Henry_VIII_of_England best known piece of music is Pastyme With Good Company eos
youth , Henry_VIII_of_England excelled at sports , especially jousting , hunting , and royal tennis . Henry_VIII_of_England was also an accomplished musician , author , and poet ; Henry_VIII_of_England best known piece of music is Pastyme With Good Company ( The Kynges Ballade ) . eos
excelled at sports , especially jousting , hunting , and royal tennis . Henry_VIII_of_England was also an accomplished musician , author , and poet ; Henry_VIII_of_England best known piece of music is Pastyme With Good Company ( The Kynges Ballade ) . eos
was also an accomplished musician , author , and poet ; Henry_VIII_of_England best known piece of music is Pastyme With Good Company ( The Kynges Ballade ) . Henry_VIII_of_England was also involved in the original construction and improvement of several significant buildings , including Nonsuch Palace , King 's College Chapel in Cambridge and Westminster Abbey in London - the existing buildings improved were often properties confiscated from Wolsey ( such as Christ Church , Oxford , Hampton Court Palace , palace of Whitehall ) and Trinity College , Cambridge . eos
best known piece of music is Pastyme With Good Company ( The Kynges Ballade ) . Henry_VIII_of_England was also involved in the original construction and improvement of several significant buildings , including Nonsuch Palace , King 's College Chapel in Cambridge and Westminster Abbey in London - the existing buildings improved were often properties confiscated from Wolsey ( such as Christ Church , Oxford , Hampton Court Palace , palace of Whitehall ) and Trinity College , Cambridge . eos
was also involved in the original construction and improvement of several significant buildings , including Nonsuch Palace , King 's College Chapel in Cambridge and Westminster Abbey in London - the existing buildings improved were often properties confiscated from Wolsey ( such as Christ Church , Oxford , Hampton Court Palace , palace of Whitehall ) and Trinity College , Cambridge . eos
( 16 september 1387 - 31 august 1422 ) was one of the great warrior kings of the Middle Ages . Henry_V_of_England was born at Monmouth , Wales , on 9 august 1386 or 16 september 1387 , and Henry_V_of_England reigned as King of England from 1413 to 1422 . Henry_V_of_England was son of Henry of Bolingbroke , later Henry IV , and Mary de Bohun , who died before Bolingbroke became king . eos
was born at Monmouth , Wales , on 9 august 1386 or 16 september 1387 , and Henry_V_of_England reigned as King of England from 1413 to 1422 . Henry_V_of_England was son of Henry of Bolingbroke , later Henry IV , and Mary de Bohun , who died before Bolingbroke became king . At the time of Henry_V_of_England birth during the reign of Richard II , Henry_V_of_England was fairly far removed from the throne , preceded by the King and another preceding collateral line of heirs . eos
reigned as King of England from 1413 to 1422 . Henry_V_of_England was son of Henry of Bolingbroke , later Henry IV , and Mary de Bohun , who died before Bolingbroke became king . At the time of Henry_V_of_England birth during the reign of Richard II , Henry_V_of_England was fairly far removed from the throne , preceded by the King and another preceding collateral line of heirs . eos
was son of Henry of Bolingbroke , later Henry IV , and Mary de Bohun , who died before Bolingbroke became king . At the time of Henry_V_of_England birth during the reign of Richard II , Henry_V_of_England was fairly far removed from the throne , preceded by the King and another preceding collateral line of heirs . The precise date and even year of Henry_V_of_England birth are therefore not definitely recorded . eos
birth during the reign of Richard II , Henry_V_of_England was fairly far removed from the throne , preceded by the King and another preceding collateral line of heirs . The precise date and even year of Henry_V_of_England birth are therefore not definitely recorded . By the time Henry_V_of_England died , Henry_V_of_England had not only consolidated power as the King of England but Henry_V_of_England had also effectively accomplished what generations of Henry_V_of_England ancestors had failed to achieve through decades of war : unification of the crowns of England and France in a single person . eos
was fairly far removed from the throne , preceded by the King and another preceding collateral line of heirs . The precise date and even year of Henry_V_of_England birth are therefore not definitely recorded . By the time Henry_V_of_England died , Henry_V_of_England had not only consolidated power as the King of England but Henry_V_of_England had also effectively accomplished what generations of Henry_V_of_England ancestors had failed to achieve through decades of war : unification of the crowns of England and France in a single person . eos
birth are therefore not definitely recorded . By the time Henry_V_of_England died , Henry_V_of_England had not only consolidated power as the King of England but Henry_V_of_England had also effectively accomplished what generations of Henry_V_of_England ancestors had failed to achieve through decades of war : unification of the crowns of England and France in a single person . eos
had also effectively accomplished what generations of Henry_V_of_England ancestors had failed to achieve through decades of war : unification of the crowns of England and France in a single person . eos
ancestors had failed to achieve through decades of war : unification of the crowns of England and France in a single person . eos
died , Henry_V_of_England had not only consolidated power as the King of England but Henry_V_of_England had also effectively accomplished what generations of Henry_V_of_England ancestors had failed to achieve through decades of war : unification of the crowns of England and France in a single person . eos
had not only consolidated power as the King of England but Henry_V_of_England had also effectively accomplished what generations of Henry_V_of_England ancestors had failed to achieve through decades of war : unification of the crowns of England and France in a single person . eos
, Marqués del Valle de Oaxaca ( 1485-december 2 , 1547 ) was the conquistador Hernan_Cortes became famous for leading the military expedition that initiated the Spanish Conquest of Mexico . Hernan_Cortes was part of the generation of European colonizers that began the first phase of the Spanish colonization of the Americas . Hernan_Cortes was known as Hernando or Fernando Cortés during Hernan_Cortes lifetime and Hernan_Cortes signed all Hernan_Cortes letters Fernán Cortés . eos
became famous for leading the military expedition that initiated the Spanish Conquest of Mexico . Hernan_Cortes was part of the generation of European colonizers that began the first phase of the Spanish colonization of the Americas . Hernan_Cortes was known as Hernando or Fernando Cortés during Hernan_Cortes lifetime and Hernan_Cortes signed all Hernan_Cortes letters Fernán Cortés . eos
was part of the generation of European colonizers that began the first phase of the Spanish colonization of the Americas . Hernan_Cortes was known as Hernando or Fernando Cortés during Hernan_Cortes lifetime and Hernan_Cortes signed all Hernan_Cortes letters Fernán Cortés . Born in Medellin , Extremadura , in Castile , to a family of lesser nobility , Hernan_Cortes as a young man chose to win a livelihood in the New World . eos
was known as Hernando or Fernando Cortés during Hernan_Cortes lifetime and Hernan_Cortes signed all Hernan_Cortes letters Fernán Cortés . Born in Medellin , Extremadura , in Castile , to a family of lesser nobility , Hernan_Cortes as a young man chose to win a livelihood in the New World . Hernan_Cortes went to Hispaniola and later to Cuba , where Hernan_Cortes received an encomienda and for a period Hernan_Cortes became mayor of a small town . eos
lifetime and Hernan_Cortes signed all Hernan_Cortes letters Fernán Cortés . Born in Medellin , Extremadura , in Castile , to a family of lesser nobility , Hernan_Cortes as a young man chose to win a livelihood in the New World . Hernan_Cortes went to Hispaniola and later to Cuba , where Hernan_Cortes received an encomienda and for a period Hernan_Cortes became mayor of a small town . eos
signed all Hernan_Cortes letters Fernán Cortés . Born in Medellin , Extremadura , in Castile , to a family of lesser nobility , Hernan_Cortes as a young man chose to win a livelihood in the New World . Hernan_Cortes went to Hispaniola and later to Cuba , where Hernan_Cortes received an encomienda and for a period Hernan_Cortes became mayor of a small town . eos
letters Fernán Cortés . Born in Medellin , Extremadura , in Castile , to a family of lesser nobility , Hernan_Cortes as a young man chose to win a livelihood in the New World . Hernan_Cortes went to Hispaniola and later to Cuba , where Hernan_Cortes received an encomienda and for a period Hernan_Cortes became mayor of a small town . eos
as a young man chose to win a livelihood in the New World . Hernan_Cortes went to Hispaniola and later to Cuba , where Hernan_Cortes received an encomienda and for a period Hernan_Cortes became mayor of a small town . In 1519 Hernan_Cortes was elected captain of the third expedition to the mainland , an expedition which Hernan_Cortes partly funded . eos
received an encomienda and for a period Hernan_Cortes became mayor of a small town . In 1519 Hernan_Cortes was elected captain of the third expedition to the mainland , an expedition which Hernan_Cortes partly funded . Hernan_Cortes enmity with the governor of Cuba Diego Velázquez resulted in the latter calling back the expedition in the last moment , an order which was ignored by Hernan_Cortes in an act of disobedience . eos
became mayor of a small town . In 1519 Hernan_Cortes was elected captain of the third expedition to the mainland , an expedition which Hernan_Cortes partly funded . Hernan_Cortes enmity with the governor of Cuba Diego Velázquez resulted in the latter calling back the expedition in the last moment , an order which was ignored by Hernan_Cortes in an act of disobedience . eos
went to Hispaniola and later to Cuba , where Hernan_Cortes received an encomienda and for a period Hernan_Cortes became mayor of a small town . In 1519 Hernan_Cortes was elected captain of the third expedition to the mainland , an expedition which Hernan_Cortes partly funded . Hernan_Cortes enmity with the governor of Cuba Diego Velázquez resulted in the latter calling back the expedition in the last moment , an order which was ignored by Hernan_Cortes in an act of disobedience . eos
was elected captain of the third expedition to the mainland , an expedition which Hernan_Cortes partly funded . Hernan_Cortes enmity with the governor of Cuba Diego Velázquez resulted in the latter calling back the expedition in the last moment , an order which was ignored by Hernan_Cortes in an act of disobedience . Arriving on the continent Hernan_Cortes executed a successful strategy of allying with some indigenous peoples against others . eos
partly funded . Hernan_Cortes enmity with the governor of Cuba Diego Velázquez resulted in the latter calling back the expedition in the last moment , an order which was ignored by Hernan_Cortes in an act of disobedience . Arriving on the continent Hernan_Cortes executed a successful strategy of allying with some indigenous peoples against others . eos
enmity with the governor of Cuba Diego Velázquez resulted in the latter calling back the expedition in the last moment , an order which was ignored by Hernan_Cortes in an act of disobedience . Arriving on the continent Hernan_Cortes executed a successful strategy of allying with some indigenous peoples against others . Hernan_Cortes also successfully used a native woman , Doña Marina , as interpreter and later she became mother of a son to Hernan_Cortes . eos
in an act of disobedience . Arriving on the continent Hernan_Cortes executed a successful strategy of allying with some indigenous peoples against others . Hernan_Cortes also successfully used a native woman , Doña Marina , as interpreter and later she became mother of a son to Hernan_Cortes . eos
executed a successful strategy of allying with some indigenous peoples against others . Hernan_Cortes also successfully used a native woman , Doña Marina , as interpreter and later she became mother of a son to Hernan_Cortes . When the Governor of Cuba sent emissaries to arrest Hernan_Cortes Hernan_Cortes fought them and Hernan_Cortes won and eos
also successfully used a native woman , Doña Marina , as interpreter and later she became mother of a son to Hernan_Cortes . When the Governor of Cuba sent emissaries to arrest Hernan_Cortes Hernan_Cortes fought them and Hernan_Cortes won and Hernan_Cortes used the extra troops as reinforcements . eos
. When the Governor of Cuba sent emissaries to arrest Hernan_Cortes Hernan_Cortes fought them and Hernan_Cortes won and Hernan_Cortes used the extra troops as reinforcements . eos
Hernan_Cortes fought them and Hernan_Cortes won and Hernan_Cortes used the extra troops as reinforcements . Instead Hernan_Cortes wrote letters directly to the king asking to be acknowledged for Hernan_Cortes successes instead of punished for mutiny . eos
fought them and Hernan_Cortes won and Hernan_Cortes used the extra troops as reinforcements . Instead Hernan_Cortes wrote letters directly to the king asking to be acknowledged for Hernan_Cortes successes instead of punished for mutiny . eos
won and Hernan_Cortes used the extra troops as reinforcements . Instead Hernan_Cortes wrote letters directly to the king asking to be acknowledged for Hernan_Cortes successes instead of punished for mutiny . eos
used the extra troops as reinforcements . Instead Hernan_Cortes wrote letters directly to the king asking to be acknowledged for Hernan_Cortes successes instead of punished for mutiny . When the Aztec empire was overthrown Hernan_Cortes was awarded the title of Marques del Valle de Oaxaca , while the more prestigious titles of Viceroy was given to relatives of the king . eos
wrote letters directly to the king asking to be acknowledged for Hernan_Cortes successes instead of punished for mutiny . When the Aztec empire was overthrown Hernan_Cortes was awarded the title of Marques del Valle de Oaxaca , while the more prestigious titles of Viceroy was given to relatives of the king . Hernan_Cortes returned to Spain where Hernan_Cortes died peacefully but embittered . eos
successes instead of punished for mutiny . When the Aztec empire was overthrown Hernan_Cortes was awarded the title of Marques del Valle de Oaxaca , while the more prestigious titles of Viceroy was given to relatives of the king . Hernan_Cortes returned to Spain where Hernan_Cortes died peacefully but embittered . eos
was awarded the title of Marques del Valle de Oaxaca , while the more prestigious titles of Viceroy was given to relatives of the king . Hernan_Cortes returned to Spain where Hernan_Cortes died peacefully but embittered . Due to the controversial undertakings of Hernan_Cortes and the scarcity of reliable sources of information about Hernan_Cortes it has become difficult to assert anything definitive about Hernan_Cortes personality and motivations . eos
returned to Spain where Hernan_Cortes died peacefully but embittered . Due to the controversial undertakings of Hernan_Cortes and the scarcity of reliable sources of information about Hernan_Cortes it has become difficult to assert anything definitive about Hernan_Cortes personality and motivations . Early heroification of the conquistadors did not encourage deep examination of Hernan_Cortes . eos
died peacefully but embittered . Due to the controversial undertakings of Hernan_Cortes and the scarcity of reliable sources of information about Hernan_Cortes it has become difficult to assert anything definitive about Hernan_Cortes personality and motivations . Early heroification of the conquistadors did not encourage deep examination of Hernan_Cortes . eos
and the scarcity of reliable sources of information about Hernan_Cortes it has become difficult to assert anything definitive about Hernan_Cortes personality and motivations . Early heroification of the conquistadors did not encourage deep examination of Hernan_Cortes . Later reconsideration of the conquistadors ' character in the context of modern anti - colonial sentiment and greatly expanded concern for human rights , as typified by the Black Legend , also did little to expand our understanding of Hernan_Cortes tend to be simplistic , and either black or rosy coloured . eos
it has become difficult to assert anything definitive about Hernan_Cortes personality and motivations . Early heroification of the conquistadors did not encourage deep examination of Hernan_Cortes . Later reconsideration of the conquistadors ' character in the context of modern anti - colonial sentiment and greatly expanded concern for human rights , as typified by the Black Legend , also did little to expand our understanding of Hernan_Cortes tend to be simplistic , and either black or rosy coloured . eos
personality and motivations . Early heroification of the conquistadors did not encourage deep examination of Hernan_Cortes . Later reconsideration of the conquistadors ' character in the context of modern anti - colonial sentiment and greatly expanded concern for human rights , as typified by the Black Legend , also did little to expand our understanding of Hernan_Cortes tend to be simplistic , and either black or rosy coloured . eos
. Later reconsideration of the conquistadors ' character in the context of modern anti - colonial sentiment and greatly expanded concern for human rights , as typified by the Black Legend , also did little to expand our understanding of Hernan_Cortes tend to be simplistic , and either black or rosy coloured . eos
tend to be simplistic , and either black or rosy coloured . eos
, 1st Viscount Nelson , KB ( 29 september 1758 - 21 october 1805 ) was an English admiral famous for Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson participation in the Napoleonic Wars , most notably in the Battle of Trafalgar , where Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson lost Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson life . It was as a result of these wars that Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson became the greatest naval hero in the history of the United Kingdom , eclipsing Admiral Robert Blake in fame . Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson biography by the poet Robert Southey appeared in 1813 , while the wars were still being fought . eos
participation in the Napoleonic Wars , most notably in the Battle of Trafalgar , where Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson lost Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson life . It was as a result of these wars that Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson became the greatest naval hero in the history of the United Kingdom , eclipsing Admiral Robert Blake in fame . Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson biography by the poet Robert Southey appeared in 1813 , while the wars were still being fought . eos
lost Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson life . It was as a result of these wars that Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson became the greatest naval hero in the history of the United Kingdom , eclipsing Admiral Robert Blake in fame . Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson biography by the poet Robert Southey appeared in 1813 , while the wars were still being fought . eos
life . It was as a result of these wars that Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson became the greatest naval hero in the history of the United Kingdom , eclipsing Admiral Robert Blake in fame . Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson biography by the poet Robert Southey appeared in 1813 , while the wars were still being fought . eos
became the greatest naval hero in the history of the United Kingdom , eclipsing Admiral Robert Blake in fame . Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson biography by the poet Robert Southey appeared in 1813 , while the wars were still being fought . Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson love affair with Emma , Lady Hamilton , the wife of the British Ambassador to Naples , is also well - known , and Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson is honoured by the London landmark , Nelson 's Column , which stands in Trafalgar Square . eos
biography by the poet Robert Southey appeared in 1813 , while the wars were still being fought . Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson love affair with Emma , Lady Hamilton , the wife of the British Ambassador to Naples , is also well - known , and Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson is honoured by the London landmark , Nelson 's Column , which stands in Trafalgar Square . eos
love affair with Emma , Lady Hamilton , the wife of the British Ambassador to Naples , is also well - known , and Horatio_Nelson_1st_Viscount_Nelson is honoured by the London landmark , Nelson 's Column , which stands in Trafalgar Square . eos
is honoured by the London landmark , Nelson 's Column , which stands in Trafalgar Square . eos
( born in 1943 in Scranton , Pennsylvania ) is a psychologist Howard_Gardner is based at Harvard University . Howard_Gardner is best known for Howard_Gardner theory of multiple intelligences . eos
is based at Harvard University . Howard_Gardner is best known for Howard_Gardner theory of multiple intelligences . In 1981 , Howard_Gardner was awarded a MacArthur Prize Fellowship . eos
is best known for Howard_Gardner theory of multiple intelligences . In 1981 , Howard_Gardner was awarded a MacArthur Prize Fellowship . eos
theory of multiple intelligences . In 1981 , Howard_Gardner was awarded a MacArthur Prize Fellowship . eos
was awarded a MacArthur Prize Fellowship . eos
( "" Bulgarian : Христо Стоичков "" ) ( born february 8 , 1966 , in Plovdiv , Bulgaria ) is a football manager and former striker Hristo_Stoichkov was a member of the Bulgaria national team that finished fourth at the 1994 FIFA World Cup . Apart from Hristo_Stoichkov footballing talent , Hristo_Stoichkov was notable for Hristo_Stoichkov strong on - pitch temper . eos
was a member of the Bulgaria national team that finished fourth at the 1994 FIFA World Cup . Apart from Hristo_Stoichkov footballing talent , Hristo_Stoichkov was notable for Hristo_Stoichkov strong on - pitch temper . eos
footballing talent , Hristo_Stoichkov was notable for Hristo_Stoichkov strong on - pitch temper . eos
was notable for Hristo_Stoichkov strong on - pitch temper . eos
strong on - pitch temper . eos
( Huig de Groot , or Hugo de Groot ; Delft , 10 april 1583 - Rostock , 28 august 1645 ) worked as a jurist in the Dutch Republic and Hugo_Grotius laid the foundations for international law , based on natural law . Hugo_Grotius was also a philosopher , Christian apologist , playwright , and poet . eos
laid the foundations for international law , based on natural law . Hugo_Grotius was also a philosopher , Christian apologist , playwright , and poet . eos
was also a philosopher , Christian apologist , playwright , and poet . eos
( "" IPA : ˈbɛrjman "" in Swedish ) ( born july 14 , 1918 ) is a Swedish stage and film director Ingmar_Bergman is one of the key film auteurs of the second half of the twentieth century . eos
is one of the key film auteurs of the second half of the twentieth century . eos
KB ( 6 october , 1769 - october 13 , 1812 ) was a British Major - General and administrator . Isaac_Brock is best remembered as a brilliant leader and strategist for Isaac_Brock actions while stationed in the Canadian colonies . Isaac_Brock efforts earned Isaac_Brock a knighthood , accolades , and the moniker The Hero of Upper Canada . eos
is best remembered as a brilliant leader and strategist for Isaac_Brock actions while stationed in the Canadian colonies . Isaac_Brock efforts earned Isaac_Brock a knighthood , accolades , and the moniker The Hero of Upper Canada . Isaac_Brock was assigned to Canada in 1802 , and Isaac_Brock became responsible for defending the territory from the United States during the War of 1812 . eos
actions while stationed in the Canadian colonies . Isaac_Brock efforts earned Isaac_Brock a knighthood , accolades , and the moniker The Hero of Upper Canada . Isaac_Brock was assigned to Canada in 1802 , and Isaac_Brock became responsible for defending the territory from the United States during the War of 1812 . eos
efforts earned Isaac_Brock a knighthood , accolades , and the moniker The Hero of Upper Canada . Isaac_Brock was assigned to Canada in 1802 , and Isaac_Brock became responsible for defending the territory from the United States during the War of 1812 . While many in Canada and in Britain believed war could be averted , Isaac_Brock began readying the army and militia for what was to come . eos
a knighthood , accolades , and the moniker The Hero of Upper Canada . Isaac_Brock was assigned to Canada in 1802 , and Isaac_Brock became responsible for defending the territory from the United States during the War of 1812 . While many in Canada and in Britain believed war could be averted , Isaac_Brock began readying the army and militia for what was to come . eos
was assigned to Canada in 1802 , and Isaac_Brock became responsible for defending the territory from the United States during the War of 1812 . While many in Canada and in Britain believed war could be averted , Isaac_Brock began readying the army and militia for what was to come . When war broke out , the populace was prepared - and quick victories at Fort Mackinac and Detroit crippled American invasion efforts . eos
became responsible for defending the territory from the United States during the War of 1812 . While many in Canada and in Britain believed war could be averted , Isaac_Brock began readying the army and militia for what was to come . When war broke out , the populace was prepared - and quick victories at Fort Mackinac and Detroit crippled American invasion efforts . eos
began readying the army and militia for what was to come . When war broke out , the populace was prepared - and quick victories at Fort Mackinac and Detroit crippled American invasion efforts . During Isaac_Brock tenure Isaac_Brock faced desertions and near mutinies , Isaac_Brock was injured in battle and Isaac_Brock nearly died from fever . eos
faced desertions and near mutinies , Isaac_Brock was injured in battle and Isaac_Brock nearly died from fever . Isaac_Brock heroics earned Isaac_Brock membership in the Order of the Bath , and Isaac_Brock had the privilege of serving alongside Lord Nelson and Tecumseh . Isaac_Brock death in the Battle of Queenston Heights was a crushing blow to British leadership . eos
was injured in battle and Isaac_Brock nearly died from fever . Isaac_Brock heroics earned Isaac_Brock membership in the Order of the Bath , and Isaac_Brock had the privilege of serving alongside Lord Nelson and Tecumseh . Isaac_Brock death in the Battle of Queenston Heights was a crushing blow to British leadership . eos
nearly died from fever . Isaac_Brock heroics earned Isaac_Brock membership in the Order of the Bath , and Isaac_Brock had the privilege of serving alongside Lord Nelson and Tecumseh . Isaac_Brock death in the Battle of Queenston Heights was a crushing blow to British leadership . eos
tenure Isaac_Brock faced desertions and near mutinies , Isaac_Brock was injured in battle and Isaac_Brock nearly died from fever . Isaac_Brock heroics earned Isaac_Brock membership in the Order of the Bath , and Isaac_Brock had the privilege of serving alongside Lord Nelson and Tecumseh . Isaac_Brock death in the Battle of Queenston Heights was a crushing blow to British leadership . eos
heroics earned Isaac_Brock membership in the Order of the Bath , and Isaac_Brock had the privilege of serving alongside Lord Nelson and Tecumseh . Isaac_Brock death in the Battle of Queenston Heights was a crushing blow to British leadership . eos
membership in the Order of the Bath , and Isaac_Brock had the privilege of serving alongside Lord Nelson and Tecumseh . Isaac_Brock death in the Battle of Queenston Heights was a crushing blow to British leadership . eos
had the privilege of serving alongside Lord Nelson and Tecumseh . Isaac_Brock death in the Battle of Queenston Heights was a crushing blow to British leadership . eos
death in the Battle of Queenston Heights was a crushing blow to British leadership . eos
( april 22 1451 - november 26 1504 ) was Queen regnant of Castile and Leon . Isabella_of_Castile and Isabella_of_Castile husband , Ferdinand II of Aragon , laid the foundation for the political unification of Spain under their grandson , Carlos I of Spain eos
and Isabella_of_Castile husband , Ferdinand II of Aragon , laid the foundation for the political unification of Spain under their grandson , Carlos I of Spain ( Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor ) . eos
husband , Ferdinand II of Aragon , laid the foundation for the political unification of Spain under their grandson , Carlos I of Spain ( Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor ) . eos
, FRS ( 9 april 1806 - 15 september 1859 ) ( IPA : "" IPA : "" ˈɪzəmbɑ ( ɹ ) d ˈkɪŋdəm brʊˈnɛl "" "" ) , was an English engineer . Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel is best known for the creation of the Great Western Railway , a series of famous steamships , and numerous important bridges . eos
is best known for the creation of the Great Western Railway , a series of famous steamships , and numerous important bridges . Though Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel projects were not always successful , they often contained innovative solutions to long - standing engineering problems . During Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel short career , Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel achieved many engineering ` ` firsts '' , including assisting in the building of the first tunnel under a navigable river and development of the first propeller - driven ocean - going iron ship , which was at the time also the largest ship ever built . eos
projects were not always successful , they often contained innovative solutions to long - standing engineering problems . During Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel short career , Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel achieved many engineering ` ` firsts '' , including assisting in the building of the first tunnel under a navigable river and development of the first propeller - driven ocean - going iron ship , which was at the time also the largest ship ever built . Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel suffered several years of ill health , with kidney problems , before succumbing to a stroke at the age of 53 . eos
short career , Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel achieved many engineering ` ` firsts '' , including assisting in the building of the first tunnel under a navigable river and development of the first propeller - driven ocean - going iron ship , which was at the time also the largest ship ever built . Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel suffered several years of ill health , with kidney problems , before succumbing to a stroke at the age of 53 . Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel was said to smoke up to 40 cigars a day , and get by on only four hours of sleep a night . eos
achieved many engineering ` ` firsts '' , including assisting in the building of the first tunnel under a navigable river and development of the first propeller - driven ocean - going iron ship , which was at the time also the largest ship ever built . Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel suffered several years of ill health , with kidney problems , before succumbing to a stroke at the age of 53 . Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel was said to smoke up to 40 cigars a day , and get by on only four hours of sleep a night . eos
suffered several years of ill health , with kidney problems , before succumbing to a stroke at the age of 53 . Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel was said to smoke up to 40 cigars a day , and get by on only four hours of sleep a night . In 2006 , a major programme of events celebrated Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel life and work on the bicentenary of Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel birth under the name Brunel 200 . eos
was said to smoke up to 40 cigars a day , and get by on only four hours of sleep a night . In 2006 , a major programme of events celebrated Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel life and work on the bicentenary of Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel birth under the name Brunel 200 . eos
life and work on the bicentenary of Isambard_Kingdom_Brunel birth under the name Brunel 200 . eos
birth under the name Brunel 200 . eos
, OBE ( born july 31 , 1965 ) is an English fiction writer J.-K._Rowling writes under the pen name J K. Rowling . J.-K._Rowling is most famously known as the author of the Harry Potter fantasy series , which has gained international attention , won multiple awards , and sold over 300 million copies worldwide . In february 2004 , Forbes magazine estimated J.-K._Rowling fortune at £ 576 million ( just over US$ 1 billion ) , making J.-K._Rowling the first person to become a US - dollar billionaire by writing books . eos
writes under the pen name J K. Rowling . J.-K._Rowling is most famously known as the author of the Harry Potter fantasy series , which has gained international attention , won multiple awards , and sold over 300 million copies worldwide . In february 2004 , Forbes magazine estimated J.-K._Rowling fortune at £ 576 million ( just over US$ 1 billion ) , making J.-K._Rowling the first person to become a US - dollar billionaire by writing books . eos
is most famously known as the author of the Harry Potter fantasy series , which has gained international attention , won multiple awards , and sold over 300 million copies worldwide . In february 2004 , Forbes magazine estimated J.-K._Rowling fortune at £ 576 million ( just over US$ 1 billion ) , making J.-K._Rowling the first person to become a US - dollar billionaire by writing books . eos
fortune at £ 576 million ( just over US$ 1 billion ) , making J.-K._Rowling the first person to become a US - dollar billionaire by writing books . eos
the first person to become a US - dollar billionaire by writing books . eos
CBE ( 3 january 1892 - 2 september 1973 ) was a British writer and university professor J._R._R._Tolkien is best known as the author of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings . J._R._R._Tolkien was an Oxford professor of Anglo - Saxon language ( 1925 to 1945 ) and English language and literature ( 1945 to 1959 ) . J._R._R._Tolkien was a strongly committed Roman Catholic . eos
is best known as the author of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings . J._R._R._Tolkien was an Oxford professor of Anglo - Saxon language ( 1925 to 1945 ) and English language and literature ( 1945 to 1959 ) . J._R._R._Tolkien was a strongly committed Roman Catholic . eos
was an Oxford professor of Anglo - Saxon language ( 1925 to 1945 ) and English language and literature ( 1945 to 1959 ) . J._R._R._Tolkien was a strongly committed Roman Catholic . J._R._R._Tolkien was a close friend of C S. Lewis ; they were both members of the informal literary discussion group known as the Inklings . eos
was a strongly committed Roman Catholic . J._R._R._Tolkien was a close friend of C S. Lewis ; they were both members of the informal literary discussion group known as the Inklings . In addition to The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings , J._R._R._Tolkien published fiction includes The Silmarillion and other posthumously published books about what J._R._R._Tolkien called a legendarium , a connected body of tales , fictional histories , invented languages , and other literary essays about an imagined world called Arda , and Middle - earth ( derived from middangeard , the lands inhabitable by Men ) in particular , loosely identified as an ` ` alternative '' remote past of our own world . eos
was a close friend of C S. Lewis ; they were both members of the informal literary discussion group known as the Inklings . In addition to The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings , J._R._R._Tolkien published fiction includes The Silmarillion and other posthumously published books about what J._R._R._Tolkien called a legendarium , a connected body of tales , fictional histories , invented languages , and other literary essays about an imagined world called Arda , and Middle - earth ( derived from middangeard , the lands inhabitable by Men ) in particular , loosely identified as an ` ` alternative '' remote past of our own world . Most of these works were compiled from J._R._R._Tolkien notes by J._R._R._Tolkien son Christopher Tolkien . eos
published fiction includes The Silmarillion and other posthumously published books about what J._R._R._Tolkien called a legendarium , a connected body of tales , fictional histories , invented languages , and other literary essays about an imagined world called Arda , and Middle - earth ( derived from middangeard , the lands inhabitable by Men ) in particular , loosely identified as an ` ` alternative '' remote past of our own world . Most of these works were compiled from J._R._R._Tolkien notes by J._R._R._Tolkien son Christopher Tolkien . The enduring popularity and influence of J._R._R._Tolkien works have led to J._R._R._Tolkien being popularly identified as the ` ` father of modern fantasy literature '' ; though this title is strictly inaccurate since there were predecessors such as William Morris , Robert E Howard and E R. Eddison , J._R._R._Tolkien did have an indisputable and lasting effect on the field and related media . eos
called a legendarium , a connected body of tales , fictional histories , invented languages , and other literary essays about an imagined world called Arda , and Middle - earth ( derived from middangeard , the lands inhabitable by Men ) in particular , loosely identified as an ` ` alternative '' remote past of our own world . Most of these works were compiled from J._R._R._Tolkien notes by J._R._R._Tolkien son Christopher Tolkien . The enduring popularity and influence of J._R._R._Tolkien works have led to J._R._R._Tolkien being popularly identified as the ` ` father of modern fantasy literature '' ; though this title is strictly inaccurate since there were predecessors such as William Morris , Robert E Howard and E R. Eddison , J._R._R._Tolkien did have an indisputable and lasting effect on the field and related media . eos
notes by J._R._R._Tolkien son Christopher Tolkien . The enduring popularity and influence of J._R._R._Tolkien works have led to J._R._R._Tolkien being popularly identified as the ` ` father of modern fantasy literature '' ; though this title is strictly inaccurate since there were predecessors such as William Morris , Robert E Howard and E R. Eddison , J._R._R._Tolkien did have an indisputable and lasting effect on the field and related media . Many fantasy settings like Dungeons and Dragons and Warcraft owe something , directly or indirectly , to J._R._R._Tolkien . eos
son Christopher Tolkien . The enduring popularity and influence of J._R._R._Tolkien works have led to J._R._R._Tolkien being popularly identified as the ` ` father of modern fantasy literature '' ; though this title is strictly inaccurate since there were predecessors such as William Morris , Robert E Howard and E R. Eddison , J._R._R._Tolkien did have an indisputable and lasting effect on the field and related media . Many fantasy settings like Dungeons and Dragons and Warcraft owe something , directly or indirectly , to J._R._R._Tolkien . eos
works have led to J._R._R._Tolkien being popularly identified as the ` ` father of modern fantasy literature '' ; though this title is strictly inaccurate since there were predecessors such as William Morris , Robert E Howard and E R. Eddison , J._R._R._Tolkien did have an indisputable and lasting effect on the field and related media . Many fantasy settings like Dungeons and Dragons and Warcraft owe something , directly or indirectly , to J._R._R._Tolkien . J._R._R._Tolkien other published fiction includes stories not directly related to the legendarium , some of them originally told to J._R._R._Tolkien children . eos
being popularly identified as the ` ` father of modern fantasy literature '' ; though this title is strictly inaccurate since there were predecessors such as William Morris , Robert E Howard and E R. Eddison , J._R._R._Tolkien did have an indisputable and lasting effect on the field and related media . Many fantasy settings like Dungeons and Dragons and Warcraft owe something , directly or indirectly , to J._R._R._Tolkien . J._R._R._Tolkien other published fiction includes stories not directly related to the legendarium , some of them originally told to J._R._R._Tolkien children . eos
did have an indisputable and lasting effect on the field and related media . Many fantasy settings like Dungeons and Dragons and Warcraft owe something , directly or indirectly , to J._R._R._Tolkien . J._R._R._Tolkien other published fiction includes stories not directly related to the legendarium , some of them originally told to J._R._R._Tolkien children . eos
. J._R._R._Tolkien other published fiction includes stories not directly related to the legendarium , some of them originally told to J._R._R._Tolkien children . eos
other published fiction includes stories not directly related to the legendarium , some of them originally told to J._R._R._Tolkien children . eos
children . eos
( july 29 , 1874 - march 21 , 1942 ) was a pioneer in the Canadian social democratic movement . Following more than two decades ministering to the poor and the working class , J._S._Woodsworth left the church to lay the foundation for , and become the first leader of , the Cooperative Commonwealth Federation ( CCF ) , a social democratic party which later became the New Democratic Party ( NDP ) . eos
left the church to lay the foundation for , and become the first leader of , the Cooperative Commonwealth Federation ( CCF ) , a social democratic party which later became the New Democratic Party ( NDP ) . eos
( born 1934 ) is a prominent economist noted for Jagdish_Bhagwati defense of free trade against the critics of globalization . Jagdish_Bhagwati is a University Professor of Economics at Columbia University . eos
defense of free trade against the critics of globalization . Jagdish_Bhagwati is a University Professor of Economics at Columbia University . eos
is a University Professor of Economics at Columbia University . eos
( 13 june 1831 - 5 november 1879 ) was a Scottish mathematical physicist , born in Edinburgh . James_Clerk_Maxwell formulated a set of equations expressing the basic laws of electricity and magnetism and James_Clerk_Maxwell developed the Maxwell distribution in the kinetic theory of gases . James_Clerk_Maxwell was the last representative of a younger branch of the well - known Scottish family of Clerk of Penicuik . eos
formulated a set of equations expressing the basic laws of electricity and magnetism and James_Clerk_Maxwell developed the Maxwell distribution in the kinetic theory of gases . James_Clerk_Maxwell was the last representative of a younger branch of the well - known Scottish family of Clerk of Penicuik . James_Clerk_Maxwell is also credited with developing the first permanent colour photograph in 1861 . eos
developed the Maxwell distribution in the kinetic theory of gases . James_Clerk_Maxwell was the last representative of a younger branch of the well - known Scottish family of Clerk of Penicuik . James_Clerk_Maxwell is also credited with developing the first permanent colour photograph in 1861 . eos
was the last representative of a younger branch of the well - known Scottish family of Clerk of Penicuik . James_Clerk_Maxwell is also credited with developing the first permanent colour photograph in 1861 . James_Clerk_Maxwell had one of the finest mathematical minds of any theoretical physicist of James_Clerk_Maxwell time . eos
is also credited with developing the first permanent colour photograph in 1861 . James_Clerk_Maxwell had one of the finest mathematical minds of any theoretical physicist of James_Clerk_Maxwell time . James_Clerk_Maxwell is widely regarded as the nineteenth century scientist who had the greatest influence on twentieth century physics , making contributions to the fundamental models of nature . eos
had one of the finest mathematical minds of any theoretical physicist of James_Clerk_Maxwell time . James_Clerk_Maxwell is widely regarded as the nineteenth century scientist who had the greatest influence on twentieth century physics , making contributions to the fundamental models of nature . In 1931 , on the centennial anniversary of James_Clerk_Maxwell birthday , Einstein described James_Clerk_Maxwell work as the ` ` most profound and the most fruitful that physics has experienced since the time of Newton . '' eos
time . James_Clerk_Maxwell is widely regarded as the nineteenth century scientist who had the greatest influence on twentieth century physics , making contributions to the fundamental models of nature . In 1931 , on the centennial anniversary of James_Clerk_Maxwell birthday , Einstein described James_Clerk_Maxwell work as the ` ` most profound and the most fruitful that physics has experienced since the time of Newton . '' eos
is widely regarded as the nineteenth century scientist who had the greatest influence on twentieth century physics , making contributions to the fundamental models of nature . In 1931 , on the centennial anniversary of James_Clerk_Maxwell birthday , Einstein described James_Clerk_Maxwell work as the ` ` most profound and the most fruitful that physics has experienced since the time of Newton . '' Algebraic mathematics with elements of geometry are a feature of much of James_Clerk_Maxwell work . eos
work as the ` ` most profound and the most fruitful that physics has experienced since the time of Newton . '' Algebraic mathematics with elements of geometry are a feature of much of James_Clerk_Maxwell work . James_Clerk_Maxwell demonstrated that electric and magnetic forces are two complementary aspects of electromagnetism . eos
birthday , Einstein described James_Clerk_Maxwell work as the ` ` most profound and the most fruitful that physics has experienced since the time of Newton . '' Algebraic mathematics with elements of geometry are a feature of much of James_Clerk_Maxwell work . James_Clerk_Maxwell demonstrated that electric and magnetic forces are two complementary aspects of electromagnetism . eos
work . James_Clerk_Maxwell demonstrated that electric and magnetic forces are two complementary aspects of electromagnetism . James_Clerk_Maxwell showed that electric and magnetic fields travel through space , in the form of waves , at a constant velocity of 3.0 × 10 ^ 8 m / s . eos
demonstrated that electric and magnetic forces are two complementary aspects of electromagnetism . James_Clerk_Maxwell showed that electric and magnetic fields travel through space , in the form of waves , at a constant velocity of 3.0 × 10 ^ 8 m / s . James_Clerk_Maxwell also proposed that light was a form of electromagnetic radiation . eos
showed that electric and magnetic fields travel through space , in the form of waves , at a constant velocity of 3.0 × 10 ^ 8 m / s . James_Clerk_Maxwell also proposed that light was a form of electromagnetic radiation . eos
also proposed that light was a form of electromagnetic radiation . eos
FRS RN ( october 27 , 1728 ( OS ) - february 14 , 1779 ) was an English explorer , navigator and cartographer . Ultimately rising to the rank of Captain in the Royal Navy , James_Cook made three voyages to the Pacific Ocean , achieving the first European contact with the eastern coastline of Australia , the European discovery of the Hawaiian Islands , and the first recorded circumnavigation and mapping of Newfoundland and New Zealand . After service in the British merchant navy as a teenager , James_Cook joined the Royal Navy in 1755 , seeing action in the Seven Years ' War , and subsequently surveying and mapping much of the entrance to the Saint Lawrence River during the siege of Quebec . eos
made three voyages to the Pacific Ocean , achieving the first European contact with the eastern coastline of Australia , the European discovery of the Hawaiian Islands , and the first recorded circumnavigation and mapping of Newfoundland and New Zealand . After service in the British merchant navy as a teenager , James_Cook joined the Royal Navy in 1755 , seeing action in the Seven Years ' War , and subsequently surveying and mapping much of the entrance to the Saint Lawrence River during the siege of Quebec . This allowed General Wolfe to make his famous stealth attack on the Plains of Abraham , and helped to bring James_Cook to the attention of the Admiralty and Royal Society at a crucial moment both in James_Cook personal career and in the direction of British overseas discovery , and led to James_Cook commission as commander of the HM Bark Endeavour and the first of James_Cook three Pacific voyages in 1766 . eos
joined the Royal Navy in 1755 , seeing action in the Seven Years ' War , and subsequently surveying and mapping much of the entrance to the Saint Lawrence River during the siege of Quebec . This allowed General Wolfe to make his famous stealth attack on the Plains of Abraham , and helped to bring James_Cook to the attention of the Admiralty and Royal Society at a crucial moment both in James_Cook personal career and in the direction of British overseas discovery , and led to James_Cook commission as commander of the HM Bark Endeavour and the first of James_Cook three Pacific voyages in 1766 . James_Cook accurately charted many areas and James_Cook recorded several islands and coastlines on European maps for the first time . eos
to the attention of the Admiralty and Royal Society at a crucial moment both in James_Cook personal career and in the direction of British overseas discovery , and led to James_Cook commission as commander of the HM Bark Endeavour and the first of James_Cook three Pacific voyages in 1766 . James_Cook accurately charted many areas and James_Cook recorded several islands and coastlines on European maps for the first time . James_Cook huge achievements can be attributed to a combination of excellent seamanship , James_Cook superior surveying and cartographic skills , courage in exploring dangerous locations to confirm the facts ( eg dipping into the Antarctic circle repeatedly and exploring around the Great Barrier Reef ) , ability to lead men in adverse conditions , and boldness both with regard to the extent of James_Cook explorations and James_Cook willingness to exceed the instructions given to James_Cook by the Admiralty . eos
personal career and in the direction of British overseas discovery , and led to James_Cook commission as commander of the HM Bark Endeavour and the first of James_Cook three Pacific voyages in 1766 . James_Cook accurately charted many areas and James_Cook recorded several islands and coastlines on European maps for the first time . James_Cook huge achievements can be attributed to a combination of excellent seamanship , James_Cook superior surveying and cartographic skills , courage in exploring dangerous locations to confirm the facts ( eg dipping into the Antarctic circle repeatedly and exploring around the Great Barrier Reef ) , ability to lead men in adverse conditions , and boldness both with regard to the extent of James_Cook explorations and James_Cook willingness to exceed the instructions given to James_Cook by the Admiralty . eos
commission as commander of the HM Bark Endeavour and the first of James_Cook three Pacific voyages in 1766 . James_Cook accurately charted many areas and James_Cook recorded several islands and coastlines on European maps for the first time . James_Cook huge achievements can be attributed to a combination of excellent seamanship , James_Cook superior surveying and cartographic skills , courage in exploring dangerous locations to confirm the facts ( eg dipping into the Antarctic circle repeatedly and exploring around the Great Barrier Reef ) , ability to lead men in adverse conditions , and boldness both with regard to the extent of James_Cook explorations and James_Cook willingness to exceed the instructions given to James_Cook by the Admiralty . eos
three Pacific voyages in 1766 . James_Cook accurately charted many areas and James_Cook recorded several islands and coastlines on European maps for the first time . James_Cook huge achievements can be attributed to a combination of excellent seamanship , James_Cook superior surveying and cartographic skills , courage in exploring dangerous locations to confirm the facts ( eg dipping into the Antarctic circle repeatedly and exploring around the Great Barrier Reef ) , ability to lead men in adverse conditions , and boldness both with regard to the extent of James_Cook explorations and James_Cook willingness to exceed the instructions given to James_Cook by the Admiralty . eos
accurately charted many areas and James_Cook recorded several islands and coastlines on European maps for the first time . James_Cook huge achievements can be attributed to a combination of excellent seamanship , James_Cook superior surveying and cartographic skills , courage in exploring dangerous locations to confirm the facts ( eg dipping into the Antarctic circle repeatedly and exploring around the Great Barrier Reef ) , ability to lead men in adverse conditions , and boldness both with regard to the extent of James_Cook explorations and James_Cook willingness to exceed the instructions given to James_Cook by the Admiralty . James_Cook died in Hawaii in a fracas with Hawaiians during James_Cook third exploratory voyage in the Pacific in 1779 . eos
recorded several islands and coastlines on European maps for the first time . James_Cook huge achievements can be attributed to a combination of excellent seamanship , James_Cook superior surveying and cartographic skills , courage in exploring dangerous locations to confirm the facts ( eg dipping into the Antarctic circle repeatedly and exploring around the Great Barrier Reef ) , ability to lead men in adverse conditions , and boldness both with regard to the extent of James_Cook explorations and James_Cook willingness to exceed the instructions given to James_Cook by the Admiralty . James_Cook died in Hawaii in a fracas with Hawaiians during James_Cook third exploratory voyage in the Pacific in 1779 . eos
huge achievements can be attributed to a combination of excellent seamanship , James_Cook superior surveying and cartographic skills , courage in exploring dangerous locations to confirm the facts ( eg dipping into the Antarctic circle repeatedly and exploring around the Great Barrier Reef ) , ability to lead men in adverse conditions , and boldness both with regard to the extent of James_Cook explorations and James_Cook willingness to exceed the instructions given to James_Cook by the Admiralty . James_Cook died in Hawaii in a fracas with Hawaiians during James_Cook third exploratory voyage in the Pacific in 1779 . eos
superior surveying and cartographic skills , courage in exploring dangerous locations to confirm the facts ( eg dipping into the Antarctic circle repeatedly and exploring around the Great Barrier Reef ) , ability to lead men in adverse conditions , and boldness both with regard to the extent of James_Cook explorations and James_Cook willingness to exceed the instructions given to James_Cook by the Admiralty . James_Cook died in Hawaii in a fracas with Hawaiians during James_Cook third exploratory voyage in the Pacific in 1779 . eos
explorations and James_Cook willingness to exceed the instructions given to James_Cook by the Admiralty . James_Cook died in Hawaii in a fracas with Hawaiians during James_Cook third exploratory voyage in the Pacific in 1779 . eos
willingness to exceed the instructions given to James_Cook by the Admiralty . James_Cook died in Hawaii in a fracas with Hawaiians during James_Cook third exploratory voyage in the Pacific in 1779 . eos
by the Admiralty . James_Cook died in Hawaii in a fracas with Hawaiians during James_Cook third exploratory voyage in the Pacific in 1779 . eos
died in Hawaii in a fracas with Hawaiians during James_Cook third exploratory voyage in the Pacific in 1779 . eos
third exploratory voyage in the Pacific in 1779 . eos
( Irish Seamus Seoighe ; 2 february 1882 - 13 january 1941 ) was an Irish writer and poet , widely considered to be one of the most influential writers of the 20th century . James_Joyce is best known for James_Joyce landmark novel Ulysses ( 1922 ) . James_Joyce other major works are the short story collection Dubliners ( 1914 ) , the novels A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man ( 1916 ) and Finnegans Wake ( 1939 ) . eos
is best known for James_Joyce landmark novel Ulysses ( 1922 ) . James_Joyce other major works are the short story collection Dubliners ( 1914 ) , the novels A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man ( 1916 ) and Finnegans Wake ( 1939 ) . Although most of James_Joyce adult life was spent outside the country , James_Joyce Irish experiences are essential to James_Joyce writings and provide all of the settings for James_Joyce fiction and much of their subject matter . eos
landmark novel Ulysses ( 1922 ) . James_Joyce other major works are the short story collection Dubliners ( 1914 ) , the novels A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man ( 1916 ) and Finnegans Wake ( 1939 ) . Although most of James_Joyce adult life was spent outside the country , James_Joyce Irish experiences are essential to James_Joyce writings and provide all of the settings for James_Joyce fiction and much of their subject matter . eos
other major works are the short story collection Dubliners ( 1914 ) , the novels A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man ( 1916 ) and Finnegans Wake ( 1939 ) . Although most of James_Joyce adult life was spent outside the country , James_Joyce Irish experiences are essential to James_Joyce writings and provide all of the settings for James_Joyce fiction and much of their subject matter . James_Joyce fictional universe is firmly rooted in Dublin and reflects James_Joyce family life and the events and friends ( and enemies ) from James_Joyce school and college days . eos
adult life was spent outside the country , James_Joyce Irish experiences are essential to James_Joyce writings and provide all of the settings for James_Joyce fiction and much of their subject matter . James_Joyce fictional universe is firmly rooted in Dublin and reflects James_Joyce family life and the events and friends ( and enemies ) from James_Joyce school and college days . Due to this , James_Joyce became both one of the most cosmopolitan and one of the most local of all the great English language modernists . eos
Irish experiences are essential to James_Joyce writings and provide all of the settings for James_Joyce fiction and much of their subject matter . James_Joyce fictional universe is firmly rooted in Dublin and reflects James_Joyce family life and the events and friends ( and enemies ) from James_Joyce school and college days . Due to this , James_Joyce became both one of the most cosmopolitan and one of the most local of all the great English language modernists . eos
writings and provide all of the settings for James_Joyce fiction and much of their subject matter . James_Joyce fictional universe is firmly rooted in Dublin and reflects James_Joyce family life and the events and friends ( and enemies ) from James_Joyce school and college days . Due to this , James_Joyce became both one of the most cosmopolitan and one of the most local of all the great English language modernists . eos
fiction and much of their subject matter . James_Joyce fictional universe is firmly rooted in Dublin and reflects James_Joyce family life and the events and friends ( and enemies ) from James_Joyce school and college days . Due to this , James_Joyce became both one of the most cosmopolitan and one of the most local of all the great English language modernists . eos
family life and the events and friends ( and enemies ) from James_Joyce school and college days . Due to this , James_Joyce became both one of the most cosmopolitan and one of the most local of all the great English language modernists . eos
school and college days . Due to this , James_Joyce became both one of the most cosmopolitan and one of the most local of all the great English language modernists . eos
fictional universe is firmly rooted in Dublin and reflects James_Joyce family life and the events and friends ( and enemies ) from James_Joyce school and college days . Due to this , James_Joyce became both one of the most cosmopolitan and one of the most local of all the great English language modernists . eos
became both one of the most cosmopolitan and one of the most local of all the great English language modernists . eos
CH CBE FRS , ( born july 26 , 1919 ) is an independent scientist , author , researcher , environmentalist and futurologist James_Lovelock lives in Cornwall , in the south west of Great Britain . James_Lovelock is most famous for proposing and popularizing the Gaia hypothesis , in which James_Lovelock postulates that the Earth functions as a kind of superorganism ( a term coined by Lynn Margulis ) . eos
lives in Cornwall , in the south west of Great Britain . James_Lovelock is most famous for proposing and popularizing the Gaia hypothesis , in which James_Lovelock postulates that the Earth functions as a kind of superorganism ( a term coined by Lynn Margulis ) . eos
is most famous for proposing and popularizing the Gaia hypothesis , in which James_Lovelock postulates that the Earth functions as a kind of superorganism ( a term coined by Lynn Margulis ) . eos
postulates that the Earth functions as a kind of superorganism ( a term coined by Lynn Margulis ) . eos
, MA , MD , DD , ( november 6 , 1861 - november 28 , 1939 ) was the inventor of the sport of basketball and the first to introduce the use of a helmet in American football . James_Naismith was also the first basketball coach to assemble a team of 5 players . James_Naismith was born in Almonte , Ontario , the eldest son of Scottish immigrants who had arrived in the area in 1851 and worked in the mining industry . eos
was also the first basketball coach to assemble a team of 5 players . James_Naismith was born in Almonte , Ontario , the eldest son of Scottish immigrants who had arrived in the area in 1851 and worked in the mining industry . eos
was born in Almonte , Ontario , the eldest son of Scottish immigrants who had arrived in the area in 1851 and worked in the mining industry . eos
( april 11 , 1755 - december 21 , 1824 ) was an English physician , geologist , paleontologist , and political activist . James_Parkinson is most famous for James_Parkinson 1817 work , Palsy , in which James_Parkinson was the first to describe paralysis agitans , a condition that would later acquire James_Parkinson namesake known as Parkinson 's Disease . James_Parkinson was born in Shoreditch , London , England . eos
is most famous for James_Parkinson 1817 work , Palsy , in which James_Parkinson was the first to describe paralysis agitans , a condition that would later acquire James_Parkinson namesake known as Parkinson 's Disease . James_Parkinson was born in Shoreditch , London , England . James_Parkinson was the son of John Parkinson , an apothecary and surgeon practicing in Hoxton Square in London . eos
1817 work , Palsy , in which James_Parkinson was the first to describe paralysis agitans , a condition that would later acquire James_Parkinson namesake known as Parkinson 's Disease . James_Parkinson was born in Shoreditch , London , England . James_Parkinson was the son of John Parkinson , an apothecary and surgeon practicing in Hoxton Square in London . eos
was the first to describe paralysis agitans , a condition that would later acquire James_Parkinson namesake known as Parkinson 's Disease . James_Parkinson was born in Shoreditch , London , England . James_Parkinson was the son of John Parkinson , an apothecary and surgeon practicing in Hoxton Square in London . eos
namesake known as Parkinson 's Disease . James_Parkinson was born in Shoreditch , London , England . James_Parkinson was the son of John Parkinson , an apothecary and surgeon practicing in Hoxton Square in London . eos
was born in Shoreditch , London , England . James_Parkinson was the son of John Parkinson , an apothecary and surgeon practicing in Hoxton Square in London . In 1784 James_Parkinson was approved by the Corporation of London as a surgeon . eos
was the son of John Parkinson , an apothecary and surgeon practicing in Hoxton Square in London . In 1784 James_Parkinson was approved by the Corporation of London as a surgeon . On May 21 , 1783 , James_Parkinson married Mary Dale , with whom James_Parkinson subsequently had six children . eos
was approved by the Corporation of London as a surgeon . On May 21 , 1783 , James_Parkinson married Mary Dale , with whom James_Parkinson subsequently had six children . Soon after James_Parkinson got married , James_Parkinson succeeded James_Parkinson father in his practice in Hoxton Square . eos
subsequently had six children . Soon after James_Parkinson got married , James_Parkinson succeeded James_Parkinson father in his practice in Hoxton Square . James_Parkinson believed that any worthwhile physician should know shorthand , at which James_Parkinson was adept . eos
married Mary Dale , with whom James_Parkinson subsequently had six children . Soon after James_Parkinson got married , James_Parkinson succeeded James_Parkinson father in his practice in Hoxton Square . James_Parkinson believed that any worthwhile physician should know shorthand , at which James_Parkinson was adept . eos
got married , James_Parkinson succeeded James_Parkinson father in his practice in Hoxton Square . James_Parkinson believed that any worthwhile physician should know shorthand , at which James_Parkinson was adept . In addition to James_Parkinson flourishing medical practice , James_Parkinson had an avid interest in geology and paleontology , as well as the politics of the day . eos
succeeded James_Parkinson father in his practice in Hoxton Square . James_Parkinson believed that any worthwhile physician should know shorthand , at which James_Parkinson was adept . In addition to James_Parkinson flourishing medical practice , James_Parkinson had an avid interest in geology and paleontology , as well as the politics of the day . eos
father in his practice in Hoxton Square . James_Parkinson believed that any worthwhile physician should know shorthand , at which James_Parkinson was adept . In addition to James_Parkinson flourishing medical practice , James_Parkinson had an avid interest in geology and paleontology , as well as the politics of the day . eos
believed that any worthwhile physician should know shorthand , at which James_Parkinson was adept . In addition to James_Parkinson flourishing medical practice , James_Parkinson had an avid interest in geology and paleontology , as well as the politics of the day . James_Parkinson was a strong advocate for the under - privileged , and an outspoken critic of the Pitt - government . eos
was adept . In addition to James_Parkinson flourishing medical practice , James_Parkinson had an avid interest in geology and paleontology , as well as the politics of the day . James_Parkinson was a strong advocate for the under - privileged , and an outspoken critic of the Pitt - government . eos
flourishing medical practice , James_Parkinson had an avid interest in geology and paleontology , as well as the politics of the day . James_Parkinson was a strong advocate for the under - privileged , and an outspoken critic of the Pitt - government . James_Parkinson early career was marred by James_Parkinson being involved in a variety of social and revolutionary causes , and some historians think it most likely that James_Parkinson was a strong proponent for the French Revolution . eos
had an avid interest in geology and paleontology , as well as the politics of the day . James_Parkinson was a strong advocate for the under - privileged , and an outspoken critic of the Pitt - government . James_Parkinson early career was marred by James_Parkinson being involved in a variety of social and revolutionary causes , and some historians think it most likely that James_Parkinson was a strong proponent for the French Revolution . eos
was a strong advocate for the under - privileged , and an outspoken critic of the Pitt - government . James_Parkinson early career was marred by James_Parkinson being involved in a variety of social and revolutionary causes , and some historians think it most likely that James_Parkinson was a strong proponent for the French Revolution . James_Parkinson published nearly twenty political pamphlets in the post - French Revolution period , whilst Britain was in political chaos . eos
early career was marred by James_Parkinson being involved in a variety of social and revolutionary causes , and some historians think it most likely that James_Parkinson was a strong proponent for the French Revolution . James_Parkinson published nearly twenty political pamphlets in the post - French Revolution period , whilst Britain was in political chaos . Writing under James_Parkinson own name and James_Parkinson pseudonym ` ` Old Hubert '' eos
being involved in a variety of social and revolutionary causes , and some historians think it most likely that James_Parkinson was a strong proponent for the French Revolution . James_Parkinson published nearly twenty political pamphlets in the post - French Revolution period , whilst Britain was in political chaos . Writing under James_Parkinson own name and James_Parkinson pseudonym ` ` Old Hubert '' eos
was a strong proponent for the French Revolution . James_Parkinson published nearly twenty political pamphlets in the post - French Revolution period , whilst Britain was in political chaos . Writing under James_Parkinson own name and James_Parkinson pseudonym ` ` Old Hubert '' eos
published nearly twenty political pamphlets in the post - French Revolution period , whilst Britain was in political chaos . Writing under James_Parkinson own name and James_Parkinson pseudonym ` ` Old Hubert '' , James_Parkinson called for radical social reforms . eos
own name and James_Parkinson pseudonym ` ` Old Hubert '' , James_Parkinson called for radical social reforms . James_Parkinson called for representation of the people in the House of Commons , the institution of annual parliaments , and universal suffrage . eos
pseudonym ` ` Old Hubert '' , James_Parkinson called for radical social reforms . James_Parkinson called for representation of the people in the House of Commons , the institution of annual parliaments , and universal suffrage . eos
called for radical social reforms . James_Parkinson called for representation of the people in the House of Commons , the institution of annual parliaments , and universal suffrage . James_Parkinson was a member of several secret political societies , including the London Corresponding Society for Reform of Parliamentary Representation . eos
called for representation of the people in the House of Commons , the institution of annual parliaments , and universal suffrage . James_Parkinson was a member of several secret political societies , including the London Corresponding Society for Reform of Parliamentary Representation . In 1794 James_Parkinson membership in the organization led to James_Parkinson being examined under oath before the Privy Council to give evidence about a plot to assassinate King George III . eos
was a member of several secret political societies , including the London Corresponding Society for Reform of Parliamentary Representation . In 1794 James_Parkinson membership in the organization led to James_Parkinson being examined under oath before the Privy Council to give evidence about a plot to assassinate King George III . James_Parkinson refused to testify regarding James_Parkinson part in ` ` The Pop - Gun Plot '' , until James_Parkinson was certain James_Parkinson would not be forced to incriminate James_Parkinson . eos
membership in the organization led to James_Parkinson being examined under oath before the Privy Council to give evidence about a plot to assassinate King George III . James_Parkinson refused to testify regarding James_Parkinson part in ` ` The Pop - Gun Plot '' , until James_Parkinson was certain James_Parkinson would not be forced to incriminate James_Parkinson . The plan was to use a poisoned dart fired from a ` ` pop gun '' to bring the king 's reign to a premature conclusion . eos
being examined under oath before the Privy Council to give evidence about a plot to assassinate King George III . James_Parkinson refused to testify regarding James_Parkinson part in ` ` The Pop - Gun Plot '' , until James_Parkinson was certain James_Parkinson would not be forced to incriminate James_Parkinson . The plan was to use a poisoned dart fired from a ` ` pop gun '' to bring the king 's reign to a premature conclusion . eos
refused to testify regarding James_Parkinson part in ` ` The Pop - Gun Plot '' , until James_Parkinson was certain James_Parkinson would not be forced to incriminate James_Parkinson . The plan was to use a poisoned dart fired from a ` ` pop gun '' to bring the king 's reign to a premature conclusion . Fortunately for James_Parkinson , the whole affair was soon forgotten , and no charges were ever brought against James_Parkinson . eos
part in ` ` The Pop - Gun Plot '' , until James_Parkinson was certain James_Parkinson would not be forced to incriminate James_Parkinson . The plan was to use a poisoned dart fired from a ` ` pop gun '' to bring the king 's reign to a premature conclusion . Fortunately for James_Parkinson , the whole affair was soon forgotten , and no charges were ever brought against James_Parkinson . eos
was certain James_Parkinson would not be forced to incriminate James_Parkinson . The plan was to use a poisoned dart fired from a ` ` pop gun '' to bring the king 's reign to a premature conclusion . Fortunately for James_Parkinson , the whole affair was soon forgotten , and no charges were ever brought against James_Parkinson . eos
would not be forced to incriminate James_Parkinson . The plan was to use a poisoned dart fired from a ` ` pop gun '' to bring the king 's reign to a premature conclusion . Fortunately for James_Parkinson , the whole affair was soon forgotten , and no charges were ever brought against James_Parkinson . eos
. The plan was to use a poisoned dart fired from a ` ` pop gun '' to bring the king 's reign to a premature conclusion . Fortunately for James_Parkinson , the whole affair was soon forgotten , and no charges were ever brought against James_Parkinson . eos
, the whole affair was soon forgotten , and no charges were ever brought against James_Parkinson . James_Parkinson turned away from James_Parkinson tumultuous political career , and between 1799 and 1807 James_Parkinson published a number of medical works , including a work on gout in 1805 . James_Parkinson was also responsible for the earliest writings on the subject of peritonitis in English medical literature . eos
. James_Parkinson turned away from James_Parkinson tumultuous political career , and between 1799 and 1807 James_Parkinson published a number of medical works , including a work on gout in 1805 . James_Parkinson was also responsible for the earliest writings on the subject of peritonitis in English medical literature . eos
turned away from James_Parkinson tumultuous political career , and between 1799 and 1807 James_Parkinson published a number of medical works , including a work on gout in 1805 . James_Parkinson was also responsible for the earliest writings on the subject of peritonitis in English medical literature . James_Parkinson was also interested in improving the general health and well - being of the population . eos
tumultuous political career , and between 1799 and 1807 James_Parkinson published a number of medical works , including a work on gout in 1805 . James_Parkinson was also responsible for the earliest writings on the subject of peritonitis in English medical literature . James_Parkinson was also interested in improving the general health and well - being of the population . eos
published a number of medical works , including a work on gout in 1805 . James_Parkinson was also responsible for the earliest writings on the subject of peritonitis in English medical literature . James_Parkinson was also interested in improving the general health and well - being of the population . eos
was also responsible for the earliest writings on the subject of peritonitis in English medical literature . James_Parkinson was also interested in improving the general health and well - being of the population . James_Parkinson wrote several medical doctrines that exposed a similar zeal for the health and welfare of the people that was expressed by James_Parkinson political activism . eos
was also interested in improving the general health and well - being of the population . James_Parkinson wrote several medical doctrines that exposed a similar zeal for the health and welfare of the people that was expressed by James_Parkinson political activism . James_Parkinson was a crusader for legal protection for the mentally ill , as well as their doctors and families . eos
wrote several medical doctrines that exposed a similar zeal for the health and welfare of the people that was expressed by James_Parkinson political activism . James_Parkinson was a crusader for legal protection for the mentally ill , as well as their doctors and families . In 1812 James_Parkinson assisted James_Parkinson son with the first described case of appendicitis in English , and the first instance in which perforation was shown to be the cause of death . eos
political activism . James_Parkinson was a crusader for legal protection for the mentally ill , as well as their doctors and families . In 1812 James_Parkinson assisted James_Parkinson son with the first described case of appendicitis in English , and the first instance in which perforation was shown to be the cause of death . eos
was a crusader for legal protection for the mentally ill , as well as their doctors and families . In 1812 James_Parkinson assisted James_Parkinson son with the first described case of appendicitis in English , and the first instance in which perforation was shown to be the cause of death . James_Parkinson interest gradually turned from medicine to nature , specifically the relatively new field of geology , and paleontology . eos
assisted James_Parkinson son with the first described case of appendicitis in English , and the first instance in which perforation was shown to be the cause of death . James_Parkinson interest gradually turned from medicine to nature , specifically the relatively new field of geology , and paleontology . James_Parkinson began collecting specimens and drawings of fossils in the latter part of the eighteenth century . eos
son with the first described case of appendicitis in English , and the first instance in which perforation was shown to be the cause of death . James_Parkinson interest gradually turned from medicine to nature , specifically the relatively new field of geology , and paleontology . James_Parkinson began collecting specimens and drawings of fossils in the latter part of the eighteenth century . eos
interest gradually turned from medicine to nature , specifically the relatively new field of geology , and paleontology . James_Parkinson began collecting specimens and drawings of fossils in the latter part of the eighteenth century . James_Parkinson took James_Parkinson children and friends on excursions to collect or observe fossil plants and animals . eos
began collecting specimens and drawings of fossils in the latter part of the eighteenth century . James_Parkinson took James_Parkinson children and friends on excursions to collect or observe fossil plants and animals . James_Parkinson attempts to learn more about fossil identification and interpretation were frustrated by a lack of available literature , and so James_Parkinson took the decision to improve matters by writing James_Parkinson own introduction to the study of fossils . eos
took James_Parkinson children and friends on excursions to collect or observe fossil plants and animals . James_Parkinson attempts to learn more about fossil identification and interpretation were frustrated by a lack of available literature , and so James_Parkinson took the decision to improve matters by writing James_Parkinson own introduction to the study of fossils . In 1804 the first volume of James_Parkinson Organic Remains of the Former World was published . eos
children and friends on excursions to collect or observe fossil plants and animals . James_Parkinson attempts to learn more about fossil identification and interpretation were frustrated by a lack of available literature , and so James_Parkinson took the decision to improve matters by writing James_Parkinson own introduction to the study of fossils . In 1804 the first volume of James_Parkinson Organic Remains of the Former World was published . eos
attempts to learn more about fossil identification and interpretation were frustrated by a lack of available literature , and so James_Parkinson took the decision to improve matters by writing James_Parkinson own introduction to the study of fossils . In 1804 the first volume of James_Parkinson Organic Remains of the Former World was published . Gideon Mantell praised it as ` ` the first attempt to give a familiar and scientific account "" of fossils "" '' . eos
took the decision to improve matters by writing James_Parkinson own introduction to the study of fossils . In 1804 the first volume of James_Parkinson Organic Remains of the Former World was published . Gideon Mantell praised it as ` ` the first attempt to give a familiar and scientific account "" of fossils "" '' . eos
own introduction to the study of fossils . In 1804 the first volume of James_Parkinson Organic Remains of the Former World was published . Gideon Mantell praised it as ` ` the first attempt to give a familiar and scientific account "" of fossils "" '' . eos
Organic Remains of the Former World was published . Gideon Mantell praised it as ` ` the first attempt to give a familiar and scientific account "" of fossils "" '' . A second volume was published in 1808 , and a third in 1811 . eos
illustrated each volume , sometimes in color . The plates were later re - used by Gideon Mantell . In 1822 James_Parkinson published the shorter ` ` Elements of Oryctology : an Introduction to the Study of Fossil Organic Remains , especially of those found in British Strata '' . eos
published the shorter ` ` Elements of Oryctology : an Introduction to the Study of Fossil Organic Remains , especially of those found in British Strata '' . James_Parkinson belonged to a school of thought , Catastrophism , that concerned itself with the belief that the Earth 's geology and biosphere were shaped by recent large - scale cataclysms . James_Parkinson cited the Noachian deluge of Genesis as an example , and James_Parkinson firmly believed that creation and extinction were processes guided by the hand of God . eos
belonged to a school of thought , Catastrophism , that concerned itself with the belief that the Earth 's geology and biosphere were shaped by recent large - scale cataclysms . James_Parkinson cited the Noachian deluge of Genesis as an example , and James_Parkinson firmly believed that creation and extinction were processes guided by the hand of God . James_Parkinson view on Creation was that each ` day ' was actually a much longer period , that lasted perhaps tens of thousands of years in length . eos
cited the Noachian deluge of Genesis as an example , and James_Parkinson firmly believed that creation and extinction were processes guided by the hand of God . James_Parkinson view on Creation was that each ` day ' was actually a much longer period , that lasted perhaps tens of thousands of years in length . On november 13 , 1807 , James_Parkinson and a number of other distinguished gentlemen met at the Freemasons ' Tavern . eos
firmly believed that creation and extinction were processes guided by the hand of God . James_Parkinson view on Creation was that each ` day ' was actually a much longer period , that lasted perhaps tens of thousands of years in length . On november 13 , 1807 , James_Parkinson and a number of other distinguished gentlemen met at the Freemasons ' Tavern . eos
view on Creation was that each ` day ' was actually a much longer period , that lasted perhaps tens of thousands of years in length . On november 13 , 1807 , James_Parkinson and a number of other distinguished gentlemen met at the Freemasons ' Tavern . The gathering included such great names as Sir Humphry Davy , Arthur Aikin , and George Bellas Greenough . eos
and a number of other distinguished gentlemen met at the Freemasons ' Tavern . The gathering included such great names as Sir Humphry Davy , Arthur Aikin , and George Bellas Greenough . This was to be the first meeting of the Geological Society of London . eos
also contributed several papers to William Nicholson 's ` ` A Journal of Natural Philosophy , Chemistry and the Arts '' , and in the first , second , and fifth volumes of the ` ` Geological Society 's Transactions '' . eos
( 16 december , 1775 - 18 july , 1817 ) was an English novelist . Jane_Austen insights into women 's lives and Jane_Austen mastery of form and irony have made Jane_Austen one of the most noted and influential novelists of Jane_Austen era despite being only moderately successful during Jane_Austen lifetime . eos
insights into women 's lives and Jane_Austen mastery of form and irony have made Jane_Austen one of the most noted and influential novelists of Jane_Austen era despite being only moderately successful during Jane_Austen lifetime . eos
mastery of form and irony have made Jane_Austen one of the most noted and influential novelists of Jane_Austen era despite being only moderately successful during Jane_Austen lifetime . eos
one of the most noted and influential novelists of Jane_Austen era despite being only moderately successful during Jane_Austen lifetime . eos
era despite being only moderately successful during Jane_Austen lifetime . eos
lifetime . eos
( june 28 , 1712 - july 2 , 1778 ) was a Genevan philosopher of the Enlightenment Jean-Jacques_Rousseau political ideas influenced the French Revolution , the development of socialist theory , and the growth of nationalism . Jean-Jacques_Rousseau also made important contributions to music both as a theorist and as a composer . With Jean-Jacques_Rousseau Confessions and other writings , Jean-Jacques_Rousseau practically invented modern autobiography and Jean-Jacques_Rousseau encouraged a new focus on the building of subjectivity that would bear fruit in the work of thinkers as diverse as Hegel and Freud . eos
political ideas influenced the French Revolution , the development of socialist theory , and the growth of nationalism . Jean-Jacques_Rousseau also made important contributions to music both as a theorist and as a composer . With Jean-Jacques_Rousseau Confessions and other writings , Jean-Jacques_Rousseau practically invented modern autobiography and Jean-Jacques_Rousseau encouraged a new focus on the building of subjectivity that would bear fruit in the work of thinkers as diverse as Hegel and Freud . eos
also made important contributions to music both as a theorist and as a composer . With Jean-Jacques_Rousseau Confessions and other writings , Jean-Jacques_Rousseau practically invented modern autobiography and Jean-Jacques_Rousseau encouraged a new focus on the building of subjectivity that would bear fruit in the work of thinkers as diverse as Hegel and Freud . Jean-Jacques_Rousseau novel Julie , ou la nouvelle eos
Confessions and other writings , Jean-Jacques_Rousseau practically invented modern autobiography and Jean-Jacques_Rousseau encouraged a new focus on the building of subjectivity that would bear fruit in the work of thinkers as diverse as Hegel and Freud . Jean-Jacques_Rousseau novel Julie , ou la nouvelle Héloïse was one of the best - selling fictional works of the eighteenth century and was important to the development of romanticism . eos
practically invented modern autobiography and Jean-Jacques_Rousseau encouraged a new focus on the building of subjectivity that would bear fruit in the work of thinkers as diverse as Hegel and Freud . Jean-Jacques_Rousseau novel Julie , ou la nouvelle Héloïse was one of the best - selling fictional works of the eighteenth century and was important to the development of romanticism . eos
encouraged a new focus on the building of subjectivity that would bear fruit in the work of thinkers as diverse as Hegel and Freud . Jean-Jacques_Rousseau novel Julie , ou la nouvelle Héloïse was one of the best - selling fictional works of the eighteenth century and was important to the development of romanticism . eos
novel Julie , ou la nouvelle Héloïse was one of the best - selling fictional works of the eighteenth century and was important to the development of romanticism . eos
, CC , CQ , Dhc ( b. august 31 , 1931 in Trois - Rivières , Quebec , Canada ) was a professional ice hockey player . Jean_Beliveau is a Canadian icon , and one of the most respected figures to have ever played the game . eos
is a Canadian icon , and one of the most respected figures to have ever played the game . A star at an early age , Jean_Beliveau won the Quebec Senior Hockey League scoring championship with the Quebec Aces in 1953 then Jean_Beliveau joined the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . Three years later , in 1956 , Jean_Beliveau won both the Art Ross Memorial Trophy as the league 's scoring champion and the Hart Memorial Trophy as its most valuable player . eos
won the Quebec Senior Hockey League scoring championship with the Quebec Aces in 1953 then Jean_Beliveau joined the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . Three years later , in 1956 , Jean_Beliveau won both the Art Ross Memorial Trophy as the league 's scoring champion and the Hart Memorial Trophy as its most valuable player . During Jean_Beliveau 18 year career in Montreal , Jean_Beliveau played on 10 Stanley Cup winning teams and Jean_Beliveau eos
joined the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . Three years later , in 1956 , Jean_Beliveau won both the Art Ross Memorial Trophy as the league 's scoring champion and the Hart Memorial Trophy as its most valuable player . During Jean_Beliveau 18 year career in Montreal , Jean_Beliveau played on 10 Stanley Cup winning teams and Jean_Beliveau eos
won both the Art Ross Memorial Trophy as the league 's scoring champion and the Hart Memorial Trophy as its most valuable player . During Jean_Beliveau 18 year career in Montreal , Jean_Beliveau played on 10 Stanley Cup winning teams and Jean_Beliveau was team captain for five of them . eos
18 year career in Montreal , Jean_Beliveau played on 10 Stanley Cup winning teams and Jean_Beliveau was team captain for five of them . A powerful skater , Jean_Beliveau had a polished air of composed confidence that made Jean_Beliveau a natural leader both on and off the ice . eos
played on 10 Stanley Cup winning teams and Jean_Beliveau was team captain for five of them . A powerful skater , Jean_Beliveau had a polished air of composed confidence that made Jean_Beliveau a natural leader both on and off the ice . eos
was team captain for five of them . A powerful skater , Jean_Beliveau had a polished air of composed confidence that made Jean_Beliveau a natural leader both on and off the ice . eos
a natural leader both on and off the ice . Admired and respected by fans , teammates and Jean_Beliveau opponents , Jean_Beliveau was the first player to win the Conn Smythe Trophy for Jean_Beliveau performance in the 1965 Stanley Cup playoffs . Jean_Beliveau retired at the end of the 1970 - 71 NHL season as Jean_Beliveau team 's all - time leading scorer and the NHL 's all - time leading playoff scorer . eos
had a polished air of composed confidence that made Jean_Beliveau a natural leader both on and off the ice . Admired and respected by fans , teammates and Jean_Beliveau opponents , Jean_Beliveau was the first player to win the Conn Smythe Trophy for Jean_Beliveau performance in the 1965 Stanley Cup playoffs . Jean_Beliveau retired at the end of the 1970 - 71 NHL season as Jean_Beliveau team 's all - time leading scorer and the NHL 's all - time leading playoff scorer . eos
opponents , Jean_Beliveau was the first player to win the Conn Smythe Trophy for Jean_Beliveau performance in the 1965 Stanley Cup playoffs . Jean_Beliveau retired at the end of the 1970 - 71 NHL season as Jean_Beliveau team 's all - time leading scorer and the NHL 's all - time leading playoff scorer . Jean_Beliveau scored 507 goals and Jean_Beliveau had 712 assists for 1,219 points in 1,125 NHL regular - season games plus 70 goals and 97 assists for 176 points in 162 playoff games . eos
was the first player to win the Conn Smythe Trophy for Jean_Beliveau performance in the 1965 Stanley Cup playoffs . Jean_Beliveau retired at the end of the 1970 - 71 NHL season as Jean_Beliveau team 's all - time leading scorer and the NHL 's all - time leading playoff scorer . Jean_Beliveau scored 507 goals and Jean_Beliveau had 712 assists for 1,219 points in 1,125 NHL regular - season games plus 70 goals and 97 assists for 176 points in 162 playoff games . eos
performance in the 1965 Stanley Cup playoffs . Jean_Beliveau retired at the end of the 1970 - 71 NHL season as Jean_Beliveau team 's all - time leading scorer and the NHL 's all - time leading playoff scorer . Jean_Beliveau scored 507 goals and Jean_Beliveau had 712 assists for 1,219 points in 1,125 NHL regular - season games plus 70 goals and 97 assists for 176 points in 162 playoff games . eos
retired at the end of the 1970 - 71 NHL season as Jean_Beliveau team 's all - time leading scorer and the NHL 's all - time leading playoff scorer . Jean_Beliveau scored 507 goals and Jean_Beliveau had 712 assists for 1,219 points in 1,125 NHL regular - season games plus 70 goals and 97 assists for 176 points in 162 playoff games . Jean_Beliveau jersey number ( # 4 ) was retired on october 9 , 1971 . eos
team 's all - time leading scorer and the NHL 's all - time leading playoff scorer . Jean_Beliveau scored 507 goals and Jean_Beliveau had 712 assists for 1,219 points in 1,125 NHL regular - season games plus 70 goals and 97 assists for 176 points in 162 playoff games . Jean_Beliveau jersey number ( # 4 ) was retired on october 9 , 1971 . eos
scored 507 goals and Jean_Beliveau had 712 assists for 1,219 points in 1,125 NHL regular - season games plus 70 goals and 97 assists for 176 points in 162 playoff games . Jean_Beliveau jersey number ( # 4 ) was retired on october 9 , 1971 . In 1972 , Jean_Beliveau was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame . eos
had 712 assists for 1,219 points in 1,125 NHL regular - season games plus 70 goals and 97 assists for 176 points in 162 playoff games . Jean_Beliveau jersey number ( # 4 ) was retired on october 9 , 1971 . In 1972 , Jean_Beliveau was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame . eos
jersey number ( # 4 ) was retired on october 9 , 1971 . In 1972 , Jean_Beliveau was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame . After Jean_Beliveau playing days were over , Jean_Beliveau remained with the Canadiens team as an executive and goodwill ambassador while doing charitable work through the ` ` Jean Béliveau Foundation '' established in 1971 . eos
was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame . After Jean_Beliveau playing days were over , Jean_Beliveau remained with the Canadiens team as an executive and goodwill ambassador while doing charitable work through the ` ` Jean Béliveau Foundation '' established in 1971 . In 1993 Jean_Beliveau transferred the foundation to the ` ` Society for Disabled Children . '' eos
playing days were over , Jean_Beliveau remained with the Canadiens team as an executive and goodwill ambassador while doing charitable work through the ` ` Jean Béliveau Foundation '' established in 1971 . In 1993 Jean_Beliveau transferred the foundation to the ` ` Society for Disabled Children . '' Jean_Beliveau has been given many awards including several honorary doctorates from Canadian universities , plus the Loyola Medal in 1995 . eos
remained with the Canadiens team as an executive and goodwill ambassador while doing charitable work through the ` ` Jean Béliveau Foundation '' established in 1971 . In 1993 Jean_Beliveau transferred the foundation to the ` ` Society for Disabled Children . '' Jean_Beliveau has been given many awards including several honorary doctorates from Canadian universities , plus the Loyola Medal in 1995 . eos
transferred the foundation to the ` ` Society for Disabled Children . '' Jean_Beliveau has been given many awards including several honorary doctorates from Canadian universities , plus the Loyola Medal in 1995 . Jean_Beliveau was made a member of the National Order of Quebec and Jean_Beliveau is a Companion of the Order of Canada , Jean_Beliveau country 's highest civilian award . eos
has been given many awards including several honorary doctorates from Canadian universities , plus the Loyola Medal in 1995 . Jean_Beliveau was made a member of the National Order of Quebec and Jean_Beliveau is a Companion of the Order of Canada , Jean_Beliveau country 's highest civilian award . Jean_Beliveau was appointed as a companion to the Order of Canada on May 6 , 1998 ( according to Canada '' ) . eos
was made a member of the National Order of Quebec and Jean_Beliveau is a Companion of the Order of Canada , Jean_Beliveau country 's highest civilian award . Jean_Beliveau was appointed as a companion to the Order of Canada on May 6 , 1998 ( according to Canada '' ) . In 1994 Jean_Beliveau was offered the position of Governor General of Canada but Jean_Beliveau declined the position for personal reasons . eos
is a Companion of the Order of Canada , Jean_Beliveau country 's highest civilian award . Jean_Beliveau was appointed as a companion to the Order of Canada on May 6 , 1998 ( according to Canada '' ) . In 1994 Jean_Beliveau was offered the position of Governor General of Canada but Jean_Beliveau declined the position for personal reasons . eos
country 's highest civilian award . Jean_Beliveau was appointed as a companion to the Order of Canada on May 6 , 1998 ( according to Canada '' ) . In 1994 Jean_Beliveau was offered the position of Governor General of Canada but Jean_Beliveau declined the position for personal reasons . eos
was appointed as a companion to the Order of Canada on May 6 , 1998 ( according to Canada '' ) . In 1994 Jean_Beliveau was offered the position of Governor General of Canada but Jean_Beliveau declined the position for personal reasons . In 2001 Jean_Beliveau name was added to Canada 's Walk of Fame , the same year Jean_Beliveau was honored with Jean_Beliveau portrait on a Canadian postage stamp . eos
was offered the position of Governor General of Canada but Jean_Beliveau declined the position for personal reasons . In 2001 Jean_Beliveau name was added to Canada 's Walk of Fame , the same year Jean_Beliveau was honored with Jean_Beliveau portrait on a Canadian postage stamp . In november 2004 , Jean_Beliveau supported the NHL 's position in the National Hockey League labor dispute ( 2004 ) , arguing that the players ' demands would damage the sport and the league . eos
declined the position for personal reasons . In 2001 Jean_Beliveau name was added to Canada 's Walk of Fame , the same year Jean_Beliveau was honored with Jean_Beliveau portrait on a Canadian postage stamp . In november 2004 , Jean_Beliveau supported the NHL 's position in the National Hockey League labor dispute ( 2004 ) , arguing that the players ' demands would damage the sport and the league . eos
name was added to Canada 's Walk of Fame , the same year Jean_Beliveau was honored with Jean_Beliveau portrait on a Canadian postage stamp . In november 2004 , Jean_Beliveau supported the NHL 's position in the National Hockey League labor dispute ( 2004 ) , arguing that the players ' demands would damage the sport and the league . eos
was honored with Jean_Beliveau portrait on a Canadian postage stamp . In november 2004 , Jean_Beliveau supported the NHL 's position in the National Hockey League labor dispute ( 2004 ) , arguing that the players ' demands would damage the sport and the league . eos
portrait on a Canadian postage stamp . In november 2004 , Jean_Beliveau supported the NHL 's position in the National Hockey League labor dispute ( 2004 ) , arguing that the players ' demands would damage the sport and the league . eos
supported the NHL 's position in the National Hockey League labor dispute ( 2004 ) , arguing that the players ' demands would damage the sport and the league . eos
, usually known as Jean Chrétien , PC , QC , BA , LLL , LLD ( born january 11 , 1934 ) , served as the twentieth Prime Minister of Canada from november 4 , 1993 to december 12 , 2003 . Jean_Chretien was also the ninth leader of the Liberal Party of Canada from 1990 to 2003 . eos
was also the ninth leader of the Liberal Party of Canada from 1990 to 2003 . eos
( november 9 , 1888 - march 16 , 1979 ) is regarded by many as the architect of European Unity . Never elected to public office , Jean_Monnet worked behind the scenes of American and European governments as a well - connected pragmatic internationalist . eos
worked behind the scenes of American and European governments as a well - connected pragmatic internationalist . eos
, CC , GOQ , PhD ( born september 10 , 1928 ) is the founder of L'Arche , an international organization that creates communities where people with developmental disabilities and those who assist them share life together . eos
( 8 - 2 BC / BCE to 29 - 36 ADC ) , also known as Jesus of Nazareth , is the central figure of Christianity . Jesus is commonly referred to as Jesus Christ , where ` ` Christ '' is a title derived from the Greek christos , meaning ` ` Anointed One '' , which corresponds to the Hebrew - derived ` ` Messiah '' . eos
is commonly referred to as Jesus Christ , where ` ` Christ '' is a title derived from the Greek christos , meaning ` ` Anointed One '' , which corresponds to the Hebrew - derived ` ` Messiah '' . The main sources of information regarding Jesus life and teachings are the four canonical Gospels of the New Testament : Matthew , Mark , Luke , and John . eos
life and teachings are the four canonical Gospels of the New Testament : Matthew , Mark , Luke , and John . Most scholars in the fields of biblical studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee , Jesus was regarded as a healer , Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist , and Jesus was crucified in Jerusalem on orders of the Roman Governor Pontius Pilate under the accusation of sedition against the Roman Empire . eos
was a Jewish teacher from Galilee , Jesus was regarded as a healer , Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist , and Jesus was crucified in Jerusalem on orders of the Roman Governor Pontius Pilate under the accusation of sedition against the Roman Empire . A small minority of scholars and authors question the evidence regarding the historical existence of Jesus . Christian views of Jesus ( see Christology ) center on the belief in Jesus as the Messiah or Christ promised in the Old Testament and in Jesus resurrection after Jesus crucifixion . eos
was regarded as a healer , Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist , and Jesus was crucified in Jerusalem on orders of the Roman Governor Pontius Pilate under the accusation of sedition against the Roman Empire . A small minority of scholars and authors question the evidence regarding the historical existence of Jesus . Christian views of Jesus ( see Christology ) center on the belief in Jesus as the Messiah or Christ promised in the Old Testament and in Jesus resurrection after Jesus crucifixion . eos
was baptized by John the Baptist , and Jesus was crucified in Jerusalem on orders of the Roman Governor Pontius Pilate under the accusation of sedition against the Roman Empire . A small minority of scholars and authors question the evidence regarding the historical existence of Jesus . Christian views of Jesus ( see Christology ) center on the belief in Jesus as the Messiah or Christ promised in the Old Testament and in Jesus resurrection after Jesus crucifixion . eos
was crucified in Jerusalem on orders of the Roman Governor Pontius Pilate under the accusation of sedition against the Roman Empire . A small minority of scholars and authors question the evidence regarding the historical existence of Jesus . Christian views of Jesus ( see Christology ) center on the belief in Jesus as the Messiah or Christ promised in the Old Testament and in Jesus resurrection after Jesus crucifixion . eos
. Christian views of Jesus ( see Christology ) center on the belief in Jesus as the Messiah or Christ promised in the Old Testament and in Jesus resurrection after Jesus crucifixion . Christians typically believe in Jesus as the Son of God sent to provide salvation and reconciliation with God by atoning for the sins of humanity . eos
as the Messiah or Christ promised in the Old Testament and in Jesus resurrection after Jesus crucifixion . Christians typically believe in Jesus as the Son of God sent to provide salvation and reconciliation with God by atoning for the sins of humanity . Trinitarian Christians ( the majority ) believe that Jesus is God incarnate , while Nontrinitarian Christians profess various other interpretations regarding Jesus divinity . eos
resurrection after Jesus crucifixion . Christians typically believe in Jesus as the Son of God sent to provide salvation and reconciliation with God by atoning for the sins of humanity . Trinitarian Christians ( the majority ) believe that Jesus is God incarnate , while Nontrinitarian Christians profess various other interpretations regarding Jesus divinity . eos
crucifixion . Christians typically believe in Jesus as the Son of God sent to provide salvation and reconciliation with God by atoning for the sins of humanity . Trinitarian Christians ( the majority ) believe that Jesus is God incarnate , while Nontrinitarian Christians profess various other interpretations regarding Jesus divinity . eos
( see Christology ) center on the belief in Jesus as the Messiah or Christ promised in the Old Testament and in Jesus resurrection after Jesus crucifixion . Christians typically believe in Jesus as the Son of God sent to provide salvation and reconciliation with God by atoning for the sins of humanity . Trinitarian Christians ( the majority ) believe that Jesus is God incarnate , while Nontrinitarian Christians profess various other interpretations regarding Jesus divinity . eos
as the Son of God sent to provide salvation and reconciliation with God by atoning for the sins of humanity . Trinitarian Christians ( the majority ) believe that Jesus is God incarnate , while Nontrinitarian Christians profess various other interpretations regarding Jesus divinity . Other common Christian beliefs include Jesus Virgin Birth , miracles , fulfillment of biblical prophecy , ascension into Heaven , and future Second Coming . eos
is God incarnate , while Nontrinitarian Christians profess various other interpretations regarding Jesus divinity . Other common Christian beliefs include Jesus Virgin Birth , miracles , fulfillment of biblical prophecy , ascension into Heaven , and future Second Coming . eos
divinity . Other common Christian beliefs include Jesus Virgin Birth , miracles , fulfillment of biblical prophecy , ascension into Heaven , and future Second Coming . eos
Virgin Birth , miracles , fulfillment of biblical prophecy , ascension into Heaven , and future Second Coming . eos
( born january 17 1962 in Newmarket , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian comedian and film actor . Jim_Carrey is best - known for Jim_Carrey manic , slapstick performances in comedy films such as Ace Ventura : Pet Detective , Ace Ventura : eos
is best - known for Jim_Carrey manic , slapstick performances in comedy films such as Ace Ventura : Pet Detective , Ace Ventura : When Nature Calls , Dumb & amp ; Dumber , The Mask , Liar Liar , and Bruce Almighty . eos
manic , slapstick performances in comedy films such as Ace Ventura : Pet Detective , Ace Ventura : When Nature Calls , Dumb & amp ; Dumber , The Mask , Liar Liar , and Bruce Almighty . eos
has also achieved critical success in dramatic roles in films such as The Truman Show , The Majestic , Man on the Moon , and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind . Will Ferrell called Jim_Carrey the funniest man in comedy . eos
the funniest man in comedy . eos
, also known as Jeanne d'Arc , ( c. 1412 - 30 May 1431 ) was a national heroine of France and Joan_of_Arc is a saint of the Roman Catholic Church . Joan_of_Arc asserted that Joan_of_Arc had visions from God which told Joan_of_Arc to recover Joan_of_Arc homeland from English domination late in the Hundred Years ' War . The uncrowned King Charles VII sent Joan_of_Arc to the siege at Orléans as part of a relief mission . eos
is a saint of the Roman Catholic Church . Joan_of_Arc asserted that Joan_of_Arc had visions from God which told Joan_of_Arc to recover Joan_of_Arc homeland from English domination late in the Hundred Years ' War . The uncrowned King Charles VII sent Joan_of_Arc to the siege at Orléans as part of a relief mission . eos
asserted that Joan_of_Arc had visions from God which told Joan_of_Arc to recover Joan_of_Arc homeland from English domination late in the Hundred Years ' War . The uncrowned King Charles VII sent Joan_of_Arc to the siege at Orléans as part of a relief mission . Joan_of_Arc gained prominence when Joan_of_Arc overcame the light regard of veteran commanders and Joan_of_Arc lifted the siege in only nine days . eos
had visions from God which told Joan_of_Arc to recover Joan_of_Arc homeland from English domination late in the Hundred Years ' War . The uncrowned King Charles VII sent Joan_of_Arc to the siege at Orléans as part of a relief mission . Joan_of_Arc gained prominence when Joan_of_Arc overcame the light regard of veteran commanders and Joan_of_Arc lifted the siege in only nine days . eos
to recover Joan_of_Arc homeland from English domination late in the Hundred Years ' War . The uncrowned King Charles VII sent Joan_of_Arc to the siege at Orléans as part of a relief mission . Joan_of_Arc gained prominence when Joan_of_Arc overcame the light regard of veteran commanders and Joan_of_Arc lifted the siege in only nine days . eos
homeland from English domination late in the Hundred Years ' War . The uncrowned King Charles VII sent Joan_of_Arc to the siege at Orléans as part of a relief mission . Joan_of_Arc gained prominence when Joan_of_Arc overcame the light regard of veteran commanders and Joan_of_Arc lifted the siege in only nine days . eos
to the siege at Orléans as part of a relief mission . Joan_of_Arc gained prominence when Joan_of_Arc overcame the light regard of veteran commanders and Joan_of_Arc lifted the siege in only nine days . Several more swift victories led to Charles VII 's coronation at Reims and settled the disputed succession to the throne . eos
lifted the siege in only nine days . Several more swift victories led to Charles VII 's coronation at Reims and settled the disputed succession to the throne . The renewed French confidence outlasted Joan_of_Arc own brief career . eos
gained prominence when Joan_of_Arc overcame the light regard of veteran commanders and Joan_of_Arc lifted the siege in only nine days . Several more swift victories led to Charles VII 's coronation at Reims and settled the disputed succession to the throne . The renewed French confidence outlasted Joan_of_Arc own brief career . eos
overcame the light regard of veteran commanders and Joan_of_Arc lifted the siege in only nine days . Several more swift victories led to Charles VII 's coronation at Reims and settled the disputed succession to the throne . The renewed French confidence outlasted Joan_of_Arc own brief career . eos
own brief career . Joan_of_Arc refused to leave the field when Joan_of_Arc was wounded during an attempt to recapture Paris that autumn . Hampered by court intrigues , Joan_of_Arc led only minor companies from then onward and Joan_of_Arc fell prisoner at a skirmish near Compiègne the following spring . eos
refused to leave the field when Joan_of_Arc was wounded during an attempt to recapture Paris that autumn . Hampered by court intrigues , Joan_of_Arc led only minor companies from then onward and Joan_of_Arc fell prisoner at a skirmish near Compiègne the following spring . A politically motivated trial convicted Joan_of_Arc of heresy . eos
was wounded during an attempt to recapture Paris that autumn . Hampered by court intrigues , Joan_of_Arc led only minor companies from then onward and Joan_of_Arc fell prisoner at a skirmish near Compiègne the following spring . A politically motivated trial convicted Joan_of_Arc of heresy . eos
led only minor companies from then onward and Joan_of_Arc fell prisoner at a skirmish near Compiègne the following spring . A politically motivated trial convicted Joan_of_Arc of heresy . The English regent John of Lancaster , eos
fell prisoner at a skirmish near Compiègne the following spring . A politically motivated trial convicted Joan_of_Arc of heresy . The English regent John of Lancaster , eos
of heresy . The English regent John of Lancaster , 1st Duke of Bedford had Joan_of_Arc burnt at the stake in Rouen . eos
burnt at the stake in Rouen . Joan_of_Arc had been the heroine of Joan_of_Arc country at the age of seventeen and Joan_of_Arc died at just nineteen . Some twenty - four years later Pope Callixtus III reopened the case and a new finding overturned the original conviction . eos
had been the heroine of Joan_of_Arc country at the age of seventeen and Joan_of_Arc died at just nineteen . Some twenty - four years later Pope Callixtus III reopened the case and a new finding overturned the original conviction . Joan_of_Arc piety to the end impressed the retrial court . eos
country at the age of seventeen and Joan_of_Arc died at just nineteen . Some twenty - four years later Pope Callixtus III reopened the case and a new finding overturned the original conviction . Joan_of_Arc piety to the end impressed the retrial court . eos
died at just nineteen . Some twenty - four years later Pope Callixtus III reopened the case and a new finding overturned the original conviction . Joan_of_Arc piety to the end impressed the retrial court . eos
piety to the end impressed the retrial court . Pope Benedict XV canonized Joan_of_Arc on 16 May , 1920 . Joan_of_Arc has remained an important figure in Western culture . eos
on 16 May , 1920 . Joan_of_Arc has remained an important figure in Western culture . From Napoleon to the present , French politicians of all leanings have invoked Joan_of_Arc memory . eos
has remained an important figure in Western culture . From Napoleon to the present , French politicians of all leanings have invoked Joan_of_Arc memory . Major writers and composers who have created works about Joan_of_Arc include Shakespeare , Voltaire , Schiller , Verdi , Tchaikovsky , Twain , Shaw , Brecht and Honegger . eos
memory . Major writers and composers who have created works about Joan_of_Arc include Shakespeare , Voltaire , Schiller , Verdi , Tchaikovsky , Twain , Shaw , Brecht and Honegger . Depictions of Joan_of_Arc continue in film , television , and song . eos
include Shakespeare , Voltaire , Schiller , Verdi , Tchaikovsky , Twain , Shaw , Brecht and Honegger . Depictions of Joan_of_Arc continue in film , television , and song . eos
continue in film , television , and song . eos
( c 1398 - c february 3 , 1468 ) was a German goldsmith and inventor Johannes_Gutenberg invented the European technology of printing with movable type in 1447 . Movable type technology was known in Korea and China by at least 1234 , but Johannes_Gutenberg printing technology was most likely an independent invention . Johannes_Gutenberg main contribution may have been in the combination of the use of movable type , the art of making such type , the use of oil - based ink , and the wooden printing press , which was presumably derived from the various presses in use at the time , including those for book - binding and those used in wine - making and in olive - oil production . eos
invented the European technology of printing with movable type in 1447 . Movable type technology was known in Korea and China by at least 1234 , but Johannes_Gutenberg printing technology was most likely an independent invention . Johannes_Gutenberg main contribution may have been in the combination of the use of movable type , the art of making such type , the use of oil - based ink , and the wooden printing press , which was presumably derived from the various presses in use at the time , including those for book - binding and those used in wine - making and in olive - oil production . eos
printing technology was most likely an independent invention . Johannes_Gutenberg main contribution may have been in the combination of the use of movable type , the art of making such type , the use of oil - based ink , and the wooden printing press , which was presumably derived from the various presses in use at the time , including those for book - binding and those used in wine - making and in olive - oil production . Johannes_Gutenberg technology for making type is traditionally considered to have included a type metal alloy and a mould for casting type accurately . eos
main contribution may have been in the combination of the use of movable type , the art of making such type , the use of oil - based ink , and the wooden printing press , which was presumably derived from the various presses in use at the time , including those for book - binding and those used in wine - making and in olive - oil production . Johannes_Gutenberg technology for making type is traditionally considered to have included a type metal alloy and a mould for casting type accurately . The use of movable type constituted an improvement on the block printing already in use . eos
technology for making type is traditionally considered to have included a type metal alloy and a mould for casting type accurately . The use of movable type constituted an improvement on the block printing already in use . Johannes_Gutenberg was well versed in woodcut printing , having been for a period apprenticed to a playing card printer . eos
was well versed in woodcut printing , having been for a period apprenticed to a playing card printer . ( Similar techniques were used at the time for the production of printed textiles . ) Combining these elements into a production system permitted the rapid printing of written materials , which fed the information - hungry world of Renaissance Europe . eos
printing technology rapidly spread throughout Europe and is generally thought to have been a key development leading to the European Renaissance . Consequently , Johannes_Gutenberg remains a towering figure in the popular image ; in 1999 , the A&amp;E Network ranked Johannes_Gutenberg at # 1 on their ` ` People of the Millennium '' countdown . eos
remains a towering figure in the popular image ; in 1999 , the A&amp;E Network ranked Johannes_Gutenberg at # 1 on their ` ` People of the Millennium '' countdown . eos
at # 1 on their ` ` People of the Millennium '' countdown . eos
( december 27 , 1571 - november 15 , 1630 ) , a key figure in the scientific revolution , was a German mathematician , astronomer , astrologer , and an early writer of science fiction stories . Johannes_Kepler is best known for Johannes_Kepler laws of planetary motion , based on Johannes_Kepler works Astronomia nova , Harmonice Mundi and the textbook Epitome of Copernican Astronomy . Through Johannes_Kepler career Johannes_Kepler was a mathematics teacher at a Graz seminary school ( later the University of Graz , Austria ) , an assistant to Tycho Brahe , court mathematician to Emperor Rudolf II , mathematics teacher in Linz , Austria , and court astrologer to General Wallenstein . eos
is best known for Johannes_Kepler laws of planetary motion , based on Johannes_Kepler works Astronomia nova , Harmonice Mundi and the textbook Epitome of Copernican Astronomy . Through Johannes_Kepler career Johannes_Kepler was a mathematics teacher at a Graz seminary school ( later the University of Graz , Austria ) , an assistant to Tycho Brahe , court mathematician to Emperor Rudolf II , mathematics teacher in Linz , Austria , and court astrologer to General Wallenstein . Johannes_Kepler also did fundamental work in the field of optics and Johannes_Kepler helped to legitimize the telescopic discoveries of Johannes_Kepler contemporary Galileo Galilei . eos
laws of planetary motion , based on Johannes_Kepler works Astronomia nova , Harmonice Mundi and the textbook Epitome of Copernican Astronomy . Through Johannes_Kepler career Johannes_Kepler was a mathematics teacher at a Graz seminary school ( later the University of Graz , Austria ) , an assistant to Tycho Brahe , court mathematician to Emperor Rudolf II , mathematics teacher in Linz , Austria , and court astrologer to General Wallenstein . Johannes_Kepler also did fundamental work in the field of optics and Johannes_Kepler helped to legitimize the telescopic discoveries of Johannes_Kepler contemporary Galileo Galilei . eos
works Astronomia nova , Harmonice Mundi and the textbook Epitome of Copernican Astronomy . Through Johannes_Kepler career Johannes_Kepler was a mathematics teacher at a Graz seminary school ( later the University of Graz , Austria ) , an assistant to Tycho Brahe , court mathematician to Emperor Rudolf II , mathematics teacher in Linz , Austria , and court astrologer to General Wallenstein . Johannes_Kepler also did fundamental work in the field of optics and Johannes_Kepler helped to legitimize the telescopic discoveries of Johannes_Kepler contemporary Galileo Galilei . eos
career Johannes_Kepler was a mathematics teacher at a Graz seminary school ( later the University of Graz , Austria ) , an assistant to Tycho Brahe , court mathematician to Emperor Rudolf II , mathematics teacher in Linz , Austria , and court astrologer to General Wallenstein . Johannes_Kepler also did fundamental work in the field of optics and Johannes_Kepler helped to legitimize the telescopic discoveries of Johannes_Kepler contemporary Galileo Galilei . Johannes_Kepler is sometimes referred to as ` ` the first theoretical astrophysicist '' , although Carl Sagan also referred to Johannes_Kepler as the last scientific astrologer . eos
was a mathematics teacher at a Graz seminary school ( later the University of Graz , Austria ) , an assistant to Tycho Brahe , court mathematician to Emperor Rudolf II , mathematics teacher in Linz , Austria , and court astrologer to General Wallenstein . Johannes_Kepler also did fundamental work in the field of optics and Johannes_Kepler helped to legitimize the telescopic discoveries of Johannes_Kepler contemporary Galileo Galilei . Johannes_Kepler is sometimes referred to as ` ` the first theoretical astrophysicist '' , although Carl Sagan also referred to Johannes_Kepler as the last scientific astrologer . eos
also did fundamental work in the field of optics and Johannes_Kepler helped to legitimize the telescopic discoveries of Johannes_Kepler contemporary Galileo Galilei . Johannes_Kepler is sometimes referred to as ` ` the first theoretical astrophysicist '' , although Carl Sagan also referred to Johannes_Kepler as the last scientific astrologer . eos
helped to legitimize the telescopic discoveries of Johannes_Kepler contemporary Galileo Galilei . Johannes_Kepler is sometimes referred to as ` ` the first theoretical astrophysicist '' , although Carl Sagan also referred to Johannes_Kepler as the last scientific astrologer . eos
contemporary Galileo Galilei . Johannes_Kepler is sometimes referred to as ` ` the first theoretical astrophysicist '' , although Carl Sagan also referred to Johannes_Kepler as the last scientific astrologer . eos
is sometimes referred to as ` ` the first theoretical astrophysicist '' , although Carl Sagan also referred to Johannes_Kepler as the last scientific astrologer . eos
as the last scientific astrologer . eos
, GCB , KCMG , PC , QC , DCL , LLD ( january 11 , 1815 - june 6 , 1891 ) was the first Prime Minister of Canada , from july 1 , 1867 to november 5 , 1873 , and also from october 17 , 1878 to june 6 , 1891 . John_A._Macdonald was born on january 11 , 1815 in Glasgow , Scotland . John_A._Macdonald parents were Hugh Macdonald , an unsuccessful merchant , and his wife Helen Shaw , who met in Scotland in 1811 . eos
was born on january 11 , 1815 in Glasgow , Scotland . John_A._Macdonald parents were Hugh Macdonald , an unsuccessful merchant , and his wife Helen Shaw , who met in Scotland in 1811 . After the failure of John_A._Macdonald father 's business ventures , John_A._Macdonald family emigrated to Kingston , Upper Canada in 1820 along with thousands of others seeking affordable land and promises of new prosperity . eos
parents were Hugh Macdonald , an unsuccessful merchant , and his wife Helen Shaw , who met in Scotland in 1811 . After the failure of John_A._Macdonald father 's business ventures , John_A._Macdonald family emigrated to Kingston , Upper Canada in 1820 along with thousands of others seeking affordable land and promises of new prosperity . Hugh 's fortunes were to rise there . eos
father 's business ventures , John_A._Macdonald family emigrated to Kingston , Upper Canada in 1820 along with thousands of others seeking affordable land and promises of new prosperity . Hugh 's fortunes were to rise there . John_A._Macdonald was educated in the area 's finest schools . eos
family emigrated to Kingston , Upper Canada in 1820 along with thousands of others seeking affordable land and promises of new prosperity . Hugh 's fortunes were to rise there . John_A._Macdonald was educated in the area 's finest schools . eos
was educated in the area 's finest schools . John_A._Macdonald became a lawyer in 1834 and John_A._Macdonald set up John_A._Macdonald own law practice in Kingston . John_A._Macdonald earned the esteem of many by John_A._Macdonald unsuccessful but solid defence of the American raiders who were captured at the Battle of the Windmill ( 1838 , near Prescott , Ontario ) in the Rebellions of 1837 . eos
became a lawyer in 1834 and John_A._Macdonald set up John_A._Macdonald own law practice in Kingston . John_A._Macdonald earned the esteem of many by John_A._Macdonald unsuccessful but solid defence of the American raiders who were captured at the Battle of the Windmill ( 1838 , near Prescott , Ontario ) in the Rebellions of 1837 . In 1843 , at the age of 28 , John_A._Macdonald married John_A._Macdonald cousin Isabella Clark ( 1811 - 1857 ) . eos
set up John_A._Macdonald own law practice in Kingston . John_A._Macdonald earned the esteem of many by John_A._Macdonald unsuccessful but solid defence of the American raiders who were captured at the Battle of the Windmill ( 1838 , near Prescott , Ontario ) in the Rebellions of 1837 . In 1843 , at the age of 28 , John_A._Macdonald married John_A._Macdonald cousin Isabella Clark ( 1811 - 1857 ) . eos
own law practice in Kingston . John_A._Macdonald earned the esteem of many by John_A._Macdonald unsuccessful but solid defence of the American raiders who were captured at the Battle of the Windmill ( 1838 , near Prescott , Ontario ) in the Rebellions of 1837 . In 1843 , at the age of 28 , John_A._Macdonald married John_A._Macdonald cousin Isabella Clark ( 1811 - 1857 ) . eos
earned the esteem of many by John_A._Macdonald unsuccessful but solid defence of the American raiders who were captured at the Battle of the Windmill ( 1838 , near Prescott , Ontario ) in the Rebellions of 1837 . In 1843 , at the age of 28 , John_A._Macdonald married John_A._Macdonald cousin Isabella Clark ( 1811 - 1857 ) . Soon after the wedding , Isabella became terribly sick with a mysterious illness . eos
unsuccessful but solid defence of the American raiders who were captured at the Battle of the Windmill ( 1838 , near Prescott , Ontario ) in the Rebellions of 1837 . In 1843 , at the age of 28 , John_A._Macdonald married John_A._Macdonald cousin Isabella Clark ( 1811 - 1857 ) . Soon after the wedding , Isabella became terribly sick with a mysterious illness . eos
married John_A._Macdonald cousin Isabella Clark ( 1811 - 1857 ) . Soon after the wedding , Isabella became terribly sick with a mysterious illness . She depended on medication and spent most of her time in bed . eos
cousin Isabella Clark ( 1811 - 1857 ) . Soon after the wedding , Isabella became terribly sick with a mysterious illness . She depended on medication and spent most of her time in bed . eos
sister Margaret and her husband , James Williamson , after Isabella 's death in 1857 . Hugh John went on to become premier of the Province of Manitoba . In 1867 , at the age of 52 , John_A._Macdonald married John_A._Macdonald second wife Susan Agnes Bernard ( 1836 - 1920 ) . eos
married John_A._Macdonald second wife Susan Agnes Bernard ( 1836 - 1920 ) . They had one daughter , Margaret Mary Theodora Macdonald ( 1869 - 1933 ) , who was born with hydrocephalus and suffered from physical and mental disabilities . John_A._Macdonald always hoped she would recover , but she never did . eos
second wife Susan Agnes Bernard ( 1836 - 1920 ) . They had one daughter , Margaret Mary Theodora Macdonald ( 1869 - 1933 ) , who was born with hydrocephalus and suffered from physical and mental disabilities . John_A._Macdonald always hoped she would recover , but she never did . eos
always hoped she would recover , but she never did . eos
( born december 4 , 1942 ) is a Welsh musician , songwriter and record producer . John_Cale is best known for John_Cale work in rock music ( including being a founding member of the Velvet Underground ) , but John_Cale has worked in a variety of styles over the years . eos
is best known for John_Cale work in rock music ( including being a founding member of the Velvet Underground ) , but John_Cale has worked in a variety of styles over the years . eos
work in rock music ( including being a founding member of the Velvet Underground ) , but John_Cale has worked in a variety of styles over the years . eos
has worked in a variety of styles over the years . eos
( october 31 , 1950 - march 4 , 1994 ) was a Canadian comedian and actor . John_Candy rose to fame as a member of the Toronto branch of The Second City , often playing lovable losers and characters with bad luck but big hearts . John_Candy television and film roles were mostly comedic , such as John_Candy memorable characters in Stripes , The Blues Brothers , Uncle Buck , and Planes , Trains & amp ; Automobiles , but John_Candy also played serious characters in films like JFK and Cool Runnings . eos
rose to fame as a member of the Toronto branch of The Second City , often playing lovable losers and characters with bad luck but big hearts . John_Candy television and film roles were mostly comedic , such as John_Candy memorable characters in Stripes , The Blues Brothers , Uncle Buck , and Planes , Trains & amp ; Automobiles , but John_Candy also played serious characters in films like JFK and Cool Runnings . John_Candy died of a massive heart attack in 1994 . eos
television and film roles were mostly comedic , such as John_Candy memorable characters in Stripes , The Blues Brothers , Uncle Buck , and Planes , Trains & amp ; Automobiles , but John_Candy also played serious characters in films like JFK and Cool Runnings . John_Candy died of a massive heart attack in 1994 . eos
memorable characters in Stripes , The Blues Brothers , Uncle Buck , and Planes , Trains & amp ; Automobiles , but John_Candy also played serious characters in films like JFK and Cool Runnings . John_Candy died of a massive heart attack in 1994 . eos
also played serious characters in films like JFK and Cool Runnings . John_Candy died of a massive heart attack in 1994 . eos
died of a massive heart attack in 1994 . eos
( september 6 , 1766 - july 27 , 1844 ) was an English chemist and physicist , born at Eaglesfield , near Cockermouth in Cumberland . John_Dalton is most well known for John_Dalton advocacy of the atomic theory and John_Dalton research into color blindness sometimes called Daltonism in John_Dalton honor . Around about 1790 John_Dalton seems to have thought of taking up law or medicine , but John_Dalton projects were not met with encouragement from John_Dalton relatives and John_Dalton remained at Kendal until , in the spring of 1793 , John_Dalton moved to Manchester . eos
is most well known for John_Dalton advocacy of the atomic theory and John_Dalton research into color blindness sometimes called Daltonism in John_Dalton honor . Around about 1790 John_Dalton seems to have thought of taking up law or medicine , but John_Dalton projects were not met with encouragement from John_Dalton relatives and John_Dalton remained at Kendal until , in the spring of 1793 , John_Dalton moved to Manchester . Mainly through John Gough , a blind philosopher to whose aid John_Dalton owed much of John_Dalton scientific knowledge , John_Dalton was appointed teacher of mathematics and natural philosophy at the Manchester Academy . eos
advocacy of the atomic theory and John_Dalton research into color blindness sometimes called Daltonism in John_Dalton honor . Around about 1790 John_Dalton seems to have thought of taking up law or medicine , but John_Dalton projects were not met with encouragement from John_Dalton relatives and John_Dalton remained at Kendal until , in the spring of 1793 , John_Dalton moved to Manchester . Mainly through John Gough , a blind philosopher to whose aid John_Dalton owed much of John_Dalton scientific knowledge , John_Dalton was appointed teacher of mathematics and natural philosophy at the Manchester Academy . eos
research into color blindness sometimes called Daltonism in John_Dalton honor . Around about 1790 John_Dalton seems to have thought of taking up law or medicine , but John_Dalton projects were not met with encouragement from John_Dalton relatives and John_Dalton remained at Kendal until , in the spring of 1793 , John_Dalton moved to Manchester . Mainly through John Gough , a blind philosopher to whose aid John_Dalton owed much of John_Dalton scientific knowledge , John_Dalton was appointed teacher of mathematics and natural philosophy at the Manchester Academy . eos
honor . Around about 1790 John_Dalton seems to have thought of taking up law or medicine , but John_Dalton projects were not met with encouragement from John_Dalton relatives and John_Dalton remained at Kendal until , in the spring of 1793 , John_Dalton moved to Manchester . Mainly through John Gough , a blind philosopher to whose aid John_Dalton owed much of John_Dalton scientific knowledge , John_Dalton was appointed teacher of mathematics and natural philosophy at the Manchester Academy . eos
moved to Manchester . Mainly through John Gough , a blind philosopher to whose aid John_Dalton owed much of John_Dalton scientific knowledge , John_Dalton was appointed teacher of mathematics and natural philosophy at the Manchester Academy . John_Dalton remained in that position until the relocation of the college to York in 1803 , when John_Dalton became a public and private teacher of mathematics and chemistry . eos
seems to have thought of taking up law or medicine , but John_Dalton projects were not met with encouragement from John_Dalton relatives and John_Dalton remained at Kendal until , in the spring of 1793 , John_Dalton moved to Manchester . Mainly through John Gough , a blind philosopher to whose aid John_Dalton owed much of John_Dalton scientific knowledge , John_Dalton was appointed teacher of mathematics and natural philosophy at the Manchester Academy . John_Dalton remained in that position until the relocation of the college to York in 1803 , when John_Dalton became a public and private teacher of mathematics and chemistry . eos
projects were not met with encouragement from John_Dalton relatives and John_Dalton remained at Kendal until , in the spring of 1793 , John_Dalton moved to Manchester . Mainly through John Gough , a blind philosopher to whose aid John_Dalton owed much of John_Dalton scientific knowledge , John_Dalton was appointed teacher of mathematics and natural philosophy at the Manchester Academy . John_Dalton remained in that position until the relocation of the college to York in 1803 , when John_Dalton became a public and private teacher of mathematics and chemistry . eos
relatives and John_Dalton remained at Kendal until , in the spring of 1793 , John_Dalton moved to Manchester . Mainly through John Gough , a blind philosopher to whose aid John_Dalton owed much of John_Dalton scientific knowledge , John_Dalton was appointed teacher of mathematics and natural philosophy at the Manchester Academy . John_Dalton remained in that position until the relocation of the college to York in 1803 , when John_Dalton became a public and private teacher of mathematics and chemistry . eos
remained at Kendal until , in the spring of 1793 , John_Dalton moved to Manchester . Mainly through John Gough , a blind philosopher to whose aid John_Dalton owed much of John_Dalton scientific knowledge , John_Dalton was appointed teacher of mathematics and natural philosophy at the Manchester Academy . John_Dalton remained in that position until the relocation of the college to York in 1803 , when John_Dalton became a public and private teacher of mathematics and chemistry . eos
owed much of John_Dalton scientific knowledge , John_Dalton was appointed teacher of mathematics and natural philosophy at the Manchester Academy . John_Dalton remained in that position until the relocation of the college to York in 1803 , when John_Dalton became a public and private teacher of mathematics and chemistry . eos
scientific knowledge , John_Dalton was appointed teacher of mathematics and natural philosophy at the Manchester Academy . John_Dalton remained in that position until the relocation of the college to York in 1803 , when John_Dalton became a public and private teacher of mathematics and chemistry . eos
was appointed teacher of mathematics and natural philosophy at the Manchester Academy . John_Dalton remained in that position until the relocation of the college to York in 1803 , when John_Dalton became a public and private teacher of mathematics and chemistry . eos
remained in that position until the relocation of the college to York in 1803 , when John_Dalton became a public and private teacher of mathematics and chemistry . eos
became a public and private teacher of mathematics and chemistry . eos
( May 29 , 1917 - november 22 , 1963 ) , also referred to as John F Kennedy , JFK , John Kennedy , or Jack Kennedy , was the 35th President of the United States . John_F._Kennedy served from 1961 until John_F._Kennedy assassination in 1963 . John_F._Kennedy leadership during the ramming of John_F._Kennedy PT-109 during World War II led to being cited for bravery and heroism in the South Pacific . eos
served from 1961 until John_F._Kennedy assassination in 1963 . John_F._Kennedy leadership during the ramming of John_F._Kennedy PT-109 during World War II led to being cited for bravery and heroism in the South Pacific . John_F._Kennedy represented Massachusetts during 1947 - 1960 , as both a member of the US House of Representatives and US Senate . eos
assassination in 1963 . John_F._Kennedy leadership during the ramming of John_F._Kennedy PT-109 during World War II led to being cited for bravery and heroism in the South Pacific . John_F._Kennedy represented Massachusetts during 1947 - 1960 , as both a member of the US House of Representatives and US Senate . eos
leadership during the ramming of John_F._Kennedy PT-109 during World War II led to being cited for bravery and heroism in the South Pacific . John_F._Kennedy represented Massachusetts during 1947 - 1960 , as both a member of the US House of Representatives and US Senate . John_F._Kennedy was elected President in 1960 in one of the closest elections in American history . eos
PT-109 during World War II led to being cited for bravery and heroism in the South Pacific . John_F._Kennedy represented Massachusetts during 1947 - 1960 , as both a member of the US House of Representatives and US Senate . John_F._Kennedy was elected President in 1960 in one of the closest elections in American history . eos
represented Massachusetts during 1947 - 1960 , as both a member of the US House of Representatives and US Senate . John_F._Kennedy was elected President in 1960 in one of the closest elections in American history . John_F._Kennedy is the only Roman Catholic to be elected President of the United States as of 2006 . eos
was elected President in 1960 in one of the closest elections in American history . John_F._Kennedy is the only Roman Catholic to be elected President of the United States as of 2006 . Major events during John_F._Kennedy presidency included the Bay of Pigs invasion , the Cuban Missile Crisis , the building of the Berlin Wall , the Space Race , early events of the Vietnam War , and the American Civil Rights Movement . eos
is the only Roman Catholic to be elected President of the United States as of 2006 . Major events during John_F._Kennedy presidency included the Bay of Pigs invasion , the Cuban Missile Crisis , the building of the Berlin Wall , the Space Race , early events of the Vietnam War , and the American Civil Rights Movement . John_F._Kennedy was assassinated on november 22 , 1963 . eos
presidency included the Bay of Pigs invasion , the Cuban Missile Crisis , the building of the Berlin Wall , the Space Race , early events of the Vietnam War , and the American Civil Rights Movement . John_F._Kennedy was assassinated on november 22 , 1963 . Official investigations have repeatedly determined Lee Harvey Oswald was the assassin , but critics allege that Oswald acted as part of a conspiracy or was not involved at all and was framed . eos
was assassinated on november 22 , 1963 . Official investigations have repeatedly determined Lee Harvey Oswald was the assassin , but critics allege that Oswald acted as part of a conspiracy or was not involved at all and was framed . John_F._Kennedy assassination is considered to be a defining moment in US history due to its traumatic impact on the nation as well as on the political history of the ensuing decades , John_F._Kennedy subsequent branding as an icon for a new generation of Americans and American aspirations , and for the mystery and conspiracy allegations which surround it . eos
assassination is considered to be a defining moment in US history due to its traumatic impact on the nation as well as on the political history of the ensuing decades , John_F._Kennedy subsequent branding as an icon for a new generation of Americans and American aspirations , and for the mystery and conspiracy allegations which surround it . eos
subsequent branding as an icon for a new generation of Americans and American aspirations , and for the mystery and conspiracy allegations which surround it . eos
( march 24 1693-march 24 1776 ) was an English clockmaker , John_Harrison designed and built the world 's first successful chronometer ( maritime clock ) , one whose accuracy was great enough to allow the determination of longitude over long distances . eos
designed and built the world 's first successful chronometer ( maritime clock ) , one whose accuracy was great enough to allow the determination of longitude over long distances . eos
( 17 august 1629 - 17 june 1696 ; "" English : John III Sobieski "" ) was one of the most notable monarchs of the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth , the King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1674 until John_III_Sobieski death . John_III_Sobieski 22-year - reign was marked by a period of the Commonwealth 's stabilisation , much needed after the turmoil of the Deluge and Chmielnicki 's Uprising . eos
death . John_III_Sobieski 22-year - reign was marked by a period of the Commonwealth 's stabilisation , much needed after the turmoil of the Deluge and Chmielnicki 's Uprising . Popular among John_III_Sobieski subjects , John_III_Sobieski was also a brilliant military commander , most famous for John_III_Sobieski victory over the Turks in the 1683 Battle of Vienna . eos
22-year - reign was marked by a period of the Commonwealth 's stabilisation , much needed after the turmoil of the Deluge and Chmielnicki 's Uprising . Popular among John_III_Sobieski subjects , John_III_Sobieski was also a brilliant military commander , most famous for John_III_Sobieski victory over the Turks in the 1683 Battle of Vienna . For John_III_Sobieski victories over the Ottoman Empire , John_III_Sobieski was dubbed by the Turks the ` ` Lion of Lehistan . '' eos
subjects , John_III_Sobieski was also a brilliant military commander , most famous for John_III_Sobieski victory over the Turks in the 1683 Battle of Vienna . For John_III_Sobieski victories over the Ottoman Empire , John_III_Sobieski was dubbed by the Turks the ` ` Lion of Lehistan . '' eos
was also a brilliant military commander , most famous for John_III_Sobieski victory over the Turks in the 1683 Battle of Vienna . For John_III_Sobieski victories over the Ottoman Empire , John_III_Sobieski was dubbed by the Turks the ` ` Lion of Lehistan . '' eos
victory over the Turks in the 1683 Battle of Vienna . For John_III_Sobieski victories over the Ottoman Empire , John_III_Sobieski was dubbed by the Turks the ` ` Lion of Lehistan . '' eos
victories over the Ottoman Empire , John_III_Sobieski was dubbed by the Turks the ` ` Lion of Lehistan . '' eos
was dubbed by the Turks the ` ` Lion of Lehistan . '' eos
( august 29 , 1632 - october 28 , 1704 ) was an influential English philosopher . In epistemology , John_Locke has often been classified as a British Empiricist , along with David Hume and George Berkeley . John_Locke is equally important as a social contract theorist , as John_Locke developed an alternative to the Hobbesian state of nature and John_Locke eos
has often been classified as a British Empiricist , along with David Hume and George Berkeley . John_Locke is equally important as a social contract theorist , as John_Locke developed an alternative to the Hobbesian state of nature and John_Locke argued a government could only be legitimate if it received the consent of the governed through a social contract and protected the natural rights of life , liberty , and estate . eos
is equally important as a social contract theorist , as John_Locke developed an alternative to the Hobbesian state of nature and John_Locke argued a government could only be legitimate if it received the consent of the governed through a social contract and protected the natural rights of life , liberty , and estate . If such consent was not given , argued John_Locke , citizens had a right of rebellion . eos
developed an alternative to the Hobbesian state of nature and John_Locke argued a government could only be legitimate if it received the consent of the governed through a social contract and protected the natural rights of life , liberty , and estate . If such consent was not given , argued John_Locke , citizens had a right of rebellion . eos
argued a government could only be legitimate if it received the consent of the governed through a social contract and protected the natural rights of life , liberty , and estate . If such consent was not given , argued John_Locke , citizens had a right of rebellion . eos
, citizens had a right of rebellion . John_Locke is one of the few major philosophers who became a minister of government . John_Locke ideas had an enormous influence on the development of political philosophy , and John_Locke is widely regarded as one of the most influential Enlightenment thinkers and contributors to liberal theory . eos
is one of the few major philosophers who became a minister of government . John_Locke ideas had an enormous influence on the development of political philosophy , and John_Locke is widely regarded as one of the most influential Enlightenment thinkers and contributors to liberal theory . John_Locke writings , along with those of the writings of many Scottish Enlightenment thinkers , influenced the American revolutionaries as reflected in the American Declaration of Independence . eos
ideas had an enormous influence on the development of political philosophy , and John_Locke is widely regarded as one of the most influential Enlightenment thinkers and contributors to liberal theory . John_Locke writings , along with those of the writings of many Scottish Enlightenment thinkers , influenced the American revolutionaries as reflected in the American Declaration of Independence . eos
is widely regarded as one of the most influential Enlightenment thinkers and contributors to liberal theory . John_Locke writings , along with those of the writings of many Scottish Enlightenment thinkers , influenced the American revolutionaries as reflected in the American Declaration of Independence . eos
writings , along with those of the writings of many Scottish Enlightenment thinkers , influenced the American revolutionaries as reflected in the American Declaration of Independence . eos
( born january 31 , 1956 ) , also known as Johnny Rotten , is an English rock musician . John_Lydon is the lead singer of the Sex Pistols and the former lead singer of Public Image Ltd. . With John_Lydon sarcastic and provocative public persona , John_Lydon participated in laying down a new template for rebellious youth and band frontmen . eos
is the lead singer of the Sex Pistols and the former lead singer of Public Image Ltd. . With John_Lydon sarcastic and provocative public persona , John_Lydon participated in laying down a new template for rebellious youth and band frontmen . John_Lydon musical innovations have also been influential . eos
sarcastic and provocative public persona , John_Lydon participated in laying down a new template for rebellious youth and band frontmen . John_Lydon musical innovations have also been influential . John_Lydon is currently working on a new album with a reggae influence . eos
participated in laying down a new template for rebellious youth and band frontmen . John_Lydon musical innovations have also been influential . John_Lydon is currently working on a new album with a reggae influence . eos
musical innovations have also been influential . John_Lydon is currently working on a new album with a reggae influence . eos
is currently working on a new album with a reggae influence . eos
( IPA pronunciation : "" IPA : "" kutseː "" "" ; born 9 february 1940 ) , often called JM Coetzee , is a South African author ( now living in Australia ) and academic . A novelist and literary critic as well as a translator , John_Maxwell_Coetzee won the 2003 Nobel Prize in Literature . eos
won the 2003 Nobel Prize in Literature . eos
, 1st Baron Keynes , CB ( pronounced ` ` canes '' , IPA "" IPA : / keɪnz / "" ) ( 5 june 1883 - 21 april 1946 ) was a British economist John_Maynard_Keynes ideas , called Keynesian economics , had a major impact on modern economic and political theory as well as on many governments ' fiscal policies . eos
ideas , called Keynesian economics , had a major impact on modern economic and political theory as well as on many governments ' fiscal policies . John_Maynard_Keynes is particularly remembered for advocating interventionist government policy , by which the government would use fiscal and monetary measures to mitigate the adverse effects of economic recessions , depressions and booms . Economists consider John_Maynard_Keynes one of the main founders of modern theoretical macroeconomics . eos
is particularly remembered for advocating interventionist government policy , by which the government would use fiscal and monetary measures to mitigate the adverse effects of economic recessions , depressions and booms . Economists consider John_Maynard_Keynes one of the main founders of modern theoretical macroeconomics . John_Maynard_Keynes popular expression ` ` In the very long run , we are all dead '' is still quoted . eos
one of the main founders of modern theoretical macroeconomics . John_Maynard_Keynes popular expression ` ` In the very long run , we are all dead '' is still quoted . eos
popular expression ` ` In the very long run , we are all dead '' is still quoted . eos
( december 28 , 1763 - january 11 , 1836 ) was an Anglo - Quebecer John_Molson was a major brewer and entrepreneur in Canada , starting the Molson Brewing Company . Born in England , John_Molson emigrated to Canada as a young man and in 1782 John_Molson built Lower Canada 's first distillery . eos
was a major brewer and entrepreneur in Canada , starting the Molson Brewing Company . Born in England , John_Molson emigrated to Canada as a young man and in 1782 John_Molson built Lower Canada 's first distillery . John_Molson also established the Champlain and Saint Lawrence Railroad , the first railway into Canada , and John_Molson introduced steam power into Montreal industry . eos
emigrated to Canada as a young man and in 1782 John_Molson built Lower Canada 's first distillery . John_Molson also established the Champlain and Saint Lawrence Railroad , the first railway into Canada , and John_Molson introduced steam power into Montreal industry . John_Molson was a member of the Unitarian Church and also a Freemason . eos
built Lower Canada 's first distillery . John_Molson also established the Champlain and Saint Lawrence Railroad , the first railway into Canada , and John_Molson introduced steam power into Montreal industry . John_Molson was a member of the Unitarian Church and also a Freemason . eos
also established the Champlain and Saint Lawrence Railroad , the first railway into Canada , and John_Molson introduced steam power into Montreal industry . John_Molson was a member of the Unitarian Church and also a Freemason . Among John_Molson many contributions to Montreal , in 1825 John_Molson paid for the construction of the Royal Theatre on rue Saint - Paul that provided musical and theatrical entertainment similar to the music halls of France and England . eos
introduced steam power into Montreal industry . John_Molson was a member of the Unitarian Church and also a Freemason . Among John_Molson many contributions to Montreal , in 1825 John_Molson paid for the construction of the Royal Theatre on rue Saint - Paul that provided musical and theatrical entertainment similar to the music halls of France and England . eos
was a member of the Unitarian Church and also a Freemason . Among John_Molson many contributions to Montreal , in 1825 John_Molson paid for the construction of the Royal Theatre on rue Saint - Paul that provided musical and theatrical entertainment similar to the music halls of France and England . On november 4 , 1986 , the government of Canada honored John_Molson with John_Molson image on a postage stamp . eos
many contributions to Montreal , in 1825 John_Molson paid for the construction of the Royal Theatre on rue Saint - Paul that provided musical and theatrical entertainment similar to the music halls of France and England . On november 4 , 1986 , the government of Canada honored John_Molson with John_Molson image on a postage stamp . Effective january 2001 , the faculty of Commerce and Administration at Montreal 's Concordia University was renamed to the John Molson School of Business . eos
paid for the construction of the Royal Theatre on rue Saint - Paul that provided musical and theatrical entertainment similar to the music halls of France and England . On november 4 , 1986 , the government of Canada honored John_Molson with John_Molson image on a postage stamp . Effective january 2001 , the faculty of Commerce and Administration at Montreal 's Concordia University was renamed to the John Molson School of Business . eos
with John_Molson image on a postage stamp . Effective january 2001 , the faculty of Commerce and Administration at Montreal 's Concordia University was renamed to the John Molson School of Business . John_Molson son William Molson founded Molsons Bank . eos
image on a postage stamp . Effective january 2001 , the faculty of Commerce and Administration at Montreal 's Concordia University was renamed to the John Molson School of Business . John_Molson son William Molson founded Molsons Bank . eos
son William Molson founded Molsons Bank . John_Molson is interred in the Mount Royal Cemetery in Montreal , Quebec . eos
is interred in the Mount Royal Cemetery in Montreal , Quebec . eos
, OBE ( 30 august , 1939 - 25 october 2004 ) , known professionally as John Peel , was an English disc jockey , radio presenter , and journalist . Known for John_Peel eclectic taste in music and John_Peel honest and warm broadcasting style , John_Peel was a popular and respected DJ and broadcaster . John_Peel was one of the first to play reggae and punk on British radio . eos
eclectic taste in music and John_Peel honest and warm broadcasting style , John_Peel was a popular and respected DJ and broadcaster . John_Peel was one of the first to play reggae and punk on British radio . John_Peel significant influence on alternative rock , Pop , British hip hop and dance music is acknowledged . eos
honest and warm broadcasting style , John_Peel was a popular and respected DJ and broadcaster . John_Peel was one of the first to play reggae and punk on British radio . John_Peel significant influence on alternative rock , Pop , British hip hop and dance music is acknowledged . eos
was a popular and respected DJ and broadcaster . John_Peel was one of the first to play reggae and punk on British radio . John_Peel significant influence on alternative rock , Pop , British hip hop and dance music is acknowledged . eos
was one of the first to play reggae and punk on British radio . John_Peel significant influence on alternative rock , Pop , British hip hop and dance music is acknowledged . John_Peel was one of the original DJs of BBC Radio 1 in 1967 and the only original DJ remaining on that station at the time of John_Peel death . eos
significant influence on alternative rock , Pop , British hip hop and dance music is acknowledged . John_Peel was one of the original DJs of BBC Radio 1 in 1967 and the only original DJ remaining on that station at the time of John_Peel death . eos
was one of the original DJs of BBC Radio 1 in 1967 and the only original DJ remaining on that station at the time of John_Peel death . eos
death . eos
( june 17 , 1703 - march 2 , 1791 ) was an 18th - century Anglican clergyman and Christian theologian John_Wesley was an early leader in the Methodist movement . Methodism had three rises , the first at Oxford University with the founding of the so - called ` ` Holy Club '' , the second while John_Wesley was parish priest in Savannah , Georgia , and the third in London after John_Wesley return to England . The movement took form from its third rise in the early 1740s with John_Wesley , along with others , itinerant field preaching and the subsequent founding of religious societies for the formation of believers . eos
was an early leader in the Methodist movement . Methodism had three rises , the first at Oxford University with the founding of the so - called ` ` Holy Club '' , the second while John_Wesley was parish priest in Savannah , Georgia , and the third in London after John_Wesley return to England . The movement took form from its third rise in the early 1740s with John_Wesley , along with others , itinerant field preaching and the subsequent founding of religious societies for the formation of believers . eos
was parish priest in Savannah , Georgia , and the third in London after John_Wesley return to England . The movement took form from its third rise in the early 1740s with John_Wesley , along with others , itinerant field preaching and the subsequent founding of religious societies for the formation of believers . This was the first widely successful evangelical movement in the United Kingdom . eos
return to England . The movement took form from its third rise in the early 1740s with John_Wesley , along with others , itinerant field preaching and the subsequent founding of religious societies for the formation of believers . This was the first widely successful evangelical movement in the United Kingdom . eos
, along with others , itinerant field preaching and the subsequent founding of religious societies for the formation of believers . This was the first widely successful evangelical movement in the United Kingdom . John_Wesley Methodist connection included societies throughout England , Scotland , Wales , and Ireland before spreading to other parts of the English - speaking world and beyond . eos
Methodist connection included societies throughout England , Scotland , Wales , and Ireland before spreading to other parts of the English - speaking world and beyond . John_Wesley divided John_Wesley religious societies further into classes and bands for intensive accountability and religious instruction . Methodists , under John_Wesley direction , became leaders in many social justice issues of the day including prison reform and abolitionism movements . eos
divided John_Wesley religious societies further into classes and bands for intensive accountability and religious instruction . Methodists , under John_Wesley direction , became leaders in many social justice issues of the day including prison reform and abolitionism movements . John_Wesley strength as a theologian lay in John_Wesley ability to combine seemingly opposing theological stances . eos
religious societies further into classes and bands for intensive accountability and religious instruction . Methodists , under John_Wesley direction , became leaders in many social justice issues of the day including prison reform and abolitionism movements . John_Wesley strength as a theologian lay in John_Wesley ability to combine seemingly opposing theological stances . eos
direction , became leaders in many social justice issues of the day including prison reform and abolitionism movements . John_Wesley strength as a theologian lay in John_Wesley ability to combine seemingly opposing theological stances . John_Wesley greatest theological achievement was John_Wesley promotion of what John_Wesley termed ` ` Christian perfection '' , or holiness of heart and life . eos
strength as a theologian lay in John_Wesley ability to combine seemingly opposing theological stances . John_Wesley greatest theological achievement was John_Wesley promotion of what John_Wesley termed ` ` Christian perfection '' , or holiness of heart and life . John_Wesley insisted that in this life , the Christian could come to a state where the love of God , or perfect love , reigned supreme in one 's heart . eos
ability to combine seemingly opposing theological stances . John_Wesley greatest theological achievement was John_Wesley promotion of what John_Wesley termed ` ` Christian perfection '' , or holiness of heart and life . John_Wesley insisted that in this life , the Christian could come to a state where the love of God , or perfect love , reigned supreme in one 's heart . eos
greatest theological achievement was John_Wesley promotion of what John_Wesley termed ` ` Christian perfection '' , or holiness of heart and life . John_Wesley insisted that in this life , the Christian could come to a state where the love of God , or perfect love , reigned supreme in one 's heart . John_Wesley evangelical theology , especially John_Wesley understanding of Christian perfection , was firmly grounded in John_Wesley sacramental theology . eos
promotion of what John_Wesley termed ` ` Christian perfection '' , or holiness of heart and life . John_Wesley insisted that in this life , the Christian could come to a state where the love of God , or perfect love , reigned supreme in one 's heart . John_Wesley evangelical theology , especially John_Wesley understanding of Christian perfection , was firmly grounded in John_Wesley sacramental theology . eos
termed ` ` Christian perfection '' , or holiness of heart and life . John_Wesley insisted that in this life , the Christian could come to a state where the love of God , or perfect love , reigned supreme in one 's heart . John_Wesley evangelical theology , especially John_Wesley understanding of Christian perfection , was firmly grounded in John_Wesley sacramental theology . eos
insisted that in this life , the Christian could come to a state where the love of God , or perfect love , reigned supreme in one 's heart . John_Wesley evangelical theology , especially John_Wesley understanding of Christian perfection , was firmly grounded in John_Wesley sacramental theology . John_Wesley continually insisted on the general use of the means of grace ( prayer , Scripture meditation , and Holy Communion , etc . ) as the means by which God transformed the believer . eos
evangelical theology , especially John_Wesley understanding of Christian perfection , was firmly grounded in John_Wesley sacramental theology . John_Wesley continually insisted on the general use of the means of grace ( prayer , Scripture meditation , and Holy Communion , etc . ) as the means by which God transformed the believer . Throughout John_Wesley life , John_Wesley remained within the Church of England and John_Wesley insisted that John_Wesley movement was well within the bounds of the Anglican Church . eos
understanding of Christian perfection , was firmly grounded in John_Wesley sacramental theology . John_Wesley continually insisted on the general use of the means of grace ( prayer , Scripture meditation , and Holy Communion , etc . ) as the means by which God transformed the believer . Throughout John_Wesley life , John_Wesley remained within the Church of England and John_Wesley insisted that John_Wesley movement was well within the bounds of the Anglican Church . eos
sacramental theology . John_Wesley continually insisted on the general use of the means of grace ( prayer , Scripture meditation , and Holy Communion , etc . ) as the means by which God transformed the believer . Throughout John_Wesley life , John_Wesley remained within the Church of England and John_Wesley insisted that John_Wesley movement was well within the bounds of the Anglican Church . eos
continually insisted on the general use of the means of grace ( prayer , Scripture meditation , and Holy Communion , etc . ) as the means by which God transformed the believer . Throughout John_Wesley life , John_Wesley remained within the Church of England and John_Wesley insisted that John_Wesley movement was well within the bounds of the Anglican Church . John_Wesley maverick use of church policy put John_Wesley at odds with many within the Church of England , though toward the end of John_Wesley life eos
life , John_Wesley remained within the Church of England and John_Wesley insisted that John_Wesley movement was well within the bounds of the Anglican Church . John_Wesley maverick use of church policy put John_Wesley at odds with many within the Church of England , though toward the end of John_Wesley life John_Wesley was widely respected . eos
remained within the Church of England and John_Wesley insisted that John_Wesley movement was well within the bounds of the Anglican Church . John_Wesley maverick use of church policy put John_Wesley at odds with many within the Church of England , though toward the end of John_Wesley life John_Wesley was widely respected . eos
insisted that John_Wesley movement was well within the bounds of the Anglican Church . John_Wesley maverick use of church policy put John_Wesley at odds with many within the Church of England , though toward the end of John_Wesley life John_Wesley was widely respected . eos
movement was well within the bounds of the Anglican Church . John_Wesley maverick use of church policy put John_Wesley at odds with many within the Church of England , though toward the end of John_Wesley life John_Wesley was widely respected . eos
maverick use of church policy put John_Wesley at odds with many within the Church of England , though toward the end of John_Wesley life John_Wesley was widely respected . eos
at odds with many within the Church of England , though toward the end of John_Wesley life John_Wesley was widely respected . eos
life John_Wesley was widely respected . eos
was widely respected . eos
( born february 9 , 1943 ) is an American economist and a member of Columbia University faculty . Joseph_E._Stiglitz is a recipient of the John Bates Clark Medal ( 1979 ) and the Nobel Prize in Economics ( 2001 ) . Former Senior Vice President and Chief Economist of the World Bank , Joseph_E._Stiglitz is famous for Joseph_E._Stiglitz critical view of globalization and international institutions like the International Monetary Fund or the World Bank . eos
is a recipient of the John Bates Clark Medal ( 1979 ) and the Nobel Prize in Economics ( 2001 ) . Former Senior Vice President and Chief Economist of the World Bank , Joseph_E._Stiglitz is famous for Joseph_E._Stiglitz critical view of globalization and international institutions like the International Monetary Fund or the World Bank . In 2000 Joseph_E._Stiglitz founded the Initiative for Policy Dialogue ( IPD ) , a think tank on international development based at Columbia University . eos
is famous for Joseph_E._Stiglitz critical view of globalization and international institutions like the International Monetary Fund or the World Bank . In 2000 Joseph_E._Stiglitz founded the Initiative for Policy Dialogue ( IPD ) , a think tank on international development based at Columbia University . Since 2001 Joseph_E._Stiglitz has been a member of the Columbia faculty , and Joseph_E._Stiglitz has held the rank of University Professor since 2003 . eos
critical view of globalization and international institutions like the International Monetary Fund or the World Bank . In 2000 Joseph_E._Stiglitz founded the Initiative for Policy Dialogue ( IPD ) , a think tank on international development based at Columbia University . Since 2001 Joseph_E._Stiglitz has been a member of the Columbia faculty , and Joseph_E._Stiglitz has held the rank of University Professor since 2003 . eos
founded the Initiative for Policy Dialogue ( IPD ) , a think tank on international development based at Columbia University . Since 2001 Joseph_E._Stiglitz has been a member of the Columbia faculty , and Joseph_E._Stiglitz has held the rank of University Professor since 2003 . Joseph_E._Stiglitz also chairs the University of Manchester 's Brooks World Poverty Institute . eos
has been a member of the Columbia faculty , and Joseph_E._Stiglitz has held the rank of University Professor since 2003 . Joseph_E._Stiglitz also chairs the University of Manchester 's Brooks World Poverty Institute . eos
has held the rank of University Professor since 2003 . Joseph_E._Stiglitz also chairs the University of Manchester 's Brooks World Poverty Institute . eos
also chairs the University of Manchester 's Brooks World Poverty Institute . eos
, 1st Baron Lister , OM , FRS ( 5 april 1827 , Upton , Essex -10 february 1912 ) was an English surgeon Joseph_Lister_1st_Baron_Lister promoted the idea of sterile surgery while working at the Glasgow Royal Infirmary . Joseph_Lister_1st_Baron_Lister successfully introduced carbolic acid to sterilise surgical instruments and to clean wounds . eos
promoted the idea of sterile surgery while working at the Glasgow Royal Infirmary . Joseph_Lister_1st_Baron_Lister successfully introduced carbolic acid to sterilise surgical instruments and to clean wounds . eos
successfully introduced carbolic acid to sterilise surgical instruments and to clean wounds . eos
( "" Georgian : იოსებ ჯუღაშვილი "" ; "" Russian : Ио́сиф Виссарио́нович Джугашвили "" , Iosif Vissarionovich Dzhugashvili december 18 , 1878 - march 5 , 1953 ) , better known by the adopted name of Joseph Stalin , alternatively transliterated Josef Stalin , was the de facto leader and in the Western view , dictator of the Soviet Union from about 1928 to Joseph_Stalin death in 1953 . Joseph_Stalin held the title General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union ( 1922 - 1953 ) , a position that did not originally have significant influence , but through Joseph_Stalin ascendancy , became that of party leader . Between 1934 and 1953 that position was , nominally , just one of several Central Committee Secretaries , but Joseph_Stalin leadership was universally acknowledged . eos
death in 1953 . Joseph_Stalin held the title General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union ( 1922 - 1953 ) , a position that did not originally have significant influence , but through Joseph_Stalin ascendancy , became that of party leader . Between 1934 and 1953 that position was , nominally , just one of several Central Committee Secretaries , but Joseph_Stalin leadership was universally acknowledged . eos
held the title General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union ( 1922 - 1953 ) , a position that did not originally have significant influence , but through Joseph_Stalin ascendancy , became that of party leader . Between 1934 and 1953 that position was , nominally , just one of several Central Committee Secretaries , but Joseph_Stalin leadership was universally acknowledged . eos
ascendancy , became that of party leader . Between 1934 and 1953 that position was , nominally , just one of several Central Committee Secretaries , but Joseph_Stalin leadership was universally acknowledged . eos
leadership was universally acknowledged . eos
( 17 february 1864 , Tajov in the Kingdom of Hungary , present - day Slovakia - 11 May 1929 , Wilkes - Barre , Pennsylvania ) was a Slovak inventor , architect , botanist , painter , patriot , and Roman Catholic pastor . eos
contributed to wireless telegraphy and Jozef_Murgas help develop mobile communications and wireless transmission of information and human voice . Jozef_Murgas was nicknamed the Radio Priest and deemed a Renaissance man . eos
help develop mobile communications and wireless transmission of information and human voice . Jozef_Murgas was nicknamed the Radio Priest and deemed a Renaissance man . eos
was nicknamed the Radio Priest and deemed a Renaissance man . eos
( born june 18 , 1929 in Düsseldorf ) is a German philosopher and sociologist in the tradition of critical theory and American pragmatism , best known for Juergen_Habermas concept of the public sphere based in Juergen_Habermas theory and pragmatics of communicative action . Juergen_Habermas work , sometimes labeled as Neo - Marxist , focuses on the foundations of social theory and epistemology ; the analysis of advanced capitalist industrial society and of democracy ; the rule of law in a critical social - evolutionary context ; and contemporary - especially German - politics . Juergen_Habermas developed a theoretical system devoted to revealing the possibility of reason , emancipation and rational - critical communication embedded in modern liberal institutions and in the human capabilities to communicate , deliberate and pursue rational interests . eos
concept of the public sphere based in Juergen_Habermas theory and pragmatics of communicative action . Juergen_Habermas work , sometimes labeled as Neo - Marxist , focuses on the foundations of social theory and epistemology ; the analysis of advanced capitalist industrial society and of democracy ; the rule of law in a critical social - evolutionary context ; and contemporary - especially German - politics . Juergen_Habermas developed a theoretical system devoted to revealing the possibility of reason , emancipation and rational - critical communication embedded in modern liberal institutions and in the human capabilities to communicate , deliberate and pursue rational interests . eos
theory and pragmatics of communicative action . Juergen_Habermas work , sometimes labeled as Neo - Marxist , focuses on the foundations of social theory and epistemology ; the analysis of advanced capitalist industrial society and of democracy ; the rule of law in a critical social - evolutionary context ; and contemporary - especially German - politics . Juergen_Habermas developed a theoretical system devoted to revealing the possibility of reason , emancipation and rational - critical communication embedded in modern liberal institutions and in the human capabilities to communicate , deliberate and pursue rational interests . eos
work , sometimes labeled as Neo - Marxist , focuses on the foundations of social theory and epistemology ; the analysis of advanced capitalist industrial society and of democracy ; the rule of law in a critical social - evolutionary context ; and contemporary - especially German - politics . Juergen_Habermas developed a theoretical system devoted to revealing the possibility of reason , emancipation and rational - critical communication embedded in modern liberal institutions and in the human capabilities to communicate , deliberate and pursue rational interests . eos
developed a theoretical system devoted to revealing the possibility of reason , emancipation and rational - critical communication embedded in modern liberal institutions and in the human capabilities to communicate , deliberate and pursue rational interests . eos
( "" Bulgarian : Юлия Кръстева "" ) ( born 24 june 1941 ) is a Bulgarian - French philosopher , psychoanalyst , feminist , and , most recently , novelist , Julia_Kristeva has lived in France since the mid-1960s . Julia_Kristeva works have an important place in post - structuralist thought . Born in Sliven , Bulgaria , Julia_Kristeva moved to France in december 1965 , when Julia_Kristeva was 24 , escaping Stalinist Bulgarian communism . eos
has lived in France since the mid-1960s . Julia_Kristeva works have an important place in post - structuralist thought . Born in Sliven , Bulgaria , Julia_Kristeva moved to France in december 1965 , when Julia_Kristeva was 24 , escaping Stalinist Bulgarian communism . eos
works have an important place in post - structuralist thought . Born in Sliven , Bulgaria , Julia_Kristeva moved to France in december 1965 , when Julia_Kristeva was 24 , escaping Stalinist Bulgarian communism . Julia_Kristeva continued Julia_Kristeva education at several French universities . eos
moved to France in december 1965 , when Julia_Kristeva was 24 , escaping Stalinist Bulgarian communism . Julia_Kristeva continued Julia_Kristeva education at several French universities . Julia_Kristeva arrived there just in time to experience the rapidly waning influence of structuralism , which was being challenged by Michel Foucault and Jacques Derrida , among others . eos
was 24 , escaping Stalinist Bulgarian communism . Julia_Kristeva continued Julia_Kristeva education at several French universities . Julia_Kristeva arrived there just in time to experience the rapidly waning influence of structuralism , which was being challenged by Michel Foucault and Jacques Derrida , among others . eos
continued Julia_Kristeva education at several French universities . Julia_Kristeva arrived there just in time to experience the rapidly waning influence of structuralism , which was being challenged by Michel Foucault and Jacques Derrida , among others . In some ways , Julia_Kristeva work can be seen as trying to adapt a psychoanalytic approach to these poststructuralist critiques . eos
education at several French universities . Julia_Kristeva arrived there just in time to experience the rapidly waning influence of structuralism , which was being challenged by Michel Foucault and Jacques Derrida , among others . In some ways , Julia_Kristeva work can be seen as trying to adapt a psychoanalytic approach to these poststructuralist critiques . eos
arrived there just in time to experience the rapidly waning influence of structuralism , which was being challenged by Michel Foucault and Jacques Derrida , among others . In some ways , Julia_Kristeva work can be seen as trying to adapt a psychoanalytic approach to these poststructuralist critiques . Julia_Kristeva travelled to China in the 1970s and Julia_Kristeva wrote About Chinese Women ( 1977 ) about Julia_Kristeva experiences . eos
work can be seen as trying to adapt a psychoanalytic approach to these poststructuralist critiques . Julia_Kristeva travelled to China in the 1970s and Julia_Kristeva wrote About Chinese Women ( 1977 ) about Julia_Kristeva experiences . For example , Julia_Kristeva view of the subject , and its construction , shares many similarities with Sigmund Freud and Jacques Lacan . eos
travelled to China in the 1970s and Julia_Kristeva wrote About Chinese Women ( 1977 ) about Julia_Kristeva experiences . For example , Julia_Kristeva view of the subject , and its construction , shares many similarities with Sigmund Freud and Jacques Lacan . However , Julia_Kristeva rejects any formal systematical ( or structuralist ) understanding of the subject in favor of a subject perpetually ` ` in process '' or ` ` in crisis . '' eos
wrote About Chinese Women ( 1977 ) about Julia_Kristeva experiences . For example , Julia_Kristeva view of the subject , and its construction , shares many similarities with Sigmund Freud and Jacques Lacan . However , Julia_Kristeva rejects any formal systematical ( or structuralist ) understanding of the subject in favor of a subject perpetually ` ` in process '' or ` ` in crisis . '' eos
experiences . For example , Julia_Kristeva view of the subject , and its construction , shares many similarities with Sigmund Freud and Jacques Lacan . However , Julia_Kristeva rejects any formal systematical ( or structuralist ) understanding of the subject in favor of a subject perpetually ` ` in process '' or ` ` in crisis . '' eos
view of the subject , and its construction , shares many similarities with Sigmund Freud and Jacques Lacan . However , Julia_Kristeva rejects any formal systematical ( or structuralist ) understanding of the subject in favor of a subject perpetually ` ` in process '' or ` ` in crisis . '' In this way , Julia_Kristeva contributes to the poststructuralist critique of essentialized structures , while preserving a psychoanalytic approach . eos
rejects any formal systematical ( or structuralist ) understanding of the subject in favor of a subject perpetually ` ` in process '' or ` ` in crisis . '' In this way , Julia_Kristeva contributes to the poststructuralist critique of essentialized structures , while preserving a psychoanalytic approach . One of Julia_Kristeva most important propositions is Julia_Kristeva idea of the semiotic . eos
contributes to the poststructuralist critique of essentialized structures , while preserving a psychoanalytic approach . One of Julia_Kristeva most important propositions is Julia_Kristeva idea of the semiotic . Julia_Kristeva use of the term ` semiotic ' here should not be confused with the discipline of semiotics suggested by Ferdinand de Saussure . eos
most important propositions is Julia_Kristeva idea of the semiotic . Julia_Kristeva use of the term ` semiotic ' here should not be confused with the discipline of semiotics suggested by Ferdinand de Saussure . For Julia_Kristeva , the semiotic is closely related to the infantile ( pre - mirror ) state in both Lacan and Freud . eos
idea of the semiotic . Julia_Kristeva use of the term ` semiotic ' here should not be confused with the discipline of semiotics suggested by Ferdinand de Saussure . For Julia_Kristeva , the semiotic is closely related to the infantile ( pre - mirror ) state in both Lacan and Freud . eos
use of the term ` semiotic ' here should not be confused with the discipline of semiotics suggested by Ferdinand de Saussure . For Julia_Kristeva , the semiotic is closely related to the infantile ( pre - mirror ) state in both Lacan and Freud . It is an emotional force , tied to our instincts , which exists in the fissures and prosody of language rather than in the denotative meanings of words . eos
, the semiotic is closely related to the infantile ( pre - mirror ) state in both Lacan and Freud . It is an emotional force , tied to our instincts , which exists in the fissures and prosody of language rather than in the denotative meanings of words . In this sense , the semiotic is opposed to the symbolic , which refers to a more denotative mathematical correspondence of words to meaning . eos
is also noted for Julia_Kristeva work on the concepts of abjection and intertextuality . Julia_Kristeva is married to the French writer Philippe Sollers . eos
work on the concepts of abjection and intertextuality . Julia_Kristeva is married to the French writer Philippe Sollers . eos
is married to the French writer Philippe Sollers . eos
, DBE ( born october 1 , 1935 ) is an Emmy , Grammy and Academy Award - winning English actress , singer , and author , Julie_Andrews became famous for Julie_Andrews starring roles in the Broadway musical My Fair Lady and the musical films Mary Poppins ( 1964 ) and The Sound of Music ( 1965 ) . Currently , Julie_Andrews is the Official Ambassador of the Happiest Homecoming on Earth for Disneyland and Julie_Andrews eos
became famous for Julie_Andrews starring roles in the Broadway musical My Fair Lady and the musical films Mary Poppins ( 1964 ) and The Sound of Music ( 1965 ) . Currently , Julie_Andrews is the Official Ambassador of the Happiest Homecoming on Earth for Disneyland and Julie_Andrews eos
starring roles in the Broadway musical My Fair Lady and the musical films Mary Poppins ( 1964 ) and The Sound of Music ( 1965 ) . Currently , Julie_Andrews is the Official Ambassador of the Happiest Homecoming on Earth for Disneyland and Julie_Andrews eos
is the Official Ambassador of the Happiest Homecoming on Earth for Disneyland and Julie_Andrews recently made Julie_Andrews debut as a theatre director . eos
recently made Julie_Andrews debut as a theatre director . eos
debut as a theatre director . eos
( IPA : "" IPA : "" ˈgaːius ˈjuːlius ˈkaisar "" "" ;) , july 12 or july 13 , 100 BC - march 15 , 44 BC ) was a Roman military and political leader and one of the most influential men in world history . Julius_Caesar played a critical role in the transformation of the Roman Republic into what became the Roman Empire after Julius_Caesar death . eos
played a critical role in the transformation of the Roman Republic into what became the Roman Empire after Julius_Caesar death . Julius_Caesar conquest of Gaul extended the Roman world all the way to the Atlantic Ocean , and Julius_Caesar was also responsible for the first Roman invasion of Britain in 55 BC . Julius_Caesar was widely considered to be one of the foremost military geniuses of Julius_Caesar time , as well as a brilliant politician and one of the ancient world 's strongest leaders . eos
death . Julius_Caesar conquest of Gaul extended the Roman world all the way to the Atlantic Ocean , and Julius_Caesar was also responsible for the first Roman invasion of Britain in 55 BC . Julius_Caesar was widely considered to be one of the foremost military geniuses of Julius_Caesar time , as well as a brilliant politician and one of the ancient world 's strongest leaders . eos
conquest of Gaul extended the Roman world all the way to the Atlantic Ocean , and Julius_Caesar was also responsible for the first Roman invasion of Britain in 55 BC . Julius_Caesar was widely considered to be one of the foremost military geniuses of Julius_Caesar time , as well as a brilliant politician and one of the ancient world 's strongest leaders . Leading Julius_Caesar legions across the Rubicon eos
was also responsible for the first Roman invasion of Britain in 55 BC . Julius_Caesar was widely considered to be one of the foremost military geniuses of Julius_Caesar time , as well as a brilliant politician and one of the ancient world 's strongest leaders . Leading Julius_Caesar legions across the Rubicon eos
was widely considered to be one of the foremost military geniuses of Julius_Caesar time , as well as a brilliant politician and one of the ancient world 's strongest leaders . Leading Julius_Caesar legions across the Rubicon , Julius_Caesar sparked civil war in 49 BC that left Julius_Caesar the undisputed master of the Roman world . eos
time , as well as a brilliant politician and one of the ancient world 's strongest leaders . Leading Julius_Caesar legions across the Rubicon , Julius_Caesar sparked civil war in 49 BC that left Julius_Caesar the undisputed master of the Roman world . eos
legions across the Rubicon , Julius_Caesar sparked civil war in 49 BC that left Julius_Caesar the undisputed master of the Roman world . After assuming control of the government , Julius_Caesar began extensive reforms of Roman society and government . eos
the undisputed master of the Roman world . After assuming control of the government , Julius_Caesar began extensive reforms of Roman society and government . Julius_Caesar was proclaimed dictator for life , and Julius_Caesar heavily centralized the bureaucracy of the Republic . eos
sparked civil war in 49 BC that left Julius_Caesar the undisputed master of the Roman world . After assuming control of the government , Julius_Caesar began extensive reforms of Roman society and government . Julius_Caesar was proclaimed dictator for life , and Julius_Caesar heavily centralized the bureaucracy of the Republic . eos
began extensive reforms of Roman society and government . Julius_Caesar was proclaimed dictator for life , and Julius_Caesar heavily centralized the bureaucracy of the Republic . This forced the hand of a friend of Julius_Caesar , Marcus Junius Brutus , who then conspired with others to murder Julius_Caesar and restore the Republic . eos
was proclaimed dictator for life , and Julius_Caesar heavily centralized the bureaucracy of the Republic . This forced the hand of a friend of Julius_Caesar , Marcus Junius Brutus , who then conspired with others to murder Julius_Caesar and restore the Republic . This dramatic assassination occurred on the Ides of march ( march 15th ) in 44 BC and led to another Roman civil war . eos
heavily centralized the bureaucracy of the Republic . This forced the hand of a friend of Julius_Caesar , Marcus Junius Brutus , who then conspired with others to murder Julius_Caesar and restore the Republic . This dramatic assassination occurred on the Ides of march ( march 15th ) in 44 BC and led to another Roman civil war . eos
, Marcus Junius Brutus , who then conspired with others to murder Julius_Caesar and restore the Republic . This dramatic assassination occurred on the Ides of march ( march 15th ) in 44 BC and led to another Roman civil war . In 42 BC , two years after Julius_Caesar assassination , the Roman Senate officially sanctified Julius_Caesar as one of the Roman deities . eos
and restore the Republic . This dramatic assassination occurred on the Ides of march ( march 15th ) in 44 BC and led to another Roman civil war . In 42 BC , two years after Julius_Caesar assassination , the Roman Senate officially sanctified Julius_Caesar as one of the Roman deities . eos
assassination , the Roman Senate officially sanctified Julius_Caesar as one of the Roman deities . Julius_Caesar military campaigns are known in detail from Julius_Caesar own written Commentaries ( Commentarii ) , and many details of Julius_Caesar life are recorded by later historians , such as Appian , Suetonius , Plutarch , Cassius Dio and Strabo . Other information can be gleaned from other contemporary sources , such as the letters and speeches of Julius_Caesar political rival Cicero , the poetry of Catullus and the writings of the historian Sallust . eos
as one of the Roman deities . Julius_Caesar military campaigns are known in detail from Julius_Caesar own written Commentaries ( Commentarii ) , and many details of Julius_Caesar life are recorded by later historians , such as Appian , Suetonius , Plutarch , Cassius Dio and Strabo . Other information can be gleaned from other contemporary sources , such as the letters and speeches of Julius_Caesar political rival Cicero , the poetry of Catullus and the writings of the historian Sallust . eos
military campaigns are known in detail from Julius_Caesar own written Commentaries ( Commentarii ) , and many details of Julius_Caesar life are recorded by later historians , such as Appian , Suetonius , Plutarch , Cassius Dio and Strabo . Other information can be gleaned from other contemporary sources , such as the letters and speeches of Julius_Caesar political rival Cicero , the poetry of Catullus and the writings of the historian Sallust . eos
own written Commentaries ( Commentarii ) , and many details of Julius_Caesar life are recorded by later historians , such as Appian , Suetonius , Plutarch , Cassius Dio and Strabo . Other information can be gleaned from other contemporary sources , such as the letters and speeches of Julius_Caesar political rival Cicero , the poetry of Catullus and the writings of the historian Sallust . eos
life are recorded by later historians , such as Appian , Suetonius , Plutarch , Cassius Dio and Strabo . Other information can be gleaned from other contemporary sources , such as the letters and speeches of Julius_Caesar political rival Cicero , the poetry of Catullus and the writings of the historian Sallust . eos
political rival Cicero , the poetry of Catullus and the writings of the historian Sallust . eos
( Latin : Flavius Petrus Sabbatius Iustinianus , Greek : Ιουστινιανός ; May 11 , 483-november 13 , 565 ) was Eastern Roman Emperor from august 1 , 527 until Justinian_I death . eos
death . One of the most important rulers of Late Antiquity , Justinian_I is best remembered for Justinian_I reform of the legal code through the commission of Tribonian , the military expansion of imperial territory that was achieved during Justinian_I reign , primarily through the campaigns of Belisarius , and Justinian_I marriage and partnership with Justinian_I wife Empress Theodora . Justinian_I is also known as ` ` The last Roman Emperor '' and eos
is best remembered for Justinian_I reform of the legal code through the commission of Tribonian , the military expansion of imperial territory that was achieved during Justinian_I reign , primarily through the campaigns of Belisarius , and Justinian_I marriage and partnership with Justinian_I wife Empress Theodora . Justinian_I is also known as ` ` The last Roman Emperor '' and Justinian_I was the emperor who reconquered the city of Rome from the Ostrogoths . eos
reform of the legal code through the commission of Tribonian , the military expansion of imperial territory that was achieved during Justinian_I reign , primarily through the campaigns of Belisarius , and Justinian_I marriage and partnership with Justinian_I wife Empress Theodora . Justinian_I is also known as ` ` The last Roman Emperor '' and Justinian_I was the emperor who reconquered the city of Rome from the Ostrogoths . eos
reign , primarily through the campaigns of Belisarius , and Justinian_I marriage and partnership with Justinian_I wife Empress Theodora . Justinian_I is also known as ` ` The last Roman Emperor '' and Justinian_I was the emperor who reconquered the city of Rome from the Ostrogoths . eos
marriage and partnership with Justinian_I wife Empress Theodora . Justinian_I is also known as ` ` The last Roman Emperor '' and Justinian_I was the emperor who reconquered the city of Rome from the Ostrogoths . eos
wife Empress Theodora . Justinian_I is also known as ` ` The last Roman Emperor '' and Justinian_I was the emperor who reconquered the city of Rome from the Ostrogoths . eos
is also known as ` ` The last Roman Emperor '' and Justinian_I was the emperor who reconquered the city of Rome from the Ostrogoths . Justinian_I is considered a saint in the Orthodox Church , commemorated on november 14 . eos
was the emperor who reconquered the city of Rome from the Ostrogoths . Justinian_I is considered a saint in the Orthodox Church , commemorated on november 14 . eos
is considered a saint in the Orthodox Church , commemorated on november 14 . eos
( May 12 , 1803 in Darmstadt , Germany - april 18 , 1873 in Munich , Germany ) was a German chemist Justus_von_Liebig made major contributions to agricultural and biological chemistry , and Justus_von_Liebig worked on the organization of organic chemistry . As a professor , Justus_von_Liebig devised the modern laboratory - oriented teaching method , and for such innovations , Justus_von_Liebig is regarded as one of the greatest chemistry teachers of all time . Justus_von_Liebig is known as the ` ` father of the fertilizer industry '' for Justus_von_Liebig discovery of nitrogen as an essential plant nutrient , and Justus_von_Liebig formulation of the Law of the Minimum which described the effect of individual nutrients on crops . eos
made major contributions to agricultural and biological chemistry , and Justus_von_Liebig worked on the organization of organic chemistry . As a professor , Justus_von_Liebig devised the modern laboratory - oriented teaching method , and for such innovations , Justus_von_Liebig is regarded as one of the greatest chemistry teachers of all time . Justus_von_Liebig is known as the ` ` father of the fertilizer industry '' for Justus_von_Liebig discovery of nitrogen as an essential plant nutrient , and Justus_von_Liebig formulation of the Law of the Minimum which described the effect of individual nutrients on crops . eos
worked on the organization of organic chemistry . As a professor , Justus_von_Liebig devised the modern laboratory - oriented teaching method , and for such innovations , Justus_von_Liebig is regarded as one of the greatest chemistry teachers of all time . Justus_von_Liebig is known as the ` ` father of the fertilizer industry '' for Justus_von_Liebig discovery of nitrogen as an essential plant nutrient , and Justus_von_Liebig formulation of the Law of the Minimum which described the effect of individual nutrients on crops . eos
devised the modern laboratory - oriented teaching method , and for such innovations , Justus_von_Liebig is regarded as one of the greatest chemistry teachers of all time . Justus_von_Liebig is known as the ` ` father of the fertilizer industry '' for Justus_von_Liebig discovery of nitrogen as an essential plant nutrient , and Justus_von_Liebig formulation of the Law of the Minimum which described the effect of individual nutrients on crops . Justus_von_Liebig also developed a manufacturing process for beef extract , and Justus_von_Liebig founded a company that later trademarked the Oxo brand beef bouillon cube . eos
is regarded as one of the greatest chemistry teachers of all time . Justus_von_Liebig is known as the ` ` father of the fertilizer industry '' for Justus_von_Liebig discovery of nitrogen as an essential plant nutrient , and Justus_von_Liebig formulation of the Law of the Minimum which described the effect of individual nutrients on crops . Justus_von_Liebig also developed a manufacturing process for beef extract , and Justus_von_Liebig founded a company that later trademarked the Oxo brand beef bouillon cube . eos
is known as the ` ` father of the fertilizer industry '' for Justus_von_Liebig discovery of nitrogen as an essential plant nutrient , and Justus_von_Liebig formulation of the Law of the Minimum which described the effect of individual nutrients on crops . Justus_von_Liebig also developed a manufacturing process for beef extract , and Justus_von_Liebig founded a company that later trademarked the Oxo brand beef bouillon cube . eos
discovery of nitrogen as an essential plant nutrient , and Justus_von_Liebig formulation of the Law of the Minimum which described the effect of individual nutrients on crops . Justus_von_Liebig also developed a manufacturing process for beef extract , and Justus_von_Liebig founded a company that later trademarked the Oxo brand beef bouillon cube . eos
formulation of the Law of the Minimum which described the effect of individual nutrients on crops . Justus_von_Liebig also developed a manufacturing process for beef extract , and Justus_von_Liebig founded a company that later trademarked the Oxo brand beef bouillon cube . eos
founded a company that later trademarked the Oxo brand beef bouillon cube . eos
also developed a manufacturing process for beef extract , and Justus_von_Liebig founded a company that later trademarked the Oxo brand beef bouillon cube . eos
( february 17 1792 - november 26 1876 ) was a Baltic German Russian biologist and a founding father of embryology . eos
is a Turkish economist and politician . Kemal_Dervis was born on january 10 , 1949 in Istanbul to a Turkish father and a German mother . As Minister for Economic Affairs in Turkey when Bülent Ecevit was prime minister , Kemal_Dervis was the architect of Turkey 's successful three - year economic recovery program launched in 2001 . eos
was born on january 10 , 1949 in Istanbul to a Turkish father and a German mother . As Minister for Economic Affairs in Turkey when Bülent Ecevit was prime minister , Kemal_Dervis was the architect of Turkey 's successful three - year economic recovery program launched in 2001 . Before being named to head the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) , Kemal_Dervis was a member of the Turkish parliament , and a member of the joint commission of the Turkish and European parliaments . eos
was the architect of Turkey 's successful three - year economic recovery program launched in 2001 . Before being named to head the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) , Kemal_Dervis was a member of the Turkish parliament , and a member of the joint commission of the Turkish and European parliaments . Kemal_Dervis previously was a member of the European Constitutional Convention . eos
was a member of the Turkish parliament , and a member of the joint commission of the Turkish and European parliaments . Kemal_Dervis previously was a member of the European Constitutional Convention . Kemal_Dervis was named by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan to be the head of the UNDP on april 26,2005 , and Kemal_Dervis has started Kemal_Dervis four - year term on august 15 , 2005 . eos
previously was a member of the European Constitutional Convention . Kemal_Dervis was named by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan to be the head of the UNDP on april 26,2005 , and Kemal_Dervis has started Kemal_Dervis four - year term on august 15 , 2005 . Kemal_Dervis is also the Chair of the United Nations Development Group , a committee consisting of the heads of all UN funds , programmes and departments working on development issues . eos
was named by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan to be the head of the UNDP on april 26,2005 , and Kemal_Dervis has started Kemal_Dervis four - year term on august 15 , 2005 . Kemal_Dervis is also the Chair of the United Nations Development Group , a committee consisting of the heads of all UN funds , programmes and departments working on development issues . Kemal_Dervis has also been named as a candidate for United Nations Secretary General . eos
has started Kemal_Dervis four - year term on august 15 , 2005 . Kemal_Dervis is also the Chair of the United Nations Development Group , a committee consisting of the heads of all UN funds , programmes and departments working on development issues . Kemal_Dervis has also been named as a candidate for United Nations Secretary General . eos
four - year term on august 15 , 2005 . Kemal_Dervis is also the Chair of the United Nations Development Group , a committee consisting of the heads of all UN funds , programmes and departments working on development issues . Kemal_Dervis has also been named as a candidate for United Nations Secretary General . eos
is also the Chair of the United Nations Development Group , a committee consisting of the heads of all UN funds , programmes and departments working on development issues . Kemal_Dervis has also been named as a candidate for United Nations Secretary General . eos
has also been named as a candidate for United Nations Secretary General . eos
( born february 21 , 1943 ) is one of the world 's leading business and corporate strategists . Kenichi_Ohmae is known as ` Mr strategy ' and Kenichi_Ohmae has developed the 3C 's model . . The 3C 's model points out that a strategist should focus on three key factors for success . eos
is known as ` Mr strategy ' and Kenichi_Ohmae has developed the 3C 's model . . The 3C 's model points out that a strategist should focus on three key factors for success . In the construction of a business strategy , three main players must be taken into account : eos
has developed the 3C 's model . . The 3C 's model points out that a strategist should focus on three key factors for success . In the construction of a business strategy , three main players must be taken into account : eos
refers to these key factors as the three C 'S or strategic triangle . eos
is an important figure in the mythology of Great Britain , where King_Arthur appears as the ideal of kingship both in war and peace . King_Arthur is the central character in the cycle of legends known as the Matter of Britain . There is disagreement about whether King_Arthur , or a model for King_Arthur , ever actually existed . eos
appears as the ideal of kingship both in war and peace . King_Arthur is the central character in the cycle of legends known as the Matter of Britain . There is disagreement about whether King_Arthur , or a model for King_Arthur , ever actually existed . eos
is the central character in the cycle of legends known as the Matter of Britain . There is disagreement about whether King_Arthur , or a model for King_Arthur , ever actually existed . In the earliest mentions and in Welsh texts , King_Arthur is never given the title ` King ' . eos
, or a model for King_Arthur , ever actually existed . In the earliest mentions and in Welsh texts , King_Arthur is never given the title ` King ' . An early text refers to King_Arthur as a dux bellorum ( ` war leader ' ) , and medieval Welsh texts often call King_Arthur ameraudur ( ` ` emperor '' ; the word is borrowed from the Latin imperator , which could also mean ` ` war leader '' ) . eos
, ever actually existed . In the earliest mentions and in Welsh texts , King_Arthur is never given the title ` King ' . An early text refers to King_Arthur as a dux bellorum ( ` war leader ' ) , and medieval Welsh texts often call King_Arthur ameraudur ( ` ` emperor '' ; the word is borrowed from the Latin imperator , which could also mean ` ` war leader '' ) . eos
is never given the title ` King ' . An early text refers to King_Arthur as a dux bellorum ( ` war leader ' ) , and medieval Welsh texts often call King_Arthur ameraudur ( ` ` emperor '' ; the word is borrowed from the Latin imperator , which could also mean ` ` war leader '' ) . eos
as a dux bellorum ( ` war leader ' ) , and medieval Welsh texts often call King_Arthur ameraudur ( ` ` emperor '' ; the word is borrowed from the Latin imperator , which could also mean ` ` war leader '' ) . eos
ameraudur ( ` ` emperor '' ; the word is borrowed from the Latin imperator , which could also mean ` ` war leader '' ) . eos
( May 15 , 1773 - june 11 , 1859 ) ( sometimes rendered in English as Prince Klemens Metternich , or in some books , Clement Wenceslaus von Metternich ) was an Austrian politician and statesman . eos
( born june 18 , 1966 ) is a prominent Canadian figure skater Kurt_Browning was extremely popular during the late 1980s and 1990s . Kurt_Browning was born in Rocky Mountain House , Alberta and raised in Caroline , Alberta . eos
was extremely popular during the late 1980s and 1990s . Kurt_Browning was born in Rocky Mountain House , Alberta and raised in Caroline , Alberta . Kurt_Browning married Sonia Rodriguez , a principal dancer with the National Ballet of Canada , on june 30 , 1996 . eos
was born in Rocky Mountain House , Alberta and raised in Caroline , Alberta . Kurt_Browning married Sonia Rodriguez , a principal dancer with the National Ballet of Canada , on june 30 , 1996 . Their son Gabriel was born on july 12 , 2003 . eos
married Sonia Rodriguez , a principal dancer with the National Ballet of Canada , on june 30 , 1996 . Their son Gabriel was born on july 12 , 2003 . Kurt_Browning was a four - time Canadian figure skating champion and four - time World Champion . eos
was a four - time Canadian figure skating champion and four - time World Champion . Kurt_Browning represented Canada in three Winter Olympics , 1988 ( finishing 8th overall ) , 1992 ( 6th ) and 1994 eos
represented Canada in three Winter Olympics , 1988 ( finishing 8th overall ) , 1992 ( 6th ) and 1994 ( 5th ) , and Kurt_Browning was given the privilege of carrying the Canadian flag during the opening ceremonies of the 1994 games in Lillehammer , Norway . eos
was given the privilege of carrying the Canadian flag during the opening ceremonies of the 1994 games in Lillehammer , Norway . Kurt_Browning other achievements are numerous , including three Canadian Professional Championships , three World Professional Championships , a Lou Marsh Award for top Canadian Athlete ( in 1990 ) , Lionel Conacher Award winner ( 1990 and 1991 ) , Order of Canada recipient ( in 1990 ) , an American Skating World Professional Skater of the Year Award ( in 1998 ) , and a Gustav Lussi Award from the Professional Skaters ' Association ( in 2001 ) . Kurt_Browning is famous for Kurt_Browning amazing footwork . eos
other achievements are numerous , including three Canadian Professional Championships , three World Professional Championships , a Lou Marsh Award for top Canadian Athlete ( in 1990 ) , Lionel Conacher Award winner ( 1990 and 1991 ) , Order of Canada recipient ( in 1990 ) , an American Skating World Professional Skater of the Year Award ( in 1998 ) , and a Gustav Lussi Award from the Professional Skaters ' Association ( in 2001 ) . Kurt_Browning is famous for Kurt_Browning amazing footwork . On march 25 , 1988 , at the 1988 World Championships in Budapest , Hungary , Kurt_Browning landed the first quadruple jump ever in competition . eos
amazing footwork . On march 25 , 1988 , at the 1988 World Championships in Budapest , Hungary , Kurt_Browning landed the first quadruple jump ever in competition . This accomplishment is listed in the Guinness Book of Records . eos
is famous for Kurt_Browning amazing footwork . On march 25 , 1988 , at the 1988 World Championships in Budapest , Hungary , Kurt_Browning landed the first quadruple jump ever in competition . This accomplishment is listed in the Guinness Book of Records . eos
landed the first quadruple jump ever in competition . This accomplishment is listed in the Guinness Book of Records . Kurt_Browning was inducted into Canada 's Sports Hall of Fame in 1994 and Canada 's Figure Skating Hall of Fame in 2000 . eos
was inducted into Canada 's Sports Hall of Fame in 1994 and Canada 's Figure Skating Hall of Fame in 2000 . Kurt_Browning was honoured with a star on Fame in 2001 . Kurt_Browning also appeared in the 2006 FOX television program Skating with Celebrities . eos
was honoured with a star on Fame in 2001 . Kurt_Browning also appeared in the 2006 FOX television program Skating with Celebrities . eos
also appeared in the 2006 FOX television program Skating with Celebrities . eos
( born june 3 , 1961 in South Dakota ) is an American academic . Lawrence_Lessig is currently professor of law at Stanford Law School and founder of its Center for Internet and Society . Lawrence_Lessig is best known as a proponent of reduced legal restrictions on copyright , trademark and radio frequency spectrum , particularly in technology applications . eos
is currently professor of law at Stanford Law School and founder of its Center for Internet and Society . Lawrence_Lessig is best known as a proponent of reduced legal restrictions on copyright , trademark and radio frequency spectrum , particularly in technology applications . eos
is best known as a proponent of reduced legal restrictions on copyright , trademark and radio frequency spectrum , particularly in technology applications . eos
, widely known as Le Corbusier ( october 6 , 1887 - august 27 , 1965 ) , was a French Swiss born architect , famous for Le_Corbusier contributions to what is now called modernism , or the International Style . Le_Corbusier was a pioneer in theoretical studies of modern design and Le_Corbusier was dedicated to providing better living conditions for the residents of crowded cities . Le_Corbusier career spanned five decades , with iconic buildings constructed across central Europe , India , Russia , and one structure each in North and South America . eos
contributions to what is now called modernism , or the International Style . Le_Corbusier was a pioneer in theoretical studies of modern design and Le_Corbusier was dedicated to providing better living conditions for the residents of crowded cities . Le_Corbusier career spanned five decades , with iconic buildings constructed across central Europe , India , Russia , and one structure each in North and South America . eos
was a pioneer in theoretical studies of modern design and Le_Corbusier was dedicated to providing better living conditions for the residents of crowded cities . Le_Corbusier career spanned five decades , with iconic buildings constructed across central Europe , India , Russia , and one structure each in North and South America . Le_Corbusier was also an urban planner , painter , sculptor , writer and modern furniture designer . eos
was dedicated to providing better living conditions for the residents of crowded cities . Le_Corbusier career spanned five decades , with iconic buildings constructed across central Europe , India , Russia , and one structure each in North and South America . Le_Corbusier was also an urban planner , painter , sculptor , writer and modern furniture designer . eos
career spanned five decades , with iconic buildings constructed across central Europe , India , Russia , and one structure each in North and South America . Le_Corbusier was also an urban planner , painter , sculptor , writer and modern furniture designer . eos
was also an urban planner , painter , sculptor , writer and modern furniture designer . eos
, CC ( born september 21 , 1934 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian poet , novelist , and singer - songwriter . Leonard_Cohen began Leonard_Cohen career in literature , publishing Leonard_Cohen first book of poetry in Montreal in 1956 and Leonard_Cohen first novel in 1963 . Following Leonard_Cohen breakthrough in the music industry in the late 1960s , Leonard_Cohen became one of the most distinguished and influential songwriters of the late twentieth century . eos
began Leonard_Cohen career in literature , publishing Leonard_Cohen first book of poetry in Montreal in 1956 and Leonard_Cohen first novel in 1963 . Following Leonard_Cohen breakthrough in the music industry in the late 1960s , Leonard_Cohen became one of the most distinguished and influential songwriters of the late twentieth century . Musically , Leonard_Cohen early songs are based in folk music , both for melodies and instrumentation , but , beginning in the 1970s , Leonard_Cohen work shows the influence of various types of popular music and cabaret music . eos
career in literature , publishing Leonard_Cohen first book of poetry in Montreal in 1956 and Leonard_Cohen first novel in 1963 . Following Leonard_Cohen breakthrough in the music industry in the late 1960s , Leonard_Cohen became one of the most distinguished and influential songwriters of the late twentieth century . Musically , Leonard_Cohen early songs are based in folk music , both for melodies and instrumentation , but , beginning in the 1970s , Leonard_Cohen work shows the influence of various types of popular music and cabaret music . eos
first book of poetry in Montreal in 1956 and Leonard_Cohen first novel in 1963 . Following Leonard_Cohen breakthrough in the music industry in the late 1960s , Leonard_Cohen became one of the most distinguished and influential songwriters of the late twentieth century . Musically , Leonard_Cohen early songs are based in folk music , both for melodies and instrumentation , but , beginning in the 1970s , Leonard_Cohen work shows the influence of various types of popular music and cabaret music . eos
first novel in 1963 . Following Leonard_Cohen breakthrough in the music industry in the late 1960s , Leonard_Cohen became one of the most distinguished and influential songwriters of the late twentieth century . Musically , Leonard_Cohen early songs are based in folk music , both for melodies and instrumentation , but , beginning in the 1970s , Leonard_Cohen work shows the influence of various types of popular music and cabaret music . eos
breakthrough in the music industry in the late 1960s , Leonard_Cohen became one of the most distinguished and influential songwriters of the late twentieth century . Musically , Leonard_Cohen early songs are based in folk music , both for melodies and instrumentation , but , beginning in the 1970s , Leonard_Cohen work shows the influence of various types of popular music and cabaret music . Since the 1980s Leonard_Cohen typically has sung in a baritone register , with synthesizers and female backing vocals . eos
became one of the most distinguished and influential songwriters of the late twentieth century . Musically , Leonard_Cohen early songs are based in folk music , both for melodies and instrumentation , but , beginning in the 1970s , Leonard_Cohen work shows the influence of various types of popular music and cabaret music . Since the 1980s Leonard_Cohen typically has sung in a baritone register , with synthesizers and female backing vocals . eos
early songs are based in folk music , both for melodies and instrumentation , but , beginning in the 1970s , Leonard_Cohen work shows the influence of various types of popular music and cabaret music . Since the 1980s Leonard_Cohen typically has sung in a baritone register , with synthesizers and female backing vocals . Leonard_Cohen songs are often emotionally heavy and lyrically complex , owing more to the metaphoric word play of poetry than to the conventions of song craft . eos
work shows the influence of various types of popular music and cabaret music . Since the 1980s Leonard_Cohen typically has sung in a baritone register , with synthesizers and female backing vocals . Leonard_Cohen songs are often emotionally heavy and lyrically complex , owing more to the metaphoric word play of poetry than to the conventions of song craft . eos
typically has sung in a baritone register , with synthesizers and female backing vocals . Leonard_Cohen songs are often emotionally heavy and lyrically complex , owing more to the metaphoric word play of poetry than to the conventions of song craft . Leonard_Cohen work often explores the themes of religion , isolation , sex , and complex interpersonal relationships . eos
songs are often emotionally heavy and lyrically complex , owing more to the metaphoric word play of poetry than to the conventions of song craft . Leonard_Cohen work often explores the themes of religion , isolation , sex , and complex interpersonal relationships . Leonard_Cohen music has become very influential on other singer - songwriters , and more than a thousand cover versions of Leonard_Cohen work have been recorded . eos
work often explores the themes of religion , isolation , sex , and complex interpersonal relationships . Leonard_Cohen music has become very influential on other singer - songwriters , and more than a thousand cover versions of Leonard_Cohen work have been recorded . Leonard_Cohen is iconic in Leonard_Cohen native land , having been inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame and the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame . eos
music has become very influential on other singer - songwriters , and more than a thousand cover versions of Leonard_Cohen work have been recorded . Leonard_Cohen is iconic in Leonard_Cohen native land , having been inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame and the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame . Leonard_Cohen is a Companion of the Order of Canada , the nation 's highest civilian honour . eos
work have been recorded . Leonard_Cohen is iconic in Leonard_Cohen native land , having been inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame and the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame . Leonard_Cohen is a Companion of the Order of Canada , the nation 's highest civilian honour . eos
is iconic in Leonard_Cohen native land , having been inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame and the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame . Leonard_Cohen is a Companion of the Order of Canada , the nation 's highest civilian honour . eos
native land , having been inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame and the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame . Leonard_Cohen is a Companion of the Order of Canada , the nation 's highest civilian honour . eos
is a Companion of the Order of Canada , the nation 's highest civilian honour . eos
( pronounced Oiler ; IPA "" IPA : "" ˈɔʏlɐ "" "" ) ( Basel , Switzerland , april 15 , 1707 - St Petersburg , Russia , september 18 , 1783 ) was a Swiss mathematician and physicist . eos
made important discoveries in fields as diverse as calculus , number theory , and topology . Leonhard_Euler also introduced much of the modern mathematical terminology and notation , particularly for mathematical analysis , such as the notion of a mathematical function . A statement attributed to Pierre - Simon Laplace expresses Leonhard_Euler influence on mathematics : eos
also introduced much of the modern mathematical terminology and notation , particularly for mathematical analysis , such as the notion of a mathematical function . A statement attributed to Pierre - Simon Laplace expresses Leonhard_Euler influence on mathematics : ` ` Read Euler , read Euler , he is a master for us all '' . eos
influence on mathematics : ` ` Read Euler , read Euler , he is a master for us all '' . Leonhard_Euler was featured on the sixth series of the Swiss 10-franc banknote and on numerous Swiss , German , and Russian postage stamps . eos
was featured on the sixth series of the Swiss 10-franc banknote and on numerous Swiss , German , and Russian postage stamps . The asteroid 2002 Euler was named in Leonhard_Euler honor . eos
honor . eos
( january 4 , 1809 - january 6 , 1852 ) was the inventor of braille , a world - wide system used by blind and visually impaired people for reading and writing . Braille is read by passing one 's fingers over characters made up of an arrangement of one to six embossed points . It has been adapted to almost every known language . eos
( november 18 , 1787 - july 10 , 1851 ) was the French artist and chemist who is recognized for Louis_Daguerre invention of the Daguerreotype process of photography . eos
invention of the Daguerreotype process of photography . eos
( december 27 1822 - september 28 1895 ) was a French microbiologist and chemist . Louis_Pasteur is best known for demonstrating how to prevent milk and wine from going sour , which came to be called pasteurization . Louis_Pasteur experiments confirmed the germ theory of disease , and Louis_Pasteur created the first vaccine for rabies . eos
is best known for demonstrating how to prevent milk and wine from going sour , which came to be called pasteurization . Louis_Pasteur experiments confirmed the germ theory of disease , and Louis_Pasteur created the first vaccine for rabies . Louis_Pasteur became one of the main founders of bacteriology , the other major figure being Robert Koch . eos
experiments confirmed the germ theory of disease , and Louis_Pasteur created the first vaccine for rabies . Louis_Pasteur became one of the main founders of bacteriology , the other major figure being Robert Koch . Louis_Pasteur also made many discoveries in the field of chemistry , most notably the asymmetry of crystals . eos
created the first vaccine for rabies . Louis_Pasteur became one of the main founders of bacteriology , the other major figure being Robert Koch . Louis_Pasteur also made many discoveries in the field of chemistry , most notably the asymmetry of crystals . eos
became one of the main founders of bacteriology , the other major figure being Robert Koch . Louis_Pasteur also made many discoveries in the field of chemistry , most notably the asymmetry of crystals . Louis_Pasteur was born in Dole in the Jura region of France and Louis_Pasteur grew up in the town of Arbois . eos
also made many discoveries in the field of chemistry , most notably the asymmetry of crystals . Louis_Pasteur was born in Dole in the Jura region of France and Louis_Pasteur grew up in the town of Arbois . Louis_Pasteur father , Jean Pasteur , was a tanner and a veteran of the Napoleonic wars . eos
was born in Dole in the Jura region of France and Louis_Pasteur grew up in the town of Arbois . Louis_Pasteur father , Jean Pasteur , was a tanner and a veteran of the Napoleonic wars . Louis_Pasteur aptitude was recognized by Louis_Pasteur college headmaster , who recommended that Louis_Pasteur apply for the École Normale Supérieure , which accepted Louis_Pasteur . eos
grew up in the town of Arbois . Louis_Pasteur father , Jean Pasteur , was a tanner and a veteran of the Napoleonic wars . Louis_Pasteur aptitude was recognized by Louis_Pasteur college headmaster , who recommended that Louis_Pasteur apply for the École Normale Supérieure , which accepted Louis_Pasteur . eos
father , Jean Pasteur , was a tanner and a veteran of the Napoleonic wars . Louis_Pasteur aptitude was recognized by Louis_Pasteur college headmaster , who recommended that Louis_Pasteur apply for the École Normale Supérieure , which accepted Louis_Pasteur . After serving briefly as professor of physics at Dijon Lycee in 1848 , Louis_Pasteur became professor of chemistry at Strasbourg University , where Louis_Pasteur met and courted Marie Laurent , daughter of the university 's rector in 1849 . eos
aptitude was recognized by Louis_Pasteur college headmaster , who recommended that Louis_Pasteur apply for the École Normale Supérieure , which accepted Louis_Pasteur . After serving briefly as professor of physics at Dijon Lycee in 1848 , Louis_Pasteur became professor of chemistry at Strasbourg University , where Louis_Pasteur met and courted Marie Laurent , daughter of the university 's rector in 1849 . Together they had five children , only two of whom survived to adulthood . eos
college headmaster , who recommended that Louis_Pasteur apply for the École Normale Supérieure , which accepted Louis_Pasteur . After serving briefly as professor of physics at Dijon Lycee in 1848 , Louis_Pasteur became professor of chemistry at Strasbourg University , where Louis_Pasteur met and courted Marie Laurent , daughter of the university 's rector in 1849 . Together they had five children , only two of whom survived to adulthood . eos
apply for the École Normale Supérieure , which accepted Louis_Pasteur . After serving briefly as professor of physics at Dijon Lycee in 1848 , Louis_Pasteur became professor of chemistry at Strasbourg University , where Louis_Pasteur met and courted Marie Laurent , daughter of the university 's rector in 1849 . Together they had five children , only two of whom survived to adulthood . eos
. After serving briefly as professor of physics at Dijon Lycee in 1848 , Louis_Pasteur became professor of chemistry at Strasbourg University , where Louis_Pasteur met and courted Marie Laurent , daughter of the university 's rector in 1849 . Together they had five children , only two of whom survived to adulthood . eos
became professor of chemistry at Strasbourg University , where Louis_Pasteur met and courted Marie Laurent , daughter of the university 's rector in 1849 . Together they had five children , only two of whom survived to adulthood . Throughout Louis_Pasteur whole life , Louis_Pasteur remained an ardent Catholic . eos
met and courted Marie Laurent , daughter of the university 's rector in 1849 . Together they had five children , only two of whom survived to adulthood . Throughout Louis_Pasteur whole life , Louis_Pasteur remained an ardent Catholic . eos
whole life , Louis_Pasteur remained an ardent Catholic . A well - known quote illustrating this is attributed to Louis_Pasteur : ` ` I have the faith of a Breton peasant and by the time I die eos
remained an ardent Catholic . A well - known quote illustrating this is attributed to Louis_Pasteur : ` ` I have the faith of a Breton peasant and by the time I die eos
: ` ` I have the faith of a Breton peasant and by the time I die I hope to have the faith of a Breton peasant 's wife . '' eos
( born february 10 , 1947 in Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) is the current UN High Commissioner for Human Rights and a former Supreme Court of Canada Justice . eos
, ( november 30 , 1874-april 24 , 1942 ) was a Canadian author , best known for a series of novels beginning with Anne of Green Gables . eos
( december 26 , 1893 - september 9 , 1976 ) ( also Mao Tse - Tung in Wade - Giles transliteration ) was a Chinese Marxist military and political leader , Mao_Zedong led the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) to victory against the Kuomintang ( KMT ) in the Chinese Civil War , leading to the establishment of the People 's Republic of China on october 1 , 1949 in Beijing . Mao_Zedong pursued the ideal of a strong , prosperous and socially egalitarian China , endeavoring to build a modern socialist nation . eos
led the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) to victory against the Kuomintang ( KMT ) in the Chinese Civil War , leading to the establishment of the People 's Republic of China on october 1 , 1949 in Beijing . Mao_Zedong pursued the ideal of a strong , prosperous and socially egalitarian China , endeavoring to build a modern socialist nation . However , the failings of Mao_Zedong most significant socio - political programs - including the Anti - Rightist Campaign , the Great Leap Forward , and the Cultural Revolution - have been widely criticized . eos
pursued the ideal of a strong , prosperous and socially egalitarian China , endeavoring to build a modern socialist nation . However , the failings of Mao_Zedong most significant socio - political programs - including the Anti - Rightist Campaign , the Great Leap Forward , and the Cultural Revolution - have been widely criticized . Mao_Zedong is a controversial figure today . eos
most significant socio - political programs - including the Anti - Rightist Campaign , the Great Leap Forward , and the Cultural Revolution - have been widely criticized . Mao_Zedong is a controversial figure today . While officially held in high regard in China , Mao_Zedong is today rarely mentioned by the government , whose policies have diverged greatly from those of Mao_Zedong . eos
is a controversial figure today . While officially held in high regard in China , Mao_Zedong is today rarely mentioned by the government , whose policies have diverged greatly from those of Mao_Zedong . Maoists around the world look to Mao_Zedong as a great revolutionary leader Mao_Zedong thought is the highest expression of Marxism . eos
is today rarely mentioned by the government , whose policies have diverged greatly from those of Mao_Zedong . Maoists around the world look to Mao_Zedong as a great revolutionary leader Mao_Zedong thought is the highest expression of Marxism . Many of Mao_Zedong detractors however accuse Mao_Zedong of having been a mass - murderer , holding Mao_Zedong leadership accountable for the deaths of tens of millions of innocent Chinese . eos
. Maoists around the world look to Mao_Zedong as a great revolutionary leader Mao_Zedong thought is the highest expression of Marxism . Many of Mao_Zedong detractors however accuse Mao_Zedong of having been a mass - murderer , holding Mao_Zedong leadership accountable for the deaths of tens of millions of innocent Chinese . eos
as a great revolutionary leader Mao_Zedong thought is the highest expression of Marxism . Many of Mao_Zedong detractors however accuse Mao_Zedong of having been a mass - murderer , holding Mao_Zedong leadership accountable for the deaths of tens of millions of innocent Chinese . eos
thought is the highest expression of Marxism . Many of Mao_Zedong detractors however accuse Mao_Zedong of having been a mass - murderer , holding Mao_Zedong leadership accountable for the deaths of tens of millions of innocent Chinese . eos
detractors however accuse Mao_Zedong of having been a mass - murderer , holding Mao_Zedong leadership accountable for the deaths of tens of millions of innocent Chinese . eos
of having been a mass - murderer , holding Mao_Zedong leadership accountable for the deaths of tens of millions of innocent Chinese . eos
leadership accountable for the deaths of tens of millions of innocent Chinese . eos
, OC ( born november 18 , 1939 ) is a Canadian writer . A prolific poet , novelist , literary critic , feminist and political activist , Margaret_Atwood has received recognition nationally and internationally for Margaret_Atwood writing . eos
has received recognition nationally and internationally for Margaret_Atwood writing . eos
writing . eos
( Polish : Maria Skłodowska - Curie , born Maria Skłodowska , november 7 1867 - july 4 1934 ) was a Polish - French physicist and chemist . eos
was a pioneer in the early field of radioactivity , later becoming the first two - time Nobel laureate and the only person with Nobel Prizes in two different fields of science ( physics and chemistry ) . Marie_Curie also became the first woman appointed to teach at the Sorbonne . Marie_Curie was born a Pole in Warsaw , and Marie_Curie spent Marie_Curie early years there , but in 1891 at age 24 , Marie_Curie moved to France to study science in Paris . eos
also became the first woman appointed to teach at the Sorbonne . Marie_Curie was born a Pole in Warsaw , and Marie_Curie spent Marie_Curie early years there , but in 1891 at age 24 , Marie_Curie moved to France to study science in Paris . Marie_Curie obtained all Marie_Curie higher degrees and Marie_Curie conducted Marie_Curie scientific career there , and Marie_Curie became a naturalized French citizen . eos
was born a Pole in Warsaw , and Marie_Curie spent Marie_Curie early years there , but in 1891 at age 24 , Marie_Curie moved to France to study science in Paris . Marie_Curie obtained all Marie_Curie higher degrees and Marie_Curie conducted Marie_Curie scientific career there , and Marie_Curie became a naturalized French citizen . Marie_Curie founded the Curie Institutes in Paris and in Warsaw . eos
spent Marie_Curie early years there , but in 1891 at age 24 , Marie_Curie moved to France to study science in Paris . Marie_Curie obtained all Marie_Curie higher degrees and Marie_Curie conducted Marie_Curie scientific career there , and Marie_Curie became a naturalized French citizen . Marie_Curie founded the Curie Institutes in Paris and in Warsaw . eos
early years there , but in 1891 at age 24 , Marie_Curie moved to France to study science in Paris . Marie_Curie obtained all Marie_Curie higher degrees and Marie_Curie conducted Marie_Curie scientific career there , and Marie_Curie became a naturalized French citizen . Marie_Curie founded the Curie Institutes in Paris and in Warsaw . eos
moved to France to study science in Paris . Marie_Curie obtained all Marie_Curie higher degrees and Marie_Curie conducted Marie_Curie scientific career there , and Marie_Curie became a naturalized French citizen . Marie_Curie founded the Curie Institutes in Paris and in Warsaw . eos
conducted Marie_Curie scientific career there , and Marie_Curie became a naturalized French citizen . Marie_Curie founded the Curie Institutes in Paris and in Warsaw . eos
scientific career there , and Marie_Curie became a naturalized French citizen . Marie_Curie founded the Curie Institutes in Paris and in Warsaw . eos
became a naturalized French citizen . Marie_Curie founded the Curie Institutes in Paris and in Warsaw . eos
obtained all Marie_Curie higher degrees and Marie_Curie conducted Marie_Curie scientific career there , and Marie_Curie became a naturalized French citizen . Marie_Curie founded the Curie Institutes in Paris and in Warsaw . eos
higher degrees and Marie_Curie conducted Marie_Curie scientific career there , and Marie_Curie became a naturalized French citizen . Marie_Curie founded the Curie Institutes in Paris and in Warsaw . eos
founded the Curie Institutes in Paris and in Warsaw . eos
( october 15 1880 - october 2 1958 ) was a Scottish author , campaigner for women 's rights and pioneer in the field of family planning . Marie_Stopes edited the journal Birth Control News which gave anatomically explicit advice , and in addition to Marie_Stopes enthusiasm for protests at places of worship this provoked protest from both the Church of England and the Catholic Church . Marie_Stopes sex manual Married Love , which was written while Marie_Stopes was still a virgin , was controversial and influential . eos
edited the journal Birth Control News which gave anatomically explicit advice , and in addition to Marie_Stopes enthusiasm for protests at places of worship this provoked protest from both the Church of England and the Catholic Church . Marie_Stopes sex manual Married Love , which was written while Marie_Stopes was still a virgin , was controversial and influential . In 1999 Marie_Stopes was voted ` Woman of the Millennium ' by Guardian newspaper readers in the UK . eos
enthusiasm for protests at places of worship this provoked protest from both the Church of England and the Catholic Church . Marie_Stopes sex manual Married Love , which was written while Marie_Stopes was still a virgin , was controversial and influential . In 1999 Marie_Stopes was voted ` Woman of the Millennium ' by Guardian newspaper readers in the UK . eos
sex manual Married Love , which was written while Marie_Stopes was still a virgin , was controversial and influential . In 1999 Marie_Stopes was voted ` Woman of the Millennium ' by Guardian newspaper readers in the UK . The modern organisation that bears Marie_Stopes name , Marie Stopes International Global Partnership , works in 38 countries across the world and currently in the UK is the largest provider of family planning services outside the National Health Service . eos
was still a virgin , was controversial and influential . In 1999 Marie_Stopes was voted ` Woman of the Millennium ' by Guardian newspaper readers in the UK . The modern organisation that bears Marie_Stopes name , Marie Stopes International Global Partnership , works in 38 countries across the world and currently in the UK is the largest provider of family planning services outside the National Health Service . eos
was voted ` Woman of the Millennium ' by Guardian newspaper readers in the UK . The modern organisation that bears Marie_Stopes name , Marie Stopes International Global Partnership , works in 38 countries across the world and currently in the UK is the largest provider of family planning services outside the National Health Service . eos
name , Marie Stopes International Global Partnership , works in 38 countries across the world and currently in the UK is the largest provider of family planning services outside the National Health Service . eos
( born october 5 , 1965 , in Ville Emard , Quebec , Canada ) is a retired professional ice hockey centre Mario_Lemieux played 17 seasons for the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League between 1984 and 2006 . Mario_Lemieux was also former majority owner of the Penguins before being bought out by Research in Motion Ltd. . Chairman and CEO Jim Balsillie on Friday october 6 , 2006 . Despite having to overcome cancer , and chronic back injuries , Mario_Lemieux is generally regarded as one of the greatest players to have played in the NHL . eos
played 17 seasons for the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League between 1984 and 2006 . Mario_Lemieux was also former majority owner of the Penguins before being bought out by Research in Motion Ltd. . Chairman and CEO Jim Balsillie on Friday october 6 , 2006 . Despite having to overcome cancer , and chronic back injuries , Mario_Lemieux is generally regarded as one of the greatest players to have played in the NHL . eos
was also former majority owner of the Penguins before being bought out by Research in Motion Ltd. . Chairman and CEO Jim Balsillie on Friday october 6 , 2006 . Despite having to overcome cancer , and chronic back injuries , Mario_Lemieux is generally regarded as one of the greatest players to have played in the NHL . Mario_Lemieux most prolific nicknames given to Mario_Lemieux by the media are ` ` Le Magnifique '' and ` ` Super Mario '' ; Mario_Lemieux surname , ` ` le mieux '' also literally means ` ` The best '' in French . eos
is generally regarded as one of the greatest players to have played in the NHL . Mario_Lemieux most prolific nicknames given to Mario_Lemieux by the media are ` ` Le Magnifique '' and ` ` Super Mario '' ; Mario_Lemieux surname , ` ` le mieux '' also literally means ` ` The best '' in French . Mario_Lemieux is the youngest of three sons of Jean - Guy Lemieux and Pierrette Lemieux . eos
most prolific nicknames given to Mario_Lemieux by the media are ` ` Le Magnifique '' and ` ` Super Mario '' ; Mario_Lemieux surname , ` ` le mieux '' also literally means ` ` The best '' in French . Mario_Lemieux is the youngest of three sons of Jean - Guy Lemieux and Pierrette Lemieux . Many think that had Mario_Lemieux not missed so many games throughout Mario_Lemieux career due to illness and injury , Mario_Lemieux may have come much closer to Wayne Gretzky 's records as for much of Mario_Lemieux career Mario_Lemieux averaged more points per game . eos
by the media are ` ` Le Magnifique '' and ` ` Super Mario '' ; Mario_Lemieux surname , ` ` le mieux '' also literally means ` ` The best '' in French . Mario_Lemieux is the youngest of three sons of Jean - Guy Lemieux and Pierrette Lemieux . Many think that had Mario_Lemieux not missed so many games throughout Mario_Lemieux career due to illness and injury , Mario_Lemieux may have come much closer to Wayne Gretzky 's records as for much of Mario_Lemieux career Mario_Lemieux averaged more points per game . eos
surname , ` ` le mieux '' also literally means ` ` The best '' in French . Mario_Lemieux is the youngest of three sons of Jean - Guy Lemieux and Pierrette Lemieux . Many think that had Mario_Lemieux not missed so many games throughout Mario_Lemieux career due to illness and injury , Mario_Lemieux may have come much closer to Wayne Gretzky 's records as for much of Mario_Lemieux career Mario_Lemieux averaged more points per game . eos
is the youngest of three sons of Jean - Guy Lemieux and Pierrette Lemieux . Many think that had Mario_Lemieux not missed so many games throughout Mario_Lemieux career due to illness and injury , Mario_Lemieux may have come much closer to Wayne Gretzky 's records as for much of Mario_Lemieux career Mario_Lemieux averaged more points per game . Mario_Lemieux was born on the same day as Patrick Roy , in the same Canadian province , just 200 miles apart . eos
career due to illness and injury , Mario_Lemieux may have come much closer to Wayne Gretzky 's records as for much of Mario_Lemieux career Mario_Lemieux averaged more points per game . Mario_Lemieux was born on the same day as Patrick Roy , in the same Canadian province , just 200 miles apart . eos
may have come much closer to Wayne Gretzky 's records as for much of Mario_Lemieux career Mario_Lemieux averaged more points per game . Mario_Lemieux was born on the same day as Patrick Roy , in the same Canadian province , just 200 miles apart . eos
career Mario_Lemieux averaged more points per game . Mario_Lemieux was born on the same day as Patrick Roy , in the same Canadian province , just 200 miles apart . eos
averaged more points per game . Mario_Lemieux was born on the same day as Patrick Roy , in the same Canadian province , just 200 miles apart . eos
not missed so many games throughout Mario_Lemieux career due to illness and injury , Mario_Lemieux may have come much closer to Wayne Gretzky 's records as for much of Mario_Lemieux career Mario_Lemieux averaged more points per game . Mario_Lemieux was born on the same day as Patrick Roy , in the same Canadian province , just 200 miles apart . eos
was born on the same day as Patrick Roy , in the same Canadian province , just 200 miles apart . eos
FKC ( birth name : Jorge Mario Pedro Vargas Llosa ) ( born in Arequipa , march 28 , 1936 ) is a Peruvian - Spanish writer Mario_Vargas_Llosa is one of Latin America 's leading novelists and essayists . eos
is one of Latin America 's leading novelists and essayists . eos
CC ( july 21 , 1911 - december 31 , 1980 ) was a Canadian educator , philosopher , and scholar . A professor of English literature , a literary critic , and communications theorist , Marshall_McLuhan work is viewed as one of the cornerstones of the study of media ecology . Perhaps the most celebrated English teacher of the twentieth century , Marshall_McLuhan was a fixture in media discourse from the late 1960s to Marshall_McLuhan death and Marshall_McLuhan remains highly influential . eos
work is viewed as one of the cornerstones of the study of media ecology . Perhaps the most celebrated English teacher of the twentieth century , Marshall_McLuhan was a fixture in media discourse from the late 1960s to Marshall_McLuhan death and Marshall_McLuhan remains highly influential . Timothy Leary credited a meeting with Marshall_McLuhan as inspiring Leary 's phrase ` ` Turn on , tune in , drop out . '' eos
was a fixture in media discourse from the late 1960s to Marshall_McLuhan death and Marshall_McLuhan remains highly influential . Timothy Leary credited a meeting with Marshall_McLuhan as inspiring Leary 's phrase ` ` Turn on , tune in , drop out . '' The ` ` patron saint '' of Wired magazine , Marshall_McLuhan famously coined the expressions ` ` the medium is the message '' and the ` ` global village '' . eos
death and Marshall_McLuhan remains highly influential . Timothy Leary credited a meeting with Marshall_McLuhan as inspiring Leary 's phrase ` ` Turn on , tune in , drop out . '' The ` ` patron saint '' of Wired magazine , Marshall_McLuhan famously coined the expressions ` ` the medium is the message '' and the ` ` global village '' . eos
remains highly influential . Timothy Leary credited a meeting with Marshall_McLuhan as inspiring Leary 's phrase ` ` Turn on , tune in , drop out . '' The ` ` patron saint '' of Wired magazine , Marshall_McLuhan famously coined the expressions ` ` the medium is the message '' and the ` ` global village '' . eos
as inspiring Leary 's phrase ` ` Turn on , tune in , drop out . '' The ` ` patron saint '' of Wired magazine , Marshall_McLuhan famously coined the expressions ` ` the medium is the message '' and the ` ` global village '' . eos
famously coined the expressions ` ` the medium is the message '' and the ` ` global village '' . eos
( born Martha Craven on May 6 , 1947 ) is an American philosopher , with a particular interest in ancient philosophy , political philosophy and ethics . Martha_Nussbaum was born in New York , the daughter of George Craven , a Philadelphia lawyer , and Betty Warren , a homemaker . Martha_Nussbaum studied theatre and classics at New York University ( NYU ) eos
was born in New York , the daughter of George Craven , a Philadelphia lawyer , and Betty Warren , a homemaker . Martha_Nussbaum studied theatre and classics at New York University ( NYU ) ( BA 1969 ) , gradually moving to philosophy while at Harvard ( MA 1972 ; PhD 1975 , under G E. L Owen ) . eos
studied theatre and classics at New York University ( NYU ) ( BA 1969 ) , gradually moving to philosophy while at Harvard ( MA 1972 ; PhD 1975 , under G E. L Owen ) . This period also saw Martha_Nussbaum marriage to Alan Nussbaum ( divorced in 1987 ) , conversion to Judaism , and the birth of Martha_Nussbaum daughter Rachel . eos
marriage to Alan Nussbaum ( divorced in 1987 ) , conversion to Judaism , and the birth of Martha_Nussbaum daughter Rachel . Martha_Nussbaum taught philosophy and classics at Harvard in the 1970s and early 1980s , before moving to Brown University . Martha_Nussbaum 1985 book eos
daughter Rachel . Martha_Nussbaum taught philosophy and classics at Harvard in the 1970s and early 1980s , before moving to Brown University . Martha_Nussbaum 1985 book eos
taught philosophy and classics at Harvard in the 1970s and early 1980s , before moving to Brown University . Martha_Nussbaum 1985 book The Fragility of Goodness , on ancient ethics , was particularly influential , and made Martha_Nussbaum a well - known figure throughout the humanities . eos
1985 book The Fragility of Goodness , on ancient ethics , was particularly influential , and made Martha_Nussbaum a well - known figure throughout the humanities . During the 1980s Martha_Nussbaum began a collaboration with economist Amartya Sen on issues of development and ethics . eos
a well - known figure throughout the humanities . During the 1980s Martha_Nussbaum began a collaboration with economist Amartya Sen on issues of development and ethics . With Sen , Martha_Nussbaum promoted the ` ` capability approach '' to development , which views capabilities ( ` ` substantial freedoms '' , such as the ability to live to old age , engage in economic transactions , or participate in political activities ) as the constitutive parts of development , and poverty as capability - deprivation . eos
began a collaboration with economist Amartya Sen on issues of development and ethics . With Sen , Martha_Nussbaum promoted the ` ` capability approach '' to development , which views capabilities ( ` ` substantial freedoms '' , such as the ability to live to old age , engage in economic transactions , or participate in political activities ) as the constitutive parts of development , and poverty as capability - deprivation . This contrasts with a common view that sees development purely in terms of economic growth , and poverty purely as income - deprivation . eos
promoted the ` ` capability approach '' to development , which views capabilities ( ` ` substantial freedoms '' , such as the ability to live to old age , engage in economic transactions , or participate in political activities ) as the constitutive parts of development , and poverty as capability - deprivation . This contrasts with a common view that sees development purely in terms of economic growth , and poverty purely as income - deprivation . It is also universalist , and therefore contrasts with relativist approaches to development . eos
has used the capability approach to reinterpret John Rawls ' Theory of Justice . For Martha_Nussbaum , Rawls 's Liberty Principle is only meaningful if viewed in terms of substantial freedoms , ie real opportunities based on personal and social circumstance . Likewise , inequality in the Difference Principle has to be clarified in terms of capabilities . eos
, Rawls 's Liberty Principle is only meaningful if viewed in terms of substantial freedoms , ie real opportunities based on personal and social circumstance . Likewise , inequality in the Difference Principle has to be clarified in terms of capabilities . Martha_Nussbaum has engaged in many spirited debates with other intellectuals , both in the pages of semi - popular magazines and book reviews as well as when testifying as an expert witness in court . eos
has engaged in many spirited debates with other intellectuals , both in the pages of semi - popular magazines and book reviews as well as when testifying as an expert witness in court . Martha_Nussbaum sparring partners have included Allan Bloom , John Finnis and Robert P George , Harvey Mansfield and Judith Butler , among others . Martha_Nussbaum is Ernst Freund Distinguished Service Professor of Law and Ethics at the University of Chicago Law School . eos
sparring partners have included Allan Bloom , John Finnis and Robert P George , Harvey Mansfield and Judith Butler , among others . Martha_Nussbaum is Ernst Freund Distinguished Service Professor of Law and Ethics at the University of Chicago Law School . Martha_Nussbaum also holds cross - appointments in the Divinity School and in the Departments of Philosophy and Classics . eos
is Ernst Freund Distinguished Service Professor of Law and Ethics at the University of Chicago Law School . Martha_Nussbaum also holds cross - appointments in the Divinity School and in the Departments of Philosophy and Classics . Martha_Nussbaum previously taught at Harvard University and Brown University where Martha_Nussbaum held the rank of University Professor . eos
also holds cross - appointments in the Divinity School and in the Departments of Philosophy and Classics . Martha_Nussbaum previously taught at Harvard University and Brown University where Martha_Nussbaum held the rank of University Professor . During the 2006 - 07 academic year Martha_Nussbaum and Martha_Nussbaum partner , Cass Sunstein are visiting professors of law at Harvard , where both have an outstanding offer to join the law school faculty . eos
previously taught at Harvard University and Brown University where Martha_Nussbaum held the rank of University Professor . During the 2006 - 07 academic year Martha_Nussbaum and Martha_Nussbaum partner , Cass Sunstein are visiting professors of law at Harvard , where both have an outstanding offer to join the law school faculty . eos
held the rank of University Professor . During the 2006 - 07 academic year Martha_Nussbaum and Martha_Nussbaum partner , Cass Sunstein are visiting professors of law at Harvard , where both have an outstanding offer to join the law school faculty . eos
and Martha_Nussbaum partner , Cass Sunstein are visiting professors of law at Harvard , where both have an outstanding offer to join the law school faculty . eos
partner , Cass Sunstein are visiting professors of law at Harvard , where both have an outstanding offer to join the law school faculty . eos
PC , CC , OQ ( born august 4 , 1921 in Laval , Quebec , Canada , died May 27 , 2000 in Montreal , Quebec ) was a professional ice hockey player , and Maurice_Richard played for the Montreal Canadiens from 1942 to 1960 . Maurice_Richard was the most prolific goal - scorer of Maurice_Richard era , achieving the fabled feat of 50 goals in 50 games . Maurice_Richard lived most of Maurice_Richard life in Ahuntsic , Montréal . eos
played for the Montreal Canadiens from 1942 to 1960 . Maurice_Richard was the most prolific goal - scorer of Maurice_Richard era , achieving the fabled feat of 50 goals in 50 games . Maurice_Richard lived most of Maurice_Richard life in Ahuntsic , Montréal . eos
was the most prolific goal - scorer of Maurice_Richard era , achieving the fabled feat of 50 goals in 50 games . Maurice_Richard lived most of Maurice_Richard life in Ahuntsic , Montréal . eos
era , achieving the fabled feat of 50 goals in 50 games . Maurice_Richard lived most of Maurice_Richard life in Ahuntsic , Montréal . eos
lived most of Maurice_Richard life in Ahuntsic , Montréal . eos
life in Ahuntsic , Montréal . eos
, OBE ( born 19 january , 1942 in Salisbury , Wiltshire ) , is an English actor and singer . Michael_Crawford has won critical acclaim and numerous awards during Michael_Crawford career , which includes radio , television and stage ( including appearing on stage in West End in London , and Broadway in New York ) . Although Michael_Crawford most often appears on stage , in musicals such as Phantom of the Opera and Barnum , Michael_Crawford first became a household name and famous to millions for Michael_Crawford role as the hapless Frank Spencer in the British television sitcom eos
has won critical acclaim and numerous awards during Michael_Crawford career , which includes radio , television and stage ( including appearing on stage in West End in London , and Broadway in New York ) . Although Michael_Crawford most often appears on stage , in musicals such as Phantom of the Opera and Barnum , Michael_Crawford first became a household name and famous to millions for Michael_Crawford role as the hapless Frank Spencer in the British television sitcom Some Mothers Do ` Ave ' Em ( 1973 - 78 ) , for which Michael_Crawford performed most of Michael_Crawford own stunts . eos
career , which includes radio , television and stage ( including appearing on stage in West End in London , and Broadway in New York ) . Although Michael_Crawford most often appears on stage , in musicals such as Phantom of the Opera and Barnum , Michael_Crawford first became a household name and famous to millions for Michael_Crawford role as the hapless Frank Spencer in the British television sitcom Some Mothers Do ` Ave ' Em ( 1973 - 78 ) , for which Michael_Crawford performed most of Michael_Crawford own stunts . eos
most often appears on stage , in musicals such as Phantom of the Opera and Barnum , Michael_Crawford first became a household name and famous to millions for Michael_Crawford role as the hapless Frank Spencer in the British television sitcom Some Mothers Do ` Ave ' Em ( 1973 - 78 ) , for which Michael_Crawford performed most of Michael_Crawford own stunts . The series became one of the BBC 's most successful programmes of all time . eos
first became a household name and famous to millions for Michael_Crawford role as the hapless Frank Spencer in the British television sitcom Some Mothers Do ` Ave ' Em ( 1973 - 78 ) , for which Michael_Crawford performed most of Michael_Crawford own stunts . The series became one of the BBC 's most successful programmes of all time . eos
role as the hapless Frank Spencer in the British television sitcom Some Mothers Do ` Ave ' Em ( 1973 - 78 ) , for which Michael_Crawford performed most of Michael_Crawford own stunts . The series became one of the BBC 's most successful programmes of all time . eos
performed most of Michael_Crawford own stunts . The series became one of the BBC 's most successful programmes of all time . Michael_Crawford has been awarded the OBE , and Michael_Crawford has also been named Showbusiness Personality of the Year by the Variety Club of Great Britain . eos
own stunts . The series became one of the BBC 's most successful programmes of all time . Michael_Crawford has been awarded the OBE , and Michael_Crawford has also been named Showbusiness Personality of the Year by the Variety Club of Great Britain . eos
has also been named Showbusiness Personality of the Year by the Variety Club of Great Britain . eos
has been awarded the OBE , and Michael_Crawford has also been named Showbusiness Personality of the Year by the Variety Club of Great Britain . eos
, FRS ( september 22 , 1791 - august 25 , 1867 ) was an English chemist and physicist ( or natural philosopher , in the terminology of that time ) eos
contributed significantly to the fields of electromagnetism and electrochemistry . Michael_Faraday established that magnetism could affect rays of light and that there was an underlying relationship between the two phenomena . Some historians of science refer to Michael_Faraday as the best experimentalist in the history of science . eos
established that magnetism could affect rays of light and that there was an underlying relationship between the two phenomena . Some historians of science refer to Michael_Faraday as the best experimentalist in the history of science . It was largely due to Michael_Faraday efforts that electricity became viable for use in technology . eos
as the best experimentalist in the history of science . It was largely due to Michael_Faraday efforts that electricity became viable for use in technology . The SI unit of capacitance , the farad , is named after Michael_Faraday , as is the Faraday constant , the charge on a mole of electrons ( about 96,485 coulombs ) . eos
efforts that electricity became viable for use in technology . The SI unit of capacitance , the farad , is named after Michael_Faraday , as is the Faraday constant , the charge on a mole of electrons ( about 96,485 coulombs ) . Michael_Faraday law of induction states that a magnetic field changing in time creates a proportional electromotive force . eos
, as is the Faraday constant , the charge on a mole of electrons ( about 96,485 coulombs ) . Michael_Faraday law of induction states that a magnetic field changing in time creates a proportional electromotive force . Michael_Faraday held the post of Fullerian Professor of Chemistry at the Royal Institution of Great Britain . eos
law of induction states that a magnetic field changing in time creates a proportional electromotive force . Michael_Faraday held the post of Fullerian Professor of Chemistry at the Royal Institution of Great Britain . Michael_Faraday was the first , and most famous , holder of this position to which Michael_Faraday was appointed for life . eos
held the post of Fullerian Professor of Chemistry at the Royal Institution of Great Britain . Michael_Faraday was the first , and most famous , holder of this position to which Michael_Faraday was appointed for life . eos
was appointed for life . eos
was the first , and most famous , holder of this position to which Michael_Faraday was appointed for life . eos
( "" IPA : / ɪgnatʃəf / "" ) , MP , BA , MA , PhD ( born May 12 , 1947 in Toronto ) is the Canadian Member of Parliament for Etobicoke - Lakeshore . Michael_Ignatieff is an author , journalist , documentary film - maker , and international scholar eos
is an author , journalist , documentary film - maker , and international scholar Michael_Ignatieff has held positions at Cambridge , Oxford , and Harvard . Michael_Ignatieff was based in the United Kingdom from 1978 to 2000 . eos
has held positions at Cambridge , Oxford , and Harvard . Michael_Ignatieff was based in the United Kingdom from 1978 to 2000 . During this time Michael_Ignatieff was on the faculty at both Cambridge and Oxford Universities and Michael_Ignatieff worked as a film - maker and political commentator for the BBC . eos
was based in the United Kingdom from 1978 to 2000 . During this time Michael_Ignatieff was on the faculty at both Cambridge and Oxford Universities and Michael_Ignatieff worked as a film - maker and political commentator for the BBC . Michael_Ignatieff lived in the United States from 2000 to 2005 where Michael_Ignatieff was director of Harvard 's Carr Center for Human Rights Policy . eos
was on the faculty at both Cambridge and Oxford Universities and Michael_Ignatieff worked as a film - maker and political commentator for the BBC . Michael_Ignatieff lived in the United States from 2000 to 2005 where Michael_Ignatieff was director of Harvard 's Carr Center for Human Rights Policy . Michael_Ignatieff returned to Canada in 2005 to take a position at the University of Toronto and enter politics . eos
worked as a film - maker and political commentator for the BBC . Michael_Ignatieff lived in the United States from 2000 to 2005 where Michael_Ignatieff was director of Harvard 's Carr Center for Human Rights Policy . Michael_Ignatieff returned to Canada in 2005 to take a position at the University of Toronto and enter politics . eos
lived in the United States from 2000 to 2005 where Michael_Ignatieff was director of Harvard 's Carr Center for Human Rights Policy . Michael_Ignatieff returned to Canada in 2005 to take a position at the University of Toronto and enter politics . Michael_Ignatieff was named associate critic for Human Resources and Skills Development in the Official Opposition Shadow Cabinet on february 22 , 2006 . eos
was director of Harvard 's Carr Center for Human Rights Policy . Michael_Ignatieff returned to Canada in 2005 to take a position at the University of Toronto and enter politics . Michael_Ignatieff was named associate critic for Human Resources and Skills Development in the Official Opposition Shadow Cabinet on february 22 , 2006 . eos
returned to Canada in 2005 to take a position at the University of Toronto and enter politics . Michael_Ignatieff was named associate critic for Human Resources and Skills Development in the Official Opposition Shadow Cabinet on february 22 , 2006 . However , Michael_Ignatieff left this position after announcing on april 7 , 2006 that Michael_Ignatieff would stand as one of the Liberal Party of Canada leadership candidates . eos
was named associate critic for Human Resources and Skills Development in the Official Opposition Shadow Cabinet on february 22 , 2006 . However , Michael_Ignatieff left this position after announcing on april 7 , 2006 that Michael_Ignatieff would stand as one of the Liberal Party of Canada leadership candidates . eos
left this position after announcing on april 7 , 2006 that Michael_Ignatieff would stand as one of the Liberal Party of Canada leadership candidates . eos
would stand as one of the Liberal Party of Canada leadership candidates . eos
( born Michael Andrew Fox on june 9 , 1961 in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada ) is an Emmy Award - winning , Canadian - American actor Michael_J._Fox has had success both in television and in film . Michael_J._Fox best known roles include Marty McFly from the Back to the Future trilogy ( 1985 - 1990 ) , Alex P Keaton from Family Ties ( 1982 - 1989 ) , and Mike Flaherty from Spin City 1996 - 2000 ) . Michael_J._Fox was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease in 1991 , and Michael_J._Fox disclosed Michael_J._Fox condition to the public in 1998 . eos
has had success both in television and in film . Michael_J._Fox best known roles include Marty McFly from the Back to the Future trilogy ( 1985 - 1990 ) , Alex P Keaton from Family Ties ( 1982 - 1989 ) , and Mike Flaherty from Spin City 1996 - 2000 ) . Michael_J._Fox was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease in 1991 , and Michael_J._Fox disclosed Michael_J._Fox condition to the public in 1998 . eos
best known roles include Marty McFly from the Back to the Future trilogy ( 1985 - 1990 ) , Alex P Keaton from Family Ties ( 1982 - 1989 ) , and Mike Flaherty from Spin City 1996 - 2000 ) . Michael_J._Fox was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease in 1991 , and Michael_J._Fox disclosed Michael_J._Fox condition to the public in 1998 . As the symptoms of Michael_J._Fox disease worsened , Michael_J._Fox retired from full - time acting in 2000 and Michael_J._Fox has since become an outspoken advocate for stem cell research . eos
was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease in 1991 , and Michael_J._Fox disclosed Michael_J._Fox condition to the public in 1998 . As the symptoms of Michael_J._Fox disease worsened , Michael_J._Fox retired from full - time acting in 2000 and Michael_J._Fox has since become an outspoken advocate for stem cell research . eos
disclosed Michael_J._Fox condition to the public in 1998 . As the symptoms of Michael_J._Fox disease worsened , Michael_J._Fox retired from full - time acting in 2000 and Michael_J._Fox has since become an outspoken advocate for stem cell research . eos
condition to the public in 1998 . As the symptoms of Michael_J._Fox disease worsened , Michael_J._Fox retired from full - time acting in 2000 and Michael_J._Fox has since become an outspoken advocate for stem cell research . eos
disease worsened , Michael_J._Fox retired from full - time acting in 2000 and Michael_J._Fox has since become an outspoken advocate for stem cell research . eos
retired from full - time acting in 2000 and Michael_J._Fox has since become an outspoken advocate for stem cell research . eos
has since become an outspoken advocate for stem cell research . eos
( 3 march 1935 - ) is a political theorist and writer on society , politics , and ethics currently working as a professor at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , New Jersey . Michael_Walzer has written on a wide range of topics , including just and unjust wars , nationalism , ethnicity , economic justice , criticism , radicalism , tolerance , and political obligation . Outside of Michael_Walzer academic work Michael_Walzer acts as editor - in - chief of Dissent , an American left - wing magazine and Michael_Walzer is a contributing editor to The New Republic . eos
has written on a wide range of topics , including just and unjust wars , nationalism , ethnicity , economic justice , criticism , radicalism , tolerance , and political obligation . Outside of Michael_Walzer academic work Michael_Walzer acts as editor - in - chief of Dissent , an American left - wing magazine and Michael_Walzer is a contributing editor to The New Republic . Michael_Walzer is also on the Editorial Board of the academic journal Affairs . eos
academic work Michael_Walzer acts as editor - in - chief of Dissent , an American left - wing magazine and Michael_Walzer is a contributing editor to The New Republic . Michael_Walzer is also on the Editorial Board of the academic journal Affairs . To date Michael_Walzer has written twenty - seven books and Michael_Walzer has published over three hundred articles , essays , and book reviews . eos
acts as editor - in - chief of Dissent , an American left - wing magazine and Michael_Walzer is a contributing editor to The New Republic . Michael_Walzer is also on the Editorial Board of the academic journal Affairs . To date Michael_Walzer has written twenty - seven books and Michael_Walzer has published over three hundred articles , essays , and book reviews . eos
is a contributing editor to The New Republic . Michael_Walzer is also on the Editorial Board of the academic journal Affairs . To date Michael_Walzer has written twenty - seven books and Michael_Walzer has published over three hundred articles , essays , and book reviews . eos
is also on the Editorial Board of the academic journal Affairs . To date Michael_Walzer has written twenty - seven books and Michael_Walzer has published over three hundred articles , essays , and book reviews . Michael_Walzer is a member of several philosophical organizations including the American Philosophical Society . eos
has written twenty - seven books and Michael_Walzer has published over three hundred articles , essays , and book reviews . Michael_Walzer is a member of several philosophical organizations including the American Philosophical Society . Michael_Walzer is the older brother of historian Judith Walzer Leavitt . eos
has published over three hundred articles , essays , and book reviews . Michael_Walzer is a member of several philosophical organizations including the American Philosophical Society . Michael_Walzer is the older brother of historian Judith Walzer Leavitt . eos
is a member of several philosophical organizations including the American Philosophical Society . Michael_Walzer is the older brother of historian Judith Walzer Leavitt . Michael_Walzer is usually identified as one of the leading proponents of the ` ` Communitarian '' position in political theory , along with Alasdair MacIntyre and Michael Sandel . eos
is the older brother of historian Judith Walzer Leavitt . Michael_Walzer is usually identified as one of the leading proponents of the ` ` Communitarian '' position in political theory , along with Alasdair MacIntyre and Michael Sandel . Like Sandel and MacIntyre , Michael_Walzer is not completely comfortable with this label . eos
is usually identified as one of the leading proponents of the ` ` Communitarian '' position in political theory , along with Alasdair MacIntyre and Michael Sandel . Like Sandel and MacIntyre , Michael_Walzer is not completely comfortable with this label . Michael_Walzer has , however , long argued that political theory must be grounded in the traditions and culture of particular societies and opposed what Michael_Walzer sees to be the excessive abstraction of political philosophy . eos
is not completely comfortable with this label . Michael_Walzer has , however , long argued that political theory must be grounded in the traditions and culture of particular societies and opposed what Michael_Walzer sees to be the excessive abstraction of political philosophy . Michael_Walzer most important intellectual contributions include a revitalization of just war theory that insists on the importance of ethics in wartime while eschewing pacifism ; the theory of ` ` complex equality , '' which holds that the metric of just equality is not some single material or moral good , but rather that egalitarian justice demands that each good be distributed according to its social meaning , and that no good ( like money or political power ) be allowed to dominate or distort the distribution of goods in other spheres ; and an argument that justice is primarily a moral standard within particular nations and societies , not one that can be developed in a universalized abstraction . eos
has , however , long argued that political theory must be grounded in the traditions and culture of particular societies and opposed what Michael_Walzer sees to be the excessive abstraction of political philosophy . Michael_Walzer most important intellectual contributions include a revitalization of just war theory that insists on the importance of ethics in wartime while eschewing pacifism ; the theory of ` ` complex equality , '' which holds that the metric of just equality is not some single material or moral good , but rather that egalitarian justice demands that each good be distributed according to its social meaning , and that no good ( like money or political power ) be allowed to dominate or distort the distribution of goods in other spheres ; and an argument that justice is primarily a moral standard within particular nations and societies , not one that can be developed in a universalized abstraction . eos
sees to be the excessive abstraction of political philosophy . Michael_Walzer most important intellectual contributions include a revitalization of just war theory that insists on the importance of ethics in wartime while eschewing pacifism ; the theory of ` ` complex equality , '' which holds that the metric of just equality is not some single material or moral good , but rather that egalitarian justice demands that each good be distributed according to its social meaning , and that no good ( like money or political power ) be allowed to dominate or distort the distribution of goods in other spheres ; and an argument that justice is primarily a moral standard within particular nations and societies , not one that can be developed in a universalized abstraction . eos
most important intellectual contributions include a revitalization of just war theory that insists on the importance of ethics in wartime while eschewing pacifism ; the theory of ` ` complex equality , '' which holds that the metric of just equality is not some single material or moral good , but rather that egalitarian justice demands that each good be distributed according to its social meaning , and that no good ( like money or political power ) be allowed to dominate or distort the distribution of goods in other spheres ; and an argument that justice is primarily a moral standard within particular nations and societies , not one that can be developed in a universalized abstraction . eos
( march 6 , 1475 - february 18 , 1564 ) , commonly known as Michelangelo , was an Italian Renaissance painter , sculptor , architect and poet . Despite making few forays beyond the arts , Michelangelo versatility in the disciplines Michelangelo took up was of such a high order that Michelangelo is often considered a contender for the title of the archetypal Renaissance man , along with Michelangelo rival and fellow Florentine Leonardo da Vinci . Michelangelo output in every field during Michelangelo long life was prodigious ; when the sheer volume of correspondence , sketches and reminiscences that survive is also taken into account , Michelangelo is the best - documented artist of the 16th century . eos
versatility in the disciplines Michelangelo took up was of such a high order that Michelangelo is often considered a contender for the title of the archetypal Renaissance man , along with Michelangelo rival and fellow Florentine Leonardo da Vinci . Michelangelo output in every field during Michelangelo long life was prodigious ; when the sheer volume of correspondence , sketches and reminiscences that survive is also taken into account , Michelangelo is the best - documented artist of the 16th century . Two of Michelangelo best - known works , the Pieta and the David , were sculpted in Michelangelo late twenties to early thirties . eos
took up was of such a high order that Michelangelo is often considered a contender for the title of the archetypal Renaissance man , along with Michelangelo rival and fellow Florentine Leonardo da Vinci . Michelangelo output in every field during Michelangelo long life was prodigious ; when the sheer volume of correspondence , sketches and reminiscences that survive is also taken into account , Michelangelo is the best - documented artist of the 16th century . Two of Michelangelo best - known works , the Pieta and the David , were sculpted in Michelangelo late twenties to early thirties . eos
is often considered a contender for the title of the archetypal Renaissance man , along with Michelangelo rival and fellow Florentine Leonardo da Vinci . Michelangelo output in every field during Michelangelo long life was prodigious ; when the sheer volume of correspondence , sketches and reminiscences that survive is also taken into account , Michelangelo is the best - documented artist of the 16th century . Two of Michelangelo best - known works , the Pieta and the David , were sculpted in Michelangelo late twenties to early thirties . eos
rival and fellow Florentine Leonardo da Vinci . Michelangelo output in every field during Michelangelo long life was prodigious ; when the sheer volume of correspondence , sketches and reminiscences that survive is also taken into account , Michelangelo is the best - documented artist of the 16th century . Two of Michelangelo best - known works , the Pieta and the David , were sculpted in Michelangelo late twenties to early thirties . eos
output in every field during Michelangelo long life was prodigious ; when the sheer volume of correspondence , sketches and reminiscences that survive is also taken into account , Michelangelo is the best - documented artist of the 16th century . Two of Michelangelo best - known works , the Pieta and the David , were sculpted in Michelangelo late twenties to early thirties . Despite Michelangelo low opinion of painting , Michelangelo also created two of the most influential fresco paintings in the history of Western art : the scenes from Genesis on the ceiling and The Last Judgement on the altar wall of the Sistine Chapel in Rome . eos
long life was prodigious ; when the sheer volume of correspondence , sketches and reminiscences that survive is also taken into account , Michelangelo is the best - documented artist of the 16th century . Two of Michelangelo best - known works , the Pieta and the David , were sculpted in Michelangelo late twenties to early thirties . Despite Michelangelo low opinion of painting , Michelangelo also created two of the most influential fresco paintings in the history of Western art : the scenes from Genesis on the ceiling and The Last Judgement on the altar wall of the Sistine Chapel in Rome . eos
is the best - documented artist of the 16th century . Two of Michelangelo best - known works , the Pieta and the David , were sculpted in Michelangelo late twenties to early thirties . Despite Michelangelo low opinion of painting , Michelangelo also created two of the most influential fresco paintings in the history of Western art : the scenes from Genesis on the ceiling and The Last Judgement on the altar wall of the Sistine Chapel in Rome . eos
late twenties to early thirties . Despite Michelangelo low opinion of painting , Michelangelo also created two of the most influential fresco paintings in the history of Western art : the scenes from Genesis on the ceiling and The Last Judgement on the altar wall of the Sistine Chapel in Rome . Later in life Michelangelo designed the dome of St Peter 's Basilica in the same city and Michelangelo revolutionised classical architecture with Michelangelo invention of the giant order of pilasters . eos
best - known works , the Pieta and the David , were sculpted in Michelangelo late twenties to early thirties . Despite Michelangelo low opinion of painting , Michelangelo also created two of the most influential fresco paintings in the history of Western art : the scenes from Genesis on the ceiling and The Last Judgement on the altar wall of the Sistine Chapel in Rome . Later in life Michelangelo designed the dome of St Peter 's Basilica in the same city and Michelangelo revolutionised classical architecture with Michelangelo invention of the giant order of pilasters . eos
low opinion of painting , Michelangelo also created two of the most influential fresco paintings in the history of Western art : the scenes from Genesis on the ceiling and The Last Judgement on the altar wall of the Sistine Chapel in Rome . Later in life Michelangelo designed the dome of St Peter 's Basilica in the same city and Michelangelo revolutionised classical architecture with Michelangelo invention of the giant order of pilasters . Uniquely for a Renaissance artist , two biographies were published of Michelangelo during Michelangelo own lifetime . eos
also created two of the most influential fresco paintings in the history of Western art : the scenes from Genesis on the ceiling and The Last Judgement on the altar wall of the Sistine Chapel in Rome . Later in life Michelangelo designed the dome of St Peter 's Basilica in the same city and Michelangelo revolutionised classical architecture with Michelangelo invention of the giant order of pilasters . Uniquely for a Renaissance artist , two biographies were published of Michelangelo during Michelangelo own lifetime . eos
designed the dome of St Peter 's Basilica in the same city and Michelangelo revolutionised classical architecture with Michelangelo invention of the giant order of pilasters . Uniquely for a Renaissance artist , two biographies were published of Michelangelo during Michelangelo own lifetime . One of them , by Giorgio Vasari , proposed that Michelangelo was the pinnacle of all artistic achievement since the beginning of the Renaissance , a viewpoint that continued to have currency in art history for centuries . eos
revolutionised classical architecture with Michelangelo invention of the giant order of pilasters . Uniquely for a Renaissance artist , two biographies were published of Michelangelo during Michelangelo own lifetime . One of them , by Giorgio Vasari , proposed that Michelangelo was the pinnacle of all artistic achievement since the beginning of the Renaissance , a viewpoint that continued to have currency in art history for centuries . eos
invention of the giant order of pilasters . Uniquely for a Renaissance artist , two biographies were published of Michelangelo during Michelangelo own lifetime . One of them , by Giorgio Vasari , proposed that Michelangelo was the pinnacle of all artistic achievement since the beginning of the Renaissance , a viewpoint that continued to have currency in art history for centuries . eos
during Michelangelo own lifetime . One of them , by Giorgio Vasari , proposed that Michelangelo was the pinnacle of all artistic achievement since the beginning of the Renaissance , a viewpoint that continued to have currency in art history for centuries . In Michelangelo lifetime Michelangelo was also often called Il Divino ( ` ` the divine one '' ) , an appropriate sobriquet given Michelangelo intense spirituality . eos
own lifetime . One of them , by Giorgio Vasari , proposed that Michelangelo was the pinnacle of all artistic achievement since the beginning of the Renaissance , a viewpoint that continued to have currency in art history for centuries . In Michelangelo lifetime Michelangelo was also often called Il Divino ( ` ` the divine one '' ) , an appropriate sobriquet given Michelangelo intense spirituality . eos
was the pinnacle of all artistic achievement since the beginning of the Renaissance , a viewpoint that continued to have currency in art history for centuries . In Michelangelo lifetime Michelangelo was also often called Il Divino ( ` ` the divine one '' ) , an appropriate sobriquet given Michelangelo intense spirituality . One of the qualities most admired by Michelangelo contemporaries was Michelangelo terribilita , a sense of awe - inspiring grandeur , and it was the attempts of subsequent artists to imitate Michelangelo impassioned and highly personal style that resulted in the next major movement in Western art after the High Renaissance , Mannerism . eos
lifetime Michelangelo was also often called Il Divino ( ` ` the divine one '' ) , an appropriate sobriquet given Michelangelo intense spirituality . One of the qualities most admired by Michelangelo contemporaries was Michelangelo terribilita , a sense of awe - inspiring grandeur , and it was the attempts of subsequent artists to imitate Michelangelo impassioned and highly personal style that resulted in the next major movement in Western art after the High Renaissance , Mannerism . eos
was also often called Il Divino ( ` ` the divine one '' ) , an appropriate sobriquet given Michelangelo intense spirituality . One of the qualities most admired by Michelangelo contemporaries was Michelangelo terribilita , a sense of awe - inspiring grandeur , and it was the attempts of subsequent artists to imitate Michelangelo impassioned and highly personal style that resulted in the next major movement in Western art after the High Renaissance , Mannerism . eos
intense spirituality . One of the qualities most admired by Michelangelo contemporaries was Michelangelo terribilita , a sense of awe - inspiring grandeur , and it was the attempts of subsequent artists to imitate Michelangelo impassioned and highly personal style that resulted in the next major movement in Western art after the High Renaissance , Mannerism . eos
contemporaries was Michelangelo terribilita , a sense of awe - inspiring grandeur , and it was the attempts of subsequent artists to imitate Michelangelo impassioned and highly personal style that resulted in the next major movement in Western art after the High Renaissance , Mannerism . eos
terribilita , a sense of awe - inspiring grandeur , and it was the attempts of subsequent artists to imitate Michelangelo impassioned and highly personal style that resulted in the next major movement in Western art after the High Renaissance , Mannerism . eos
impassioned and highly personal style that resulted in the next major movement in Western art after the High Renaissance , Mannerism . eos
( born May 25 , 1963 in Scarborough , Ontario , Canada ) is an Emmy - winning Canadian actor , comedian , screenwriter , and film producer , Mike_Myers_actor notable film roles include the titular characters of Wayne 's World , the Austin Powers series , and Shrek . eos
notable film roles include the titular characters of Wayne 's World , the Austin Powers series , and Shrek . eos
( Михаи́л Серге́евич Горбачёв , Mihail Sergeevič Gorbačëv , "" IPA : mʲɪxʌˈil sʲɪrˈgʲejɪvʲɪʨ gərbʌˈʨof "" , commonly written as Mikhail Gorbachev ; born march 2 1931 ) was leader of the Soviet Union from 1985 until 1991 . Mikhail_Gorbachev attempts at reform helped to end the Cold War , and also ended the political supremacy of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union ( CPSU ) and dissolved the Soviet Union . Mikhail_Gorbachev was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1990 . eos
attempts at reform helped to end the Cold War , and also ended the political supremacy of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union ( CPSU ) and dissolved the Soviet Union . Mikhail_Gorbachev was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1990 . eos
was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1990 . eos
( born july 31 , 1912 ) is an American economist , known for Milton_Friedman work on macroeconomics , microeconomics , economic history , statistics , and for Milton_Friedman advocacy of laissez - faire capitalism . In Capitalism and Freedom ( 1962 ) Milton_Friedman minimized the role of government in a free market in order to create political and social freedom . eos
work on macroeconomics , microeconomics , economic history , statistics , and for Milton_Friedman advocacy of laissez - faire capitalism . In Capitalism and Freedom ( 1962 ) Milton_Friedman minimized the role of government in a free market in order to create political and social freedom . eos
advocacy of laissez - faire capitalism . In Capitalism and Freedom ( 1962 ) Milton_Friedman minimized the role of government in a free market in order to create political and social freedom . eos
minimized the role of government in a free market in order to create political and social freedom . In 1976 , Milton_Friedman won the Nobel Prize for Milton_Friedman achievements in the fields of consumption analysis , monetary history and theory and for Milton_Friedman demonstration of the complexity of stabilization policy . Milton_Friedman television series Free to Choose aired on PBS in early 1980 . eos
won the Nobel Prize for Milton_Friedman achievements in the fields of consumption analysis , monetary history and theory and for Milton_Friedman demonstration of the complexity of stabilization policy . Milton_Friedman television series Free to Choose aired on PBS in early 1980 . It became a book , co - authored with Milton_Friedman wife , Rose Friedman . eos
achievements in the fields of consumption analysis , monetary history and theory and for Milton_Friedman demonstration of the complexity of stabilization policy . Milton_Friedman television series Free to Choose aired on PBS in early 1980 . It became a book , co - authored with Milton_Friedman wife , Rose Friedman . eos
demonstration of the complexity of stabilization policy . Milton_Friedman television series Free to Choose aired on PBS in early 1980 . It became a book , co - authored with Milton_Friedman wife , Rose Friedman . eos
television series Free to Choose aired on PBS in early 1980 . It became a book , co - authored with Milton_Friedman wife , Rose Friedman . The book was widely read , as were Milton_Friedman columns for Newsweek magazine . eos
wife , Rose Friedman . The book was widely read , as were Milton_Friedman columns for Newsweek magazine . In statistics , Milton_Friedman devised the Friedman test , a non - parametric analogue to the two - way analysis of variance . eos
columns for Newsweek magazine . In statistics , Milton_Friedman devised the Friedman test , a non - parametric analogue to the two - way analysis of variance . eos
devised the Friedman test , a non - parametric analogue to the two - way analysis of variance . eos
, CC ( january 27 , 1931 - july 3 , 2001 ) was a Canadian author , screenwriter and essayist . Mordecai_Richler was among Canada 's best known and most widely published writers . Mordecai_Richler was also a controversial public figure . eos
was among Canada 's best known and most widely published writers . Mordecai_Richler was also a controversial public figure . Mordecai_Richler uncompromising opinions on contemporary Canada easily matched , and sometimes exceeded , the satirical sting of Mordecai_Richler fiction . eos
was also a controversial public figure . Mordecai_Richler uncompromising opinions on contemporary Canada easily matched , and sometimes exceeded , the satirical sting of Mordecai_Richler fiction . The son of a scrapyard dealer , Mordecai_Richler was born and raised on St. Urbain Street in Montreal , Quebec , a neighbourhood Mordecai_Richler would later immortalize in Mordecai_Richler novels . eos
uncompromising opinions on contemporary Canada easily matched , and sometimes exceeded , the satirical sting of Mordecai_Richler fiction . The son of a scrapyard dealer , Mordecai_Richler was born and raised on St. Urbain Street in Montreal , Quebec , a neighbourhood Mordecai_Richler would later immortalize in Mordecai_Richler novels . Mordecai_Richler , after graduating from Baron Byng High School , enrolled in Sir George Williams College , ( now Concordia University ) , to study English but Mordecai_Richler dropped out before completing Mordecai_Richler degree . eos
fiction . The son of a scrapyard dealer , Mordecai_Richler was born and raised on St. Urbain Street in Montreal , Quebec , a neighbourhood Mordecai_Richler would later immortalize in Mordecai_Richler novels . Mordecai_Richler , after graduating from Baron Byng High School , enrolled in Sir George Williams College , ( now Concordia University ) , to study English but Mordecai_Richler dropped out before completing Mordecai_Richler degree . eos
was born and raised on St. Urbain Street in Montreal , Quebec , a neighbourhood Mordecai_Richler would later immortalize in Mordecai_Richler novels . Mordecai_Richler , after graduating from Baron Byng High School , enrolled in Sir George Williams College , ( now Concordia University ) , to study English but Mordecai_Richler dropped out before completing Mordecai_Richler degree . Mordecai_Richler moved to Paris , France at age nineteen , intent on following in the footsteps of a previous generation of literary exiles . eos
would later immortalize in Mordecai_Richler novels . Mordecai_Richler , after graduating from Baron Byng High School , enrolled in Sir George Williams College , ( now Concordia University ) , to study English but Mordecai_Richler dropped out before completing Mordecai_Richler degree . Mordecai_Richler moved to Paris , France at age nineteen , intent on following in the footsteps of a previous generation of literary exiles . eos
novels . Mordecai_Richler , after graduating from Baron Byng High School , enrolled in Sir George Williams College , ( now Concordia University ) , to study English but Mordecai_Richler dropped out before completing Mordecai_Richler degree . Mordecai_Richler moved to Paris , France at age nineteen , intent on following in the footsteps of a previous generation of literary exiles . eos
dropped out before completing Mordecai_Richler degree . Mordecai_Richler moved to Paris , France at age nineteen , intent on following in the footsteps of a previous generation of literary exiles . Mordecai_Richler lived in Paris for several years , then Mordecai_Richler moved to London , England . eos
degree . Mordecai_Richler moved to Paris , France at age nineteen , intent on following in the footsteps of a previous generation of literary exiles . Mordecai_Richler lived in Paris for several years , then Mordecai_Richler moved to London , England . eos
, after graduating from Baron Byng High School , enrolled in Sir George Williams College , ( now Concordia University ) , to study English but Mordecai_Richler dropped out before completing Mordecai_Richler degree . Mordecai_Richler moved to Paris , France at age nineteen , intent on following in the footsteps of a previous generation of literary exiles . Mordecai_Richler lived in Paris for several years , then Mordecai_Richler moved to London , England . eos
moved to Paris , France at age nineteen , intent on following in the footsteps of a previous generation of literary exiles . Mordecai_Richler lived in Paris for several years , then Mordecai_Richler moved to London , England . Mordecai_Richler returned to Montreal in 1972 but Mordecai_Richler continued to spend long periods of time in London . eos
lived in Paris for several years , then Mordecai_Richler moved to London , England . Mordecai_Richler returned to Montreal in 1972 but Mordecai_Richler continued to spend long periods of time in London . Mordecai_Richler career took off with the publication of Mordecai_Richler fourth novel The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz in 1959 . eos
moved to London , England . Mordecai_Richler returned to Montreal in 1972 but Mordecai_Richler continued to spend long periods of time in London . Mordecai_Richler career took off with the publication of Mordecai_Richler fourth novel The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz in 1959 . eos
returned to Montreal in 1972 but Mordecai_Richler continued to spend long periods of time in London . Mordecai_Richler career took off with the publication of Mordecai_Richler fourth novel The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz in 1959 . The book featured a frequent Richler theme : Jewish life in the neighbourhood in and around St. Urbain Street and the Main , ( St. Lawrence Street ) , east of Mount Royal Park , in 1930s and 40s Montreal . eos
continued to spend long periods of time in London . Mordecai_Richler career took off with the publication of Mordecai_Richler fourth novel The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz in 1959 . The book featured a frequent Richler theme : Jewish life in the neighbourhood in and around St. Urbain Street and the Main , ( St. Lawrence Street ) , east of Mount Royal Park , in 1930s and 40s Montreal . eos
career took off with the publication of Mordecai_Richler fourth novel The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz in 1959 . The book featured a frequent Richler theme : Jewish life in the neighbourhood in and around St. Urbain Street and the Main , ( St. Lawrence Street ) , east of Mount Royal Park , in 1930s and 40s Montreal . The 1974 movie version was directed by Mordecai_Richler friend Ted Kotcheff and starred Richard Dreyfuss in his first leading role . eos
fourth novel The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz in 1959 . The book featured a frequent Richler theme : Jewish life in the neighbourhood in and around St. Urbain Street and the Main , ( St. Lawrence Street ) , east of Mount Royal Park , in 1930s and 40s Montreal . The 1974 movie version was directed by Mordecai_Richler friend Ted Kotcheff and starred Richard Dreyfuss in his first leading role . eos
friend Ted Kotcheff and starred Richard Dreyfuss in his first leading role . Mordecai_Richler and Lionel Chetwynd co - wrote the screenplay . Throughout Mordecai_Richler career , Mordecai_Richler wrote acerbic journalistic commentary . eos
and Lionel Chetwynd co - wrote the screenplay . Throughout Mordecai_Richler career , Mordecai_Richler wrote acerbic journalistic commentary . Mordecai_Richler contributed to The Atlantic Monthly , Look , and The New Yorker . eos
career , Mordecai_Richler wrote acerbic journalistic commentary . Mordecai_Richler contributed to The Atlantic Monthly , Look , and The New Yorker . In Mordecai_Richler later years , Mordecai_Richler was a newspaper columnist for The National Post of Toronto and The Gazette of Montreal . eos
wrote acerbic journalistic commentary . Mordecai_Richler contributed to The Atlantic Monthly , Look , and The New Yorker . In Mordecai_Richler later years , Mordecai_Richler was a newspaper columnist for The National Post of Toronto and The Gazette of Montreal . eos
contributed to The Atlantic Monthly , Look , and The New Yorker . In Mordecai_Richler later years , Mordecai_Richler was a newspaper columnist for The National Post of Toronto and The Gazette of Montreal . Mordecai_Richler had little tolerance for pomposity , pretense or provincialism . eos
later years , Mordecai_Richler was a newspaper columnist for The National Post of Toronto and The Gazette of Montreal . Mordecai_Richler had little tolerance for pomposity , pretense or provincialism . Often derisive of the Quebec separatists , Mordecai_Richler was a critic of Quebec 's restrictive language laws . eos
was a newspaper columnist for The National Post of Toronto and The Gazette of Montreal . Mordecai_Richler had little tolerance for pomposity , pretense or provincialism . Often derisive of the Quebec separatists , Mordecai_Richler was a critic of Quebec 's restrictive language laws . eos
had little tolerance for pomposity , pretense or provincialism . Often derisive of the Quebec separatists , Mordecai_Richler was a critic of Quebec 's restrictive language laws . Mordecai_Richler was not bilingual , but Mordecai_Richler knew enough French to be able to read newspaper articles . eos
was a critic of Quebec 's restrictive language laws . Mordecai_Richler was not bilingual , but Mordecai_Richler knew enough French to be able to read newspaper articles . Quebec nationalists criticized Mordecai_Richler for never mastering French . eos
was not bilingual , but Mordecai_Richler knew enough French to be able to read newspaper articles . Quebec nationalists criticized Mordecai_Richler for never mastering French . Another favorite Richler target was the government - subsidized Canadian literary movement of the 1970s and 80s . eos
knew enough French to be able to read newspaper articles . Quebec nationalists criticized Mordecai_Richler for never mastering French . Another favorite Richler target was the government - subsidized Canadian literary movement of the 1970s and 80s . eos
for never mastering French . Another favorite Richler target was the government - subsidized Canadian literary movement of the 1970s and 80s . Late in life , Mordecai_Richler seemed happy to settle into the role of curmudgeon . eos
seemed happy to settle into the role of curmudgeon . What never changed were Mordecai_Richler caustic comments and disheveled appearance . Mordecai_Richler was more than willing to say the unsayable - though often in a weary mumble , with head bowed , hair askew and drink in hand . eos
caustic comments and disheveled appearance . Mordecai_Richler was more than willing to say the unsayable - though often in a weary mumble , with head bowed , hair askew and drink in hand . Admirers praised Mordecai_Richler for daring to tell uncomfortable truths . eos
was more than willing to say the unsayable - though often in a weary mumble , with head bowed , hair askew and drink in hand . Admirers praised Mordecai_Richler for daring to tell uncomfortable truths . A 2004 oral biography by Michael Posner was entitled The Last Honest Man . eos
for daring to tell uncomfortable truths . A 2004 oral biography by Michael Posner was entitled The Last Honest Man . Mordecai_Richler frequently said in interviews that Mordecai_Richler goal was to be an honest witness to Mordecai_Richler time and place , and to write at least one book that would be read after Mordecai_Richler death . eos
frequently said in interviews that Mordecai_Richler goal was to be an honest witness to Mordecai_Richler time and place , and to write at least one book that would be read after Mordecai_Richler death . Mordecai_Richler work was championed by journalists Robert Fulford and Peter Gzowski , among others . Detractors called Mordecai_Richler satire heavy - handed and noted Mordecai_Richler propensity for recycling material . eos
goal was to be an honest witness to Mordecai_Richler time and place , and to write at least one book that would be read after Mordecai_Richler death . Mordecai_Richler work was championed by journalists Robert Fulford and Peter Gzowski , among others . Detractors called Mordecai_Richler satire heavy - handed and noted Mordecai_Richler propensity for recycling material . eos
time and place , and to write at least one book that would be read after Mordecai_Richler death . Mordecai_Richler work was championed by journalists Robert Fulford and Peter Gzowski , among others . Detractors called Mordecai_Richler satire heavy - handed and noted Mordecai_Richler propensity for recycling material . eos
death . Mordecai_Richler work was championed by journalists Robert Fulford and Peter Gzowski , among others . Detractors called Mordecai_Richler satire heavy - handed and noted Mordecai_Richler propensity for recycling material . eos
work was championed by journalists Robert Fulford and Peter Gzowski , among others . Detractors called Mordecai_Richler satire heavy - handed and noted Mordecai_Richler propensity for recycling material . Some critics thought Mordecai_Richler more adept at sketching striking scenes than crafting coherent narratives . eos
satire heavy - handed and noted Mordecai_Richler propensity for recycling material . Some critics thought Mordecai_Richler more adept at sketching striking scenes than crafting coherent narratives . Mordecai_Richler ambivalent relationship with Montreal 's Jewish community was captured in Mordecai and Me , a book by Joel Yanofsky published in 2003 . eos
propensity for recycling material . Some critics thought Mordecai_Richler more adept at sketching striking scenes than crafting coherent narratives . Mordecai_Richler ambivalent relationship with Montreal 's Jewish community was captured in Mordecai and Me , a book by Joel Yanofsky published in 2003 . eos
more adept at sketching striking scenes than crafting coherent narratives . Mordecai_Richler ambivalent relationship with Montreal 's Jewish community was captured in Mordecai and Me , a book by Joel Yanofsky published in 2003 . Mordecai_Richler was also the subject of a 1986 National Film Board of Canada documentary by Alan Handel . eos
ambivalent relationship with Montreal 's Jewish community was captured in Mordecai and Me , a book by Joel Yanofsky published in 2003 . Mordecai_Richler was also the subject of a 1986 National Film Board of Canada documentary by Alan Handel . Among Mordecai_Richler many awards and honours was a 1990 Commonwealth Writers Prize . eos
was also the subject of a 1986 National Film Board of Canada documentary by Alan Handel . Among Mordecai_Richler many awards and honours was a 1990 Commonwealth Writers Prize . Mordecai_Richler was made a Companion of the Order of Canada in 2001 , just a few months before Mordecai_Richler death . eos
many awards and honours was a 1990 Commonwealth Writers Prize . Mordecai_Richler was made a Companion of the Order of Canada in 2001 , just a few months before Mordecai_Richler death . It was an ironic finale that might have made a memorable scene in a Richler novel : a fierce critic of the Canadian establishment accepting the country 's highest honour . eos
was made a Companion of the Order of Canada in 2001 , just a few months before Mordecai_Richler death . It was an ironic finale that might have made a memorable scene in a Richler novel : a fierce critic of the Canadian establishment accepting the country 's highest honour . Mordecai_Richler raised five children with Mordecai_Richler wife Florence . eos
death . It was an ironic finale that might have made a memorable scene in a Richler novel : a fierce critic of the Canadian establishment accepting the country 's highest honour . Mordecai_Richler raised five children with Mordecai_Richler wife Florence . eos
raised five children with Mordecai_Richler wife Florence . The best known is Mordecai_Richler stepson , Daniel , a longstanding figure in Canadian media and broadcasting . In The Last Honest Man friends made special mention of Mordecai_Richler happy marriage and Mordecai_Richler warm family life . eos
wife Florence . The best known is Mordecai_Richler stepson , Daniel , a longstanding figure in Canadian media and broadcasting . In The Last Honest Man friends made special mention of Mordecai_Richler happy marriage and Mordecai_Richler warm family life . eos
stepson , Daniel , a longstanding figure in Canadian media and broadcasting . In The Last Honest Man friends made special mention of Mordecai_Richler happy marriage and Mordecai_Richler warm family life . Mordecai_Richler is interred in the Mount Royal Cemetery in Montreal . eos
happy marriage and Mordecai_Richler warm family life . Mordecai_Richler is interred in the Mount Royal Cemetery in Montreal . eos
warm family life . Mordecai_Richler is interred in the Mount Royal Cemetery in Montreal . eos
is interred in the Mount Royal Cemetery in Montreal . eos
( Hebrew : מֹשֶׁה , Standard Mošə Tiberian Mōšeh ; Arabic : موسى , Mūsa ; Ge'ez : ሙሴ Musse ) is a Biblical Hebrew liberator , leader , lawgiver , prophet , and historian . eos
is considered one of the greatest figures of the Bible . Moses is considered a prophet in Judaism , Christianity , Islam and the Bahá ' í Faith . eos
is considered a prophet in Judaism , Christianity , Islam and the Bahá ' í Faith . eos
( Arabic "" Arabic : محمد "" ' ; also Mohammed , Mohamet , and other variants ) , 570 - 632 CE , was an Arab religious and political leader Muhammad established Islam and the Muslim community ( Ummah , Arabic : أمة ) to whom Muhammad preached . Muhammad united the tribes of the Arabian Peninsula into a federation of allied tribes with its capital at Medina . eos
established Islam and the Muslim community ( Ummah , Arabic : أمة ) to whom Muhammad preached . Muhammad united the tribes of the Arabian Peninsula into a federation of allied tribes with its capital at Medina . Muhammad is considered a prophet in both the Islamic and Baha'i religious traditions . eos
preached . Muhammad united the tribes of the Arabian Peninsula into a federation of allied tribes with its capital at Medina . Muhammad is considered a prophet in both the Islamic and Baha'i religious traditions . eos
united the tribes of the Arabian Peninsula into a federation of allied tribes with its capital at Medina . Muhammad is considered a prophet in both the Islamic and Baha'i religious traditions . Muslims do not regard Muhammad as the founder of a new religion , but rather believe Muhammad to be the last in a line of prophets of God ( Arabic Allah ) and regard Muhammad mission as one of restoring the original monotheistic faith of Adam , Abraham and other prophets that had become corrupted ( only misinterpreted according to the majority of early and some modern scholars ) by man over time . eos
is considered a prophet in both the Islamic and Baha'i religious traditions . Muslims do not regard Muhammad as the founder of a new religion , but rather believe Muhammad to be the last in a line of prophets of God ( Arabic Allah ) and regard Muhammad mission as one of restoring the original monotheistic faith of Adam , Abraham and other prophets that had become corrupted ( only misinterpreted according to the majority of early and some modern scholars ) by man over time . For the last 23 years of Muhammad life , beginning at the age of forty , Muhammad reported receiving revelations from God delivered through the angel Gabriel . eos
as the founder of a new religion , but rather believe Muhammad to be the last in a line of prophets of God ( Arabic Allah ) and regard Muhammad mission as one of restoring the original monotheistic faith of Adam , Abraham and other prophets that had become corrupted ( only misinterpreted according to the majority of early and some modern scholars ) by man over time . For the last 23 years of Muhammad life , beginning at the age of forty , Muhammad reported receiving revelations from God delivered through the angel Gabriel . The content of these revelations , known as the Qur ` an , was memorized and recorded by Muhammad followers and compiled into a single volume shortly after Muhammad death . eos
to be the last in a line of prophets of God ( Arabic Allah ) and regard Muhammad mission as one of restoring the original monotheistic faith of Adam , Abraham and other prophets that had become corrupted ( only misinterpreted according to the majority of early and some modern scholars ) by man over time . For the last 23 years of Muhammad life , beginning at the age of forty , Muhammad reported receiving revelations from God delivered through the angel Gabriel . The content of these revelations , known as the Qur ` an , was memorized and recorded by Muhammad followers and compiled into a single volume shortly after Muhammad death . eos
mission as one of restoring the original monotheistic faith of Adam , Abraham and other prophets that had become corrupted ( only misinterpreted according to the majority of early and some modern scholars ) by man over time . For the last 23 years of Muhammad life , beginning at the age of forty , Muhammad reported receiving revelations from God delivered through the angel Gabriel . The content of these revelations , known as the Qur ` an , was memorized and recorded by Muhammad followers and compiled into a single volume shortly after Muhammad death . eos
reported receiving revelations from God delivered through the angel Gabriel . The content of these revelations , known as the Qur ` an , was memorized and recorded by Muhammad followers and compiled into a single volume shortly after Muhammad death . The Qur ` an , along with the details of Muhammad life as recounted by Muhammad biographers and Muhammad contemporaries , forms the basis of Islamic theology . eos
life , beginning at the age of forty , Muhammad reported receiving revelations from God delivered through the angel Gabriel . The content of these revelations , known as the Qur ` an , was memorized and recorded by Muhammad followers and compiled into a single volume shortly after Muhammad death . The Qur ` an , along with the details of Muhammad life as recounted by Muhammad biographers and Muhammad contemporaries , forms the basis of Islamic theology . eos
followers and compiled into a single volume shortly after Muhammad death . The Qur ` an , along with the details of Muhammad life as recounted by Muhammad biographers and Muhammad contemporaries , forms the basis of Islamic theology . eos
death . The Qur ` an , along with the details of Muhammad life as recounted by Muhammad biographers and Muhammad contemporaries , forms the basis of Islamic theology . eos
life as recounted by Muhammad biographers and Muhammad contemporaries , forms the basis of Islamic theology . eos
biographers and Muhammad contemporaries , forms the basis of Islamic theology . eos
contemporaries , forms the basis of Islamic theology . eos
, Emperor of the French , King of Italy , Mediator of the Swiss Confederation and Protector of the Confederation of the Rhine , born Napoleone di Buonaparte ( 15 august 1769 - 5 May 1821 ) , was a general during the French Revolution , the ruler of France as First Consul ( Premier Consul ) of the French Republic from 11 november 1799 to 18 May 1804 , Emperor of the French ( Empereur des Français ) under the name Napoleon I ( Napoléon 1er ) from 18 May 1804 to 6 april 1814 , and Napoleon_I_of_France was briefly restored as Emperor from 20 march to 22 june 1815 . Over the course of little more than a decade , the armies of France under Napoleon_I_of_France command fought almost every European power , often simultaneously , and acquired control of most of continental Europe by conquest or alliance . eos
was briefly restored as Emperor from 20 march to 22 june 1815 . Over the course of little more than a decade , the armies of France under Napoleon_I_of_France command fought almost every European power , often simultaneously , and acquired control of most of continental Europe by conquest or alliance . The disastrous invasion of Russia in 1812 marked a turning point . eos
command fought almost every European power , often simultaneously , and acquired control of most of continental Europe by conquest or alliance . The disastrous invasion of Russia in 1812 marked a turning point . Following the Russian campaign and the defeat at Leipzig in october 1813 , Napoleon_I_of_France abdicated in april 1814 after the Allies invaded France . eos
abdicated in april 1814 after the Allies invaded France . Napoleon_I_of_France was exiled to the island of Elba . Napoleon_I_of_France staged a comeback known as the Hundred Days ( les Cent Jours ) , but Napoleon_I_of_France was defeated at Waterloo on 18 june , 1815 . eos
was exiled to the island of Elba . Napoleon_I_of_France staged a comeback known as the Hundred Days ( les Cent Jours ) , but Napoleon_I_of_France was defeated at Waterloo on 18 june , 1815 . Napoleon_I_of_France spent the remaining six years of Napoleon_I_of_France life on the island of St. Helena in the Atlantic Ocean under British supervision . eos
staged a comeback known as the Hundred Days ( les Cent Jours ) , but Napoleon_I_of_France was defeated at Waterloo on 18 june , 1815 . Napoleon_I_of_France spent the remaining six years of Napoleon_I_of_France life on the island of St. Helena in the Atlantic Ocean under British supervision . Although Napoleon_I_of_France developed few military innovations , apart from the divisional squares employed in Egypt and the placement of artillery into batteries , Napoleon_I_of_France used the best tactics from a variety of sources , and the modernized French army reformed by several revolutionary governments , to score several major victories . eos
was defeated at Waterloo on 18 june , 1815 . Napoleon_I_of_France spent the remaining six years of Napoleon_I_of_France life on the island of St. Helena in the Atlantic Ocean under British supervision . Although Napoleon_I_of_France developed few military innovations , apart from the divisional squares employed in Egypt and the placement of artillery into batteries , Napoleon_I_of_France used the best tactics from a variety of sources , and the modernized French army reformed by several revolutionary governments , to score several major victories . eos
spent the remaining six years of Napoleon_I_of_France life on the island of St. Helena in the Atlantic Ocean under British supervision . Although Napoleon_I_of_France developed few military innovations , apart from the divisional squares employed in Egypt and the placement of artillery into batteries , Napoleon_I_of_France used the best tactics from a variety of sources , and the modernized French army reformed by several revolutionary governments , to score several major victories . Napoleon_I_of_France campaigns are studied at military academies all over the world and Napoleon_I_of_France is widely regarded as one of the greatest commanders ever to have lived . eos
life on the island of St. Helena in the Atlantic Ocean under British supervision . Although Napoleon_I_of_France developed few military innovations , apart from the divisional squares employed in Egypt and the placement of artillery into batteries , Napoleon_I_of_France used the best tactics from a variety of sources , and the modernized French army reformed by several revolutionary governments , to score several major victories . Napoleon_I_of_France campaigns are studied at military academies all over the world and Napoleon_I_of_France is widely regarded as one of the greatest commanders ever to have lived . eos
developed few military innovations , apart from the divisional squares employed in Egypt and the placement of artillery into batteries , Napoleon_I_of_France used the best tactics from a variety of sources , and the modernized French army reformed by several revolutionary governments , to score several major victories . Napoleon_I_of_France campaigns are studied at military academies all over the world and Napoleon_I_of_France is widely regarded as one of the greatest commanders ever to have lived . Aside from Napoleon_I_of_France military achievements , Napoleon_I_of_France is also remembered for the establishment of the Napoleonic Code . eos
used the best tactics from a variety of sources , and the modernized French army reformed by several revolutionary governments , to score several major victories . Napoleon_I_of_France campaigns are studied at military academies all over the world and Napoleon_I_of_France is widely regarded as one of the greatest commanders ever to have lived . Aside from Napoleon_I_of_France military achievements , Napoleon_I_of_France is also remembered for the establishment of the Napoleonic Code . eos
campaigns are studied at military academies all over the world and Napoleon_I_of_France is widely regarded as one of the greatest commanders ever to have lived . Aside from Napoleon_I_of_France military achievements , Napoleon_I_of_France is also remembered for the establishment of the Napoleonic Code . Napoleon_I_of_France also appointed several members of the Bonaparte family and close friends as monarchs of countries Napoleon_I_of_France conquered and as important government figures eos
is widely regarded as one of the greatest commanders ever to have lived . Aside from Napoleon_I_of_France military achievements , Napoleon_I_of_France is also remembered for the establishment of the Napoleonic Code . Napoleon_I_of_France also appointed several members of the Bonaparte family and close friends as monarchs of countries Napoleon_I_of_France conquered and as important government figures eos
military achievements , Napoleon_I_of_France is also remembered for the establishment of the Napoleonic Code . Napoleon_I_of_France also appointed several members of the Bonaparte family and close friends as monarchs of countries Napoleon_I_of_France conquered and as important government figures ( Napoleon_I_of_France brother Lucien was Minister of the Interior of France during the Consulate ) . eos
is also remembered for the establishment of the Napoleonic Code . Napoleon_I_of_France also appointed several members of the Bonaparte family and close friends as monarchs of countries Napoleon_I_of_France conquered and as important government figures ( Napoleon_I_of_France brother Lucien was Minister of the Interior of France during the Consulate ) . eos
also appointed several members of the Bonaparte family and close friends as monarchs of countries Napoleon_I_of_France conquered and as important government figures ( Napoleon_I_of_France brother Lucien was Minister of the Interior of France during the Consulate ) . Although their reigns did not survive Napoleon_I_of_France downfall , a nephew , Napoleon III , ruled France later in the nineteenth century . eos
conquered and as important government figures ( Napoleon_I_of_France brother Lucien was Minister of the Interior of France during the Consulate ) . Although their reigns did not survive Napoleon_I_of_France downfall , a nephew , Napoleon III , ruled France later in the nineteenth century . eos
brother Lucien was Minister of the Interior of France during the Consulate ) . Although their reigns did not survive Napoleon_I_of_France downfall , a nephew , Napoleon III , ruled France later in the nineteenth century . eos
downfall , a nephew , Napoleon III , ruled France later in the nineteenth century . eos
OM ( born november 12 , 1945 , Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter and guitarist Neil_Young grew up in Winnipeg , Manitoba . Neil_Young work is characterized by deeply personal lyrics , distinctive guitar work , and an almost instantly recognizable nasal tenor ( and frequently alto ) singing voice . Although Neil_Young accompanies Neil_Young on several different instruments - including piano and harmonica - Neil_Young style of hammer - on acoustic guitar and often idiosyncratic soloing on electric guitar are the lynchpins of a sometimes ragged , sometimes polished , yet consistently evocative sound . eos
grew up in Winnipeg , Manitoba . Neil_Young work is characterized by deeply personal lyrics , distinctive guitar work , and an almost instantly recognizable nasal tenor ( and frequently alto ) singing voice . Although Neil_Young accompanies Neil_Young on several different instruments - including piano and harmonica - Neil_Young style of hammer - on acoustic guitar and often idiosyncratic soloing on electric guitar are the lynchpins of a sometimes ragged , sometimes polished , yet consistently evocative sound . eos
work is characterized by deeply personal lyrics , distinctive guitar work , and an almost instantly recognizable nasal tenor ( and frequently alto ) singing voice . Although Neil_Young accompanies Neil_Young on several different instruments - including piano and harmonica - Neil_Young style of hammer - on acoustic guitar and often idiosyncratic soloing on electric guitar are the lynchpins of a sometimes ragged , sometimes polished , yet consistently evocative sound . In more recent years , Neil_Young has started to adopt elements from newer styles of music , such as industrial and grunge , the latter of which was profoundly influenced by Neil_Young own style of playing . eos
accompanies Neil_Young on several different instruments - including piano and harmonica - Neil_Young style of hammer - on acoustic guitar and often idiosyncratic soloing on electric guitar are the lynchpins of a sometimes ragged , sometimes polished , yet consistently evocative sound . In more recent years , Neil_Young has started to adopt elements from newer styles of music , such as industrial and grunge , the latter of which was profoundly influenced by Neil_Young own style of playing . eos
on several different instruments - including piano and harmonica - Neil_Young style of hammer - on acoustic guitar and often idiosyncratic soloing on electric guitar are the lynchpins of a sometimes ragged , sometimes polished , yet consistently evocative sound . In more recent years , Neil_Young has started to adopt elements from newer styles of music , such as industrial and grunge , the latter of which was profoundly influenced by Neil_Young own style of playing . eos
style of hammer - on acoustic guitar and often idiosyncratic soloing on electric guitar are the lynchpins of a sometimes ragged , sometimes polished , yet consistently evocative sound . In more recent years , Neil_Young has started to adopt elements from newer styles of music , such as industrial and grunge , the latter of which was profoundly influenced by Neil_Young own style of playing . eos
has started to adopt elements from newer styles of music , such as industrial and grunge , the latter of which was profoundly influenced by Neil_Young own style of playing . eos
own style of playing . eos
, ( october 20 1873 - september 1 1951 ) was a Canadian feminist , politician , and social activist . Nellie_McClung was a part of the social and moral reform movements prevalent in Western Canada in the early 1900s . Nellie_McClung was also the grandmother of outspoken Alberta judge John McClung . eos
was a part of the social and moral reform movements prevalent in Western Canada in the early 1900s . Nellie_McClung was also the grandmother of outspoken Alberta judge John McClung . Nellie_McClung was born Nellie Letitia Mooney , in Grey County , Ontario . eos
was also the grandmother of outspoken Alberta judge John McClung . Nellie_McClung was born Nellie Letitia Mooney , in Grey County , Ontario . As a young girl , Nellie_McClung moved with Nellie_McClung family to a homestead in the Souris Valley of Manitoba in 1880 . eos
was born Nellie Letitia Mooney , in Grey County , Ontario . As a young girl , Nellie_McClung moved with Nellie_McClung family to a homestead in the Souris Valley of Manitoba in 1880 . Nellie_McClung lived in the West for the rest of Nellie_McClung life - in Manitou , Winnipeg , Edmonton , Calgary and Victoria . eos
moved with Nellie_McClung family to a homestead in the Souris Valley of Manitoba in 1880 . Nellie_McClung lived in the West for the rest of Nellie_McClung life - in Manitou , Winnipeg , Edmonton , Calgary and Victoria . Although Nellie_McClung did n't begin school until Nellie_McClung was ten , Nellie_McClung received a teaching certificate at age sixteen . eos
family to a homestead in the Souris Valley of Manitoba in 1880 . Nellie_McClung lived in the West for the rest of Nellie_McClung life - in Manitou , Winnipeg , Edmonton , Calgary and Victoria . Although Nellie_McClung did n't begin school until Nellie_McClung was ten , Nellie_McClung received a teaching certificate at age sixteen . eos
lived in the West for the rest of Nellie_McClung life - in Manitou , Winnipeg , Edmonton , Calgary and Victoria . Although Nellie_McClung did n't begin school until Nellie_McClung was ten , Nellie_McClung received a teaching certificate at age sixteen . Nellie_McClung taught school until Nellie_McClung married Robert Wesley McClung in 1896 . eos
life - in Manitou , Winnipeg , Edmonton , Calgary and Victoria . Although Nellie_McClung did n't begin school until Nellie_McClung was ten , Nellie_McClung received a teaching certificate at age sixteen . Nellie_McClung taught school until Nellie_McClung married Robert Wesley McClung in 1896 . eos
was ten , Nellie_McClung received a teaching certificate at age sixteen . Nellie_McClung taught school until Nellie_McClung married Robert Wesley McClung in 1896 . Nellie_McClung published Nellie_McClung first novel Sowing Seeds in Danny in 1908 . eos
received a teaching certificate at age sixteen . Nellie_McClung taught school until Nellie_McClung married Robert Wesley McClung in 1896 . Nellie_McClung published Nellie_McClung first novel Sowing Seeds in Danny in 1908 . eos
did n't begin school until Nellie_McClung was ten , Nellie_McClung received a teaching certificate at age sixteen . Nellie_McClung taught school until Nellie_McClung married Robert Wesley McClung in 1896 . Nellie_McClung published Nellie_McClung first novel Sowing Seeds in Danny in 1908 . eos
taught school until Nellie_McClung married Robert Wesley McClung in 1896 . Nellie_McClung published Nellie_McClung first novel Sowing Seeds in Danny in 1908 . It was a national best seller and was followed by numerous short stories and articles in Canadian and American magazines . eos
married Robert Wesley McClung in 1896 . Nellie_McClung published Nellie_McClung first novel Sowing Seeds in Danny in 1908 . It was a national best seller and was followed by numerous short stories and articles in Canadian and American magazines . eos
published Nellie_McClung first novel Sowing Seeds in Danny in 1908 . It was a national best seller and was followed by numerous short stories and articles in Canadian and American magazines . In 1911 , the McClungs moved to Winnipeg . eos
first novel Sowing Seeds in Danny in 1908 . It was a national best seller and was followed by numerous short stories and articles in Canadian and American magazines . In 1911 , the McClungs moved to Winnipeg . eos
. An effective speaker with a sense of humour , Nellie_McClung played a leading role in the successful Liberal campaign in 1914 . Nellie_McClung great causes were women 's suffrage and temperance . eos
played a leading role in the successful Liberal campaign in 1914 . Nellie_McClung great causes were women 's suffrage and temperance . It was largely through Nellie_McClung efforts that in 1916 Manitoba became the first province to give women the right to vote and to run for public office . eos
great causes were women 's suffrage and temperance . It was largely through Nellie_McClung efforts that in 1916 Manitoba became the first province to give women the right to vote and to run for public office . The Government of Canada followed suit that same year . eos
efforts that in 1916 Manitoba became the first province to give women the right to vote and to run for public office . The Government of Canada followed suit that same year . After moving to Edmonton , Alberta , Nellie_McClung continued the campaign for suffrage . eos
continued the campaign for suffrage . Nellie_McClung championed dental and medical care for school children , married women 's property rights , mothers ' allowances , factory safety legislation and many other reforms . Not as acknowledged , is the fact Nellie_McClung campaigned for the sterilization of those considered ` ` feeble - minded '' and ` ` immoral '' . eos
championed dental and medical care for school children , married women 's property rights , mothers ' allowances , factory safety legislation and many other reforms . Not as acknowledged , is the fact Nellie_McClung campaigned for the sterilization of those considered ` ` feeble - minded '' and ` ` immoral '' . Over 2,700 Albertans , under the care of the province and who were considered of ` ` inferior genetic stock '' , were sterilized over a 44 year period . eos
campaigned for the sterilization of those considered ` ` feeble - minded '' and ` ` immoral '' . Over 2,700 Albertans , under the care of the province and who were considered of ` ` inferior genetic stock '' , were sterilized over a 44 year period . Over half the sterlizations were performed on aboriginals . eos
. Called a crusader by some , Nellie_McClung was nevertheless a pragmatic leader Nellie_McClung put words into action . Nellie_McClung served as a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1921 to 1926 . eos
was nevertheless a pragmatic leader Nellie_McClung put words into action . Nellie_McClung served as a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1921 to 1926 . Nellie_McClung was one of The Famous Five ( also called The Valiant Five ) , with Irene Parlby , Henrietta Muir Edwards , Emily Murphy and Louise McKinney ; who , in 1927 , put forward a petition to clarify the word ` ` Person '' in Section 24 of the British North America Act ( the Persons Case ) . eos
put words into action . Nellie_McClung served as a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1921 to 1926 . Nellie_McClung was one of The Famous Five ( also called The Valiant Five ) , with Irene Parlby , Henrietta Muir Edwards , Emily Murphy and Louise McKinney ; who , in 1927 , put forward a petition to clarify the word ` ` Person '' in Section 24 of the British North America Act ( the Persons Case ) . eos
served as a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1921 to 1926 . Nellie_McClung was one of The Famous Five ( also called The Valiant Five ) , with Irene Parlby , Henrietta Muir Edwards , Emily Murphy and Louise McKinney ; who , in 1927 , put forward a petition to clarify the word ` ` Person '' in Section 24 of the British North America Act ( the Persons Case ) . On october 18 , 1929 , the Privy Council found that ` ` Person '' includes female persons , thereby making women eligible for appointment to the Canadian Senate . eos
was one of The Famous Five ( also called The Valiant Five ) , with Irene Parlby , Henrietta Muir Edwards , Emily Murphy and Louise McKinney ; who , in 1927 , put forward a petition to clarify the word ` ` Person '' in Section 24 of the British North America Act ( the Persons Case ) . On october 18 , 1929 , the Privy Council found that ` ` Person '' includes female persons , thereby making women eligible for appointment to the Canadian Senate . Nellie_McClung founded a number of organizations : the Winnipeg Political Equality League , the Federated Women 's Institutes of Canada and the Women 's Institute of Edmonton ( of which Nellie_McClung was the first president ) . eos
founded a number of organizations : the Winnipeg Political Equality League , the Federated Women 's Institutes of Canada and the Women 's Institute of Edmonton ( of which Nellie_McClung was the first president ) . Nellie_McClung was also active in the Woman 's Christian Temperance Union , the Canadian Authors Association , the Canadian Women 's Press Club , the Methodist Church of Canada and the Calgary Women 's Literary Club . Nellie_McClung had many firsts : delegate to the Women 's War Conference in Ottawa in 1918 ; sole woman delegate of the Methodist Church of Canada to the Ecumenical Conference in London , 1921 ; the only woman in the Canadian delegation to the League of Nations , Geneva , Switzerland in 1938 and first woman member of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( CBC ) Board of Broadcast Governors ( from 1936 to 1942 ) . eos
was the first president ) . Nellie_McClung was also active in the Woman 's Christian Temperance Union , the Canadian Authors Association , the Canadian Women 's Press Club , the Methodist Church of Canada and the Calgary Women 's Literary Club . Nellie_McClung had many firsts : delegate to the Women 's War Conference in Ottawa in 1918 ; sole woman delegate of the Methodist Church of Canada to the Ecumenical Conference in London , 1921 ; the only woman in the Canadian delegation to the League of Nations , Geneva , Switzerland in 1938 and first woman member of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( CBC ) Board of Broadcast Governors ( from 1936 to 1942 ) . eos
was also active in the Woman 's Christian Temperance Union , the Canadian Authors Association , the Canadian Women 's Press Club , the Methodist Church of Canada and the Calgary Women 's Literary Club . Nellie_McClung had many firsts : delegate to the Women 's War Conference in Ottawa in 1918 ; sole woman delegate of the Methodist Church of Canada to the Ecumenical Conference in London , 1921 ; the only woman in the Canadian delegation to the League of Nations , Geneva , Switzerland in 1938 and first woman member of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( CBC ) Board of Broadcast Governors ( from 1936 to 1942 ) . Nellie_McClung toured Canada , the United States and England as an author and activist . eos
had many firsts : delegate to the Women 's War Conference in Ottawa in 1918 ; sole woman delegate of the Methodist Church of Canada to the Ecumenical Conference in London , 1921 ; the only woman in the Canadian delegation to the League of Nations , Geneva , Switzerland in 1938 and first woman member of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( CBC ) Board of Broadcast Governors ( from 1936 to 1942 ) . Nellie_McClung toured Canada , the United States and England as an author and activist . The first volume of Nellie_McClung autobiography , Clearing in the West : My Own Story was published in 1933 , after Nellie_McClung and Nellie_McClung family moved to Vancouver . eos
toured Canada , the United States and England as an author and activist . The first volume of Nellie_McClung autobiography , Clearing in the West : My Own Story was published in 1933 , after Nellie_McClung and Nellie_McClung family moved to Vancouver . Nellie_McClung wrote sixteen books , many short stories and a syndicated column . eos
autobiography , Clearing in the West : My Own Story was published in 1933 , after Nellie_McClung and Nellie_McClung family moved to Vancouver . Nellie_McClung wrote sixteen books , many short stories and a syndicated column . Although Nellie_McClung was forgotten for a decade , Nellie_McClung was re - discovered by feminists in the 1960s . eos
and Nellie_McClung family moved to Vancouver . Nellie_McClung wrote sixteen books , many short stories and a syndicated column . Although Nellie_McClung was forgotten for a decade , Nellie_McClung was re - discovered by feminists in the 1960s . eos
family moved to Vancouver . Nellie_McClung wrote sixteen books , many short stories and a syndicated column . Although Nellie_McClung was forgotten for a decade , Nellie_McClung was re - discovered by feminists in the 1960s . eos
wrote sixteen books , many short stories and a syndicated column . Although Nellie_McClung was forgotten for a decade , Nellie_McClung was re - discovered by feminists in the 1960s . eos
was forgotten for a decade , Nellie_McClung was re - discovered by feminists in the 1960s . eos
was re - discovered by feminists in the 1960s . eos
( IPA ) ( born july 18 , 1918 ) was the first President of South Africa to be elected in fully - representative democratic elections . Before Nelson_Mandela presidency Nelson_Mandela was a prominent anti - apartheid activist and leader of the African National Congress . Nelson_Mandela was tried and imprisoned for Nelson_Mandela involvement in underground armed resistance activities . eos
presidency Nelson_Mandela was a prominent anti - apartheid activist and leader of the African National Congress . Nelson_Mandela was tried and imprisoned for Nelson_Mandela involvement in underground armed resistance activities . The armed struggle was a last resort ; Nelson_Mandela had remained steadfastly committed to non - violence . eos
was a prominent anti - apartheid activist and leader of the African National Congress . Nelson_Mandela was tried and imprisoned for Nelson_Mandela involvement in underground armed resistance activities . The armed struggle was a last resort ; Nelson_Mandela had remained steadfastly committed to non - violence . eos
was tried and imprisoned for Nelson_Mandela involvement in underground armed resistance activities . The armed struggle was a last resort ; Nelson_Mandela had remained steadfastly committed to non - violence . Through Nelson_Mandela 27-year imprisonment , much of it spent in a cell on Robben Island , Nelson_Mandela became the most widely known figure in the struggle against South African apartheid . eos
involvement in underground armed resistance activities . The armed struggle was a last resort ; Nelson_Mandela had remained steadfastly committed to non - violence . Through Nelson_Mandela 27-year imprisonment , much of it spent in a cell on Robben Island , Nelson_Mandela became the most widely known figure in the struggle against South African apartheid . eos
had remained steadfastly committed to non - violence . Through Nelson_Mandela 27-year imprisonment , much of it spent in a cell on Robben Island , Nelson_Mandela became the most widely known figure in the struggle against South African apartheid . Although the apartheid regime and nations sympathetic to it considered Nelson_Mandela and the ANC to be communists and terrorists , the armed struggle was an integral part of the overall campaign against apartheid . eos
27-year imprisonment , much of it spent in a cell on Robben Island , Nelson_Mandela became the most widely known figure in the struggle against South African apartheid . Although the apartheid regime and nations sympathetic to it considered Nelson_Mandela and the ANC to be communists and terrorists , the armed struggle was an integral part of the overall campaign against apartheid . The switch in policy to that of reconciliation , which Nelson_Mandela pursued upon Nelson_Mandela release in 1990 , facilitated a peaceful transition to fully - representative democracy in South Africa . eos
became the most widely known figure in the struggle against South African apartheid . Although the apartheid regime and nations sympathetic to it considered Nelson_Mandela and the ANC to be communists and terrorists , the armed struggle was an integral part of the overall campaign against apartheid . The switch in policy to that of reconciliation , which Nelson_Mandela pursued upon Nelson_Mandela release in 1990 , facilitated a peaceful transition to fully - representative democracy in South Africa . eos
and the ANC to be communists and terrorists , the armed struggle was an integral part of the overall campaign against apartheid . The switch in policy to that of reconciliation , which Nelson_Mandela pursued upon Nelson_Mandela release in 1990 , facilitated a peaceful transition to fully - representative democracy in South Africa . Having received over a hundred awards over four decades , Nelson_Mandela is currently a celebrated elder statesman Nelson_Mandela continues to voice Nelson_Mandela opinion on topical issues . eos
pursued upon Nelson_Mandela release in 1990 , facilitated a peaceful transition to fully - representative democracy in South Africa . Having received over a hundred awards over four decades , Nelson_Mandela is currently a celebrated elder statesman Nelson_Mandela continues to voice Nelson_Mandela opinion on topical issues . In South Africa Nelson_Mandela is often known as Madiba , an honorary title adopted by elders of Nelson_Mandela clan . eos
release in 1990 , facilitated a peaceful transition to fully - representative democracy in South Africa . Having received over a hundred awards over four decades , Nelson_Mandela is currently a celebrated elder statesman Nelson_Mandela continues to voice Nelson_Mandela opinion on topical issues . In South Africa Nelson_Mandela is often known as Madiba , an honorary title adopted by elders of Nelson_Mandela clan . eos
is currently a celebrated elder statesman Nelson_Mandela continues to voice Nelson_Mandela opinion on topical issues . In South Africa Nelson_Mandela is often known as Madiba , an honorary title adopted by elders of Nelson_Mandela clan . The title has come to be synonymous with Nelson_Mandela . eos
continues to voice Nelson_Mandela opinion on topical issues . In South Africa Nelson_Mandela is often known as Madiba , an honorary title adopted by elders of Nelson_Mandela clan . The title has come to be synonymous with Nelson_Mandela . eos
opinion on topical issues . In South Africa Nelson_Mandela is often known as Madiba , an honorary title adopted by elders of Nelson_Mandela clan . The title has come to be synonymous with Nelson_Mandela . eos
is often known as Madiba , an honorary title adopted by elders of Nelson_Mandela clan . The title has come to be synonymous with Nelson_Mandela . Many South Africans also refer to Nelson_Mandela reverently as ` mkhulu ' ( grandfather ) . eos
clan . The title has come to be synonymous with Nelson_Mandela . Many South Africans also refer to Nelson_Mandela reverently as ` mkhulu ' ( grandfather ) . eos
. Many South Africans also refer to Nelson_Mandela reverently as ` mkhulu ' ( grandfather ) . eos
reverently as ` mkhulu ' ( grandfather ) . eos
( b. april 18 , 1964 in Glasgow , Scotland ) is a widely published and controversial British historian of modern imperialism . Niall_Ferguson was educated as a Demy at Magdalen College , Oxford , graduating with a first class honours degree . Niall_Ferguson is the Laurence A Tisch Professor of History at Harvard University , a Senior Research Fellow of Jesus College , Oxford University and a Senior Fellow of the Hoover Institution , Stanford University . eos
was educated as a Demy at Magdalen College , Oxford , graduating with a first class honours degree . Niall_Ferguson is the Laurence A Tisch Professor of History at Harvard University , a Senior Research Fellow of Jesus College , Oxford University and a Senior Fellow of the Hoover Institution , Stanford University . Niall_Ferguson is a specialist in financial and economic history . eos
is the Laurence A Tisch Professor of History at Harvard University , a Senior Research Fellow of Jesus College , Oxford University and a Senior Fellow of the Hoover Institution , Stanford University . Niall_Ferguson is a specialist in financial and economic history . eos
is a specialist in financial and economic history . eos
( May 3 , 1469 - june 21 , 1527 ) was a political philosopher , musician , poet , and romantic comedic playwright . Niccolo_Machiavelli is a key figure of the Italian Renaissance and a central figure of its political component , most widely known for Niccolo_Machiavelli treatises on realist political theory ( The Prince ) on the one hand and republicanism ( Discourses on Livy ) on the other . eos
is a key figure of the Italian Renaissance and a central figure of its political component , most widely known for Niccolo_Machiavelli treatises on realist political theory ( The Prince ) on the one hand and republicanism ( Discourses on Livy ) on the other . eos
treatises on realist political theory ( The Prince ) on the one hand and republicanism ( Discourses on Livy ) on the other . eos
( october 30 , 1869-july 17 , 1931 ) was a Romanian physiologist , professor of medicine and the discoverer of insulin . eos
( february 19 , 1473 - May 24 , 1543 ) was an astronomer Nicolaus_Copernicus provided the first modern formulation of a heliocentric ( sun - centered ) theory of the solar system in Nicolaus_Copernicus epochal book , De revolutionibus orbium coelestium ( On the Revolutions of the Celestial Spheres ) . Nicolaus_Copernicus was one of the great polymaths of the Renaissance . eos
provided the first modern formulation of a heliocentric ( sun - centered ) theory of the solar system in Nicolaus_Copernicus epochal book , De revolutionibus orbium coelestium ( On the Revolutions of the Celestial Spheres ) . Nicolaus_Copernicus was one of the great polymaths of the Renaissance . eos
epochal book , De revolutionibus orbium coelestium ( On the Revolutions of the Celestial Spheres ) . Nicolaus_Copernicus was one of the great polymaths of the Renaissance . eos
was one of the great polymaths of the Renaissance . Nicolaus_Copernicus was a mathematician , astronomer , jurist , physician , classical scholar , governor , administrator , diplomat , economist and soldier . Amid Nicolaus_Copernicus extensive responsibilities , Nicolaus_Copernicus treated astronomy as an avocation . eos
was a mathematician , astronomer , jurist , physician , classical scholar , governor , administrator , diplomat , economist and soldier . Amid Nicolaus_Copernicus extensive responsibilities , Nicolaus_Copernicus treated astronomy as an avocation . However , Nicolaus_Copernicus formulation of how the sun rather than the earth is at the center of the solar system is considered one of the most important scientific hypotheses in history . eos
extensive responsibilities , Nicolaus_Copernicus treated astronomy as an avocation . However , Nicolaus_Copernicus formulation of how the sun rather than the earth is at the center of the solar system is considered one of the most important scientific hypotheses in history . It came to mark the starting point of modern astronomy and , in turn , of modern science . eos
treated astronomy as an avocation . However , Nicolaus_Copernicus formulation of how the sun rather than the earth is at the center of the solar system is considered one of the most important scientific hypotheses in history . It came to mark the starting point of modern astronomy and , in turn , of modern science . eos
formulation of how the sun rather than the earth is at the center of the solar system is considered one of the most important scientific hypotheses in history . It came to mark the starting point of modern astronomy and , in turn , of modern science . eos
"" IPA : "" nels ˈb̥oɐ̯ˀ "" "" ( october 7 , 1885 - november 18 , 1962 ) was a Danish physicist Niels_Bohr made fundamental contributions to understanding atomic structure and quantum mechanics . eos
made fundamental contributions to understanding atomic structure and quantum mechanics . Niels_Bohr is widely considered one of the greatest physicists of the twentieth century . eos
is widely considered one of the greatest physicists of the twentieth century . eos
( "" Russian : Ники́та Серге́евич Хрущёв "" ; "" IPA : nʲɪˈkʲitə sʲɪˈrgʲejɪvʲɪtɕ xruˈɕːof "" ) ; surname more accurately romanized as Khrushchyov ; april 17 , 1894-september 11 , 1971 ) was the leader of the Soviet Union after the death of Joseph Stalin . eos
was First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1953 to 1964 and Chairman of the Council of Ministers from 1958 to 1964 . Nikita_Khrushchev was removed from power by Nikita_Khrushchev party colleagues in 1964 and replaced by Leonid Brezhnev . Nikita_Khrushchev spent the last seven years of Nikita_Khrushchev life under the close supervision of the KGB . eos
was removed from power by Nikita_Khrushchev party colleagues in 1964 and replaced by Leonid Brezhnev . Nikita_Khrushchev spent the last seven years of Nikita_Khrushchev life under the close supervision of the KGB . eos
party colleagues in 1964 and replaced by Leonid Brezhnev . Nikita_Khrushchev spent the last seven years of Nikita_Khrushchev life under the close supervision of the KGB . eos
spent the last seven years of Nikita_Khrushchev life under the close supervision of the KGB . eos
life under the close supervision of the KGB . eos
( april 25 1599 - september 3 1658 ) was an English military and political leader best known for making England a republic and leading the Commonwealth of England . For the first forty years of Oliver_Cromwell life a middling gentry farmer , Oliver_Cromwell rose from the ranks to command the Army and eventually to impose Oliver_Cromwell rule on England , Scotland , and Ireland as Lord Protector , from december 16 1653 until Oliver_Cromwell death . Oliver_Cromwell is a very controversial figure in English history - a regicidal dictator to some historians ( such as David Hume and Christopher Hill ) and a hero of liberty to others ( such as Thomas Carlyle and Samuel Rawson Gardiner . ) eos
life a middling gentry farmer , Oliver_Cromwell rose from the ranks to command the Army and eventually to impose Oliver_Cromwell rule on England , Scotland , and Ireland as Lord Protector , from december 16 1653 until Oliver_Cromwell death . Oliver_Cromwell is a very controversial figure in English history - a regicidal dictator to some historians ( such as David Hume and Christopher Hill ) and a hero of liberty to others ( such as Thomas Carlyle and Samuel Rawson Gardiner . ) Oliver_Cromwell was a regicide Oliver_Cromwell debated whether to accept the crown himself and decided not - though ironically Oliver_Cromwell had more power than Charles I Oliver_Cromwell was a parliamentarian eos
rose from the ranks to command the Army and eventually to impose Oliver_Cromwell rule on England , Scotland , and Ireland as Lord Protector , from december 16 1653 until Oliver_Cromwell death . Oliver_Cromwell is a very controversial figure in English history - a regicidal dictator to some historians ( such as David Hume and Christopher Hill ) and a hero of liberty to others ( such as Thomas Carlyle and Samuel Rawson Gardiner . ) Oliver_Cromwell was a regicide Oliver_Cromwell debated whether to accept the crown himself and decided not - though ironically Oliver_Cromwell had more power than Charles I Oliver_Cromwell was a parliamentarian eos
rule on England , Scotland , and Ireland as Lord Protector , from december 16 1653 until Oliver_Cromwell death . Oliver_Cromwell is a very controversial figure in English history - a regicidal dictator to some historians ( such as David Hume and Christopher Hill ) and a hero of liberty to others ( such as Thomas Carlyle and Samuel Rawson Gardiner . ) Oliver_Cromwell was a regicide Oliver_Cromwell debated whether to accept the crown himself and decided not - though ironically Oliver_Cromwell had more power than Charles I Oliver_Cromwell was a parliamentarian eos
death . Oliver_Cromwell is a very controversial figure in English history - a regicidal dictator to some historians ( such as David Hume and Christopher Hill ) and a hero of liberty to others ( such as Thomas Carlyle and Samuel Rawson Gardiner . ) Oliver_Cromwell was a regicide Oliver_Cromwell debated whether to accept the crown himself and decided not - though ironically Oliver_Cromwell had more power than Charles I Oliver_Cromwell was a parliamentarian eos
is a very controversial figure in English history - a regicidal dictator to some historians ( such as David Hume and Christopher Hill ) and a hero of liberty to others ( such as Thomas Carlyle and Samuel Rawson Gardiner . ) Oliver_Cromwell was a regicide Oliver_Cromwell debated whether to accept the crown himself and decided not - though ironically Oliver_Cromwell had more power than Charles I Oliver_Cromwell was a parliamentarian Oliver_Cromwell ordered Oliver_Cromwell soldiers to dissolve parliaments . eos
was a parliamentarian Oliver_Cromwell ordered Oliver_Cromwell soldiers to dissolve parliaments . Oliver_Cromwell was devoted to Christian values yet eos
was a regicide Oliver_Cromwell debated whether to accept the crown himself and decided not - though ironically Oliver_Cromwell had more power than Charles I Oliver_Cromwell was a parliamentarian Oliver_Cromwell ordered Oliver_Cromwell soldiers to dissolve parliaments . Oliver_Cromwell was devoted to Christian values yet eos
debated whether to accept the crown himself and decided not - though ironically Oliver_Cromwell had more power than Charles I Oliver_Cromwell was a parliamentarian Oliver_Cromwell ordered Oliver_Cromwell soldiers to dissolve parliaments . Oliver_Cromwell was devoted to Christian values yet eos
had more power than Charles I Oliver_Cromwell was a parliamentarian Oliver_Cromwell ordered Oliver_Cromwell soldiers to dissolve parliaments . Oliver_Cromwell was devoted to Christian values yet eos
ordered Oliver_Cromwell soldiers to dissolve parliaments . Oliver_Cromwell was devoted to Christian values yet Oliver_Cromwell conquests of Scotland and Ireland were brutal . eos
soldiers to dissolve parliaments . Oliver_Cromwell was devoted to Christian values yet Oliver_Cromwell conquests of Scotland and Ireland were brutal . eos
was devoted to Christian values yet Oliver_Cromwell conquests of Scotland and Ireland were brutal . Oliver_Cromwell advocated religious liberty of conscience but Oliver_Cromwell allowed blasphemers to be tortured . eos
conquests of Scotland and Ireland were brutal . Oliver_Cromwell advocated religious liberty of conscience but Oliver_Cromwell allowed blasphemers to be tortured . Oliver_Cromwell advocated equitable justice eos
advocated religious liberty of conscience but Oliver_Cromwell allowed blasphemers to be tortured . Oliver_Cromwell advocated equitable justice but Oliver_Cromwell imprisoned those who criticized Oliver_Cromwell raising taxation outside the agreement of Parliament . eos
allowed blasphemers to be tortured . Oliver_Cromwell advocated equitable justice but Oliver_Cromwell imprisoned those who criticized Oliver_Cromwell raising taxation outside the agreement of Parliament . eos
advocated equitable justice but Oliver_Cromwell imprisoned those who criticized Oliver_Cromwell raising taxation outside the agreement of Parliament . Admirers hail Oliver_Cromwell as a strong , stabilizing and stately leader Oliver_Cromwell brought international respect , eos
imprisoned those who criticized Oliver_Cromwell raising taxation outside the agreement of Parliament . Admirers hail Oliver_Cromwell as a strong , stabilizing and stately leader Oliver_Cromwell brought international respect , Oliver_Cromwell overthrew tyranny and Oliver_Cromwell promoted republicanism and liberty . eos
raising taxation outside the agreement of Parliament . Admirers hail Oliver_Cromwell as a strong , stabilizing and stately leader Oliver_Cromwell brought international respect , Oliver_Cromwell overthrew tyranny and Oliver_Cromwell promoted republicanism and liberty . eos
as a strong , stabilizing and stately leader Oliver_Cromwell brought international respect , Oliver_Cromwell overthrew tyranny and Oliver_Cromwell promoted republicanism and liberty . In a BBC poll of Great Britons , Oliver_Cromwell was voted number 10 . eos
brought international respect , Oliver_Cromwell overthrew tyranny and Oliver_Cromwell promoted republicanism and liberty . In a BBC poll of Great Britons , Oliver_Cromwell was voted number 10 . eos
overthrew tyranny and Oliver_Cromwell promoted republicanism and liberty . In a BBC poll of Great Britons , Oliver_Cromwell was voted number 10 . Oliver_Cromwell critics ridiculed Oliver_Cromwell as an overly ambitious hypocrite Oliver_Cromwell betrayed the cause of liberty , Oliver_Cromwell imposed puritanical values and Oliver_Cromwell showed scant respect for the nation 's traditions . eos
promoted republicanism and liberty . In a BBC poll of Great Britons , Oliver_Cromwell was voted number 10 . Oliver_Cromwell critics ridiculed Oliver_Cromwell as an overly ambitious hypocrite Oliver_Cromwell betrayed the cause of liberty , Oliver_Cromwell imposed puritanical values and Oliver_Cromwell showed scant respect for the nation 's traditions . eos
was voted number 10 . Oliver_Cromwell critics ridiculed Oliver_Cromwell as an overly ambitious hypocrite Oliver_Cromwell betrayed the cause of liberty , Oliver_Cromwell imposed puritanical values and Oliver_Cromwell showed scant respect for the nation 's traditions . When the Royalists returned to power , Oliver_Cromwell corpse was dug up , hung in chains , and beheaded . eos
critics ridiculed Oliver_Cromwell as an overly ambitious hypocrite Oliver_Cromwell betrayed the cause of liberty , Oliver_Cromwell imposed puritanical values and Oliver_Cromwell showed scant respect for the nation 's traditions . When the Royalists returned to power , Oliver_Cromwell corpse was dug up , hung in chains , and beheaded . eos
as an overly ambitious hypocrite Oliver_Cromwell betrayed the cause of liberty , Oliver_Cromwell imposed puritanical values and Oliver_Cromwell showed scant respect for the nation 's traditions . When the Royalists returned to power , Oliver_Cromwell corpse was dug up , hung in chains , and beheaded . eos
betrayed the cause of liberty , Oliver_Cromwell imposed puritanical values and Oliver_Cromwell showed scant respect for the nation 's traditions . When the Royalists returned to power , Oliver_Cromwell corpse was dug up , hung in chains , and beheaded . eos
imposed puritanical values and Oliver_Cromwell showed scant respect for the nation 's traditions . When the Royalists returned to power , Oliver_Cromwell corpse was dug up , hung in chains , and beheaded . eos
showed scant respect for the nation 's traditions . When the Royalists returned to power , Oliver_Cromwell corpse was dug up , hung in chains , and beheaded . eos
corpse was dug up , hung in chains , and beheaded . eos
( born on june 7 , 1952 in Istanbul ) is a Nobel Prize - winning Turkish novelist . Orhan_Pamuk is often regarded as a post - modern writer . Orhan_Pamuk long - standing popularity in Orhan_Pamuk home country was affected by events in 2005 ( see ` ` Criminal case '' below ) , but Orhan_Pamuk readership around the globe continues to grow . eos
is often regarded as a post - modern writer . Orhan_Pamuk long - standing popularity in Orhan_Pamuk home country was affected by events in 2005 ( see ` ` Criminal case '' below ) , but Orhan_Pamuk readership around the globe continues to grow . As one of Turkey 's most prominent novelists , Orhan_Pamuk work has been translated into more than forty languages . eos
long - standing popularity in Orhan_Pamuk home country was affected by events in 2005 ( see ` ` Criminal case '' below ) , but Orhan_Pamuk readership around the globe continues to grow . As one of Turkey 's most prominent novelists , Orhan_Pamuk work has been translated into more than forty languages . Orhan_Pamuk is the recipient of numerous national and international literary awards . eos
home country was affected by events in 2005 ( see ` ` Criminal case '' below ) , but Orhan_Pamuk readership around the globe continues to grow . As one of Turkey 's most prominent novelists , Orhan_Pamuk work has been translated into more than forty languages . Orhan_Pamuk is the recipient of numerous national and international literary awards . eos
readership around the globe continues to grow . As one of Turkey 's most prominent novelists , Orhan_Pamuk work has been translated into more than forty languages . Orhan_Pamuk is the recipient of numerous national and international literary awards . eos
work has been translated into more than forty languages . Orhan_Pamuk is the recipient of numerous national and international literary awards . Orhan_Pamuk was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature on october 12 2006 , becoming the first Turkish person to win a Nobel Prize . eos
is the recipient of numerous national and international literary awards . Orhan_Pamuk was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature on october 12 2006 , becoming the first Turkish person to win a Nobel Prize . eos
was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature on october 12 2006 , becoming the first Turkish person to win a Nobel Prize . eos
( april 28 , 1908 - october 9 , 1974 ) was a Sudeten German industrialist Oskar_Schindler saved Oskar_Schindler Jewish workers from the Holocaust . Oskar_Schindler saved as many as 1,200 Jews by having them work in Oskar_Schindler enamelware and munitions factories located in Poland and what is now the Czech Republic . Oskar_Schindler was the subject of the film Schindler 's List . eos
saved Oskar_Schindler Jewish workers from the Holocaust . Oskar_Schindler saved as many as 1,200 Jews by having them work in Oskar_Schindler enamelware and munitions factories located in Poland and what is now the Czech Republic . Oskar_Schindler was the subject of the film Schindler 's List . eos
Jewish workers from the Holocaust . Oskar_Schindler saved as many as 1,200 Jews by having them work in Oskar_Schindler enamelware and munitions factories located in Poland and what is now the Czech Republic . Oskar_Schindler was the subject of the film Schindler 's List . eos
saved as many as 1,200 Jews by having them work in Oskar_Schindler enamelware and munitions factories located in Poland and what is now the Czech Republic . Oskar_Schindler was the subject of the film Schindler 's List . eos
enamelware and munitions factories located in Poland and what is now the Czech Republic . Oskar_Schindler was the subject of the film Schindler 's List . eos
was the subject of the film Schindler 's List . eos
( november 23 912 - May 7 973 ) , son of Henry I the Fowler , king of the Germans , and Matilda of Ringelheim , was Duke of the Saxons , King of the Germans and arguably the first Holy Roman Emperor - while Charlemagne had been crowned emperor in 800 , his empire was divided amongst his grandsons , and following the assassination of Berengar of Friuli in 924 , the imperial title lay vacant for nearly forty years . eos
, Prince von Bismarck , Duke of Lauenburg ( april 1 , 1815 - july 30 , 1898 ) was one of the most prominent European aristocrats and statesmen of the nineteenth century . As Minister - President of Prussia from 1862 to 1890 , Otto_von_Bismarck engineered the unification of the numerous states of Germany . From 1867 on , Otto_von_Bismarck was Chancellor of the North German Confederation . eos
engineered the unification of the numerous states of Germany . From 1867 on , Otto_von_Bismarck was Chancellor of the North German Confederation . When the German Empire was declared in 1871 , Otto_von_Bismarck served as its first Chancellor . eos
was Chancellor of the North German Confederation . When the German Empire was declared in 1871 , Otto_von_Bismarck served as its first Chancellor . Otto_von_Bismarck was made the Count of Bismarck - Schönhausen in 1865 , and in 1871 Otto_von_Bismarck became Prince ( Fürst ) of Bismarck . eos
served as its first Chancellor . Otto_von_Bismarck was made the Count of Bismarck - Schönhausen in 1865 , and in 1871 Otto_von_Bismarck became Prince ( Fürst ) of Bismarck . In 1890 Otto_von_Bismarck was also made the Duke of Lauenburg . eos
was made the Count of Bismarck - Schönhausen in 1865 , and in 1871 Otto_von_Bismarck became Prince ( Fürst ) of Bismarck . In 1890 Otto_von_Bismarck was also made the Duke of Lauenburg . The ducal title , which Otto_von_Bismarck received upon Otto_von_Bismarck dismissal from office , Otto_von_Bismarck refused initially only to later accept , which was the highest rank of the non - sovereign nobility , and was styled Serene Highness . eos
became Prince ( Fürst ) of Bismarck . In 1890 Otto_von_Bismarck was also made the Duke of Lauenburg . The ducal title , which Otto_von_Bismarck received upon Otto_von_Bismarck dismissal from office , Otto_von_Bismarck refused initially only to later accept , which was the highest rank of the non - sovereign nobility , and was styled Serene Highness . eos
was also made the Duke of Lauenburg . The ducal title , which Otto_von_Bismarck received upon Otto_von_Bismarck dismissal from office , Otto_von_Bismarck refused initially only to later accept , which was the highest rank of the non - sovereign nobility , and was styled Serene Highness . Otto_von_Bismarck is also known as the Iron Chancellor ( ` ` der eiserne Kanzler '' ) . eos
refused initially only to later accept , which was the highest rank of the non - sovereign nobility , and was styled Serene Highness . Otto_von_Bismarck is also known as the Iron Chancellor ( ` ` der eiserne Kanzler '' ) . eos
received upon Otto_von_Bismarck dismissal from office , Otto_von_Bismarck refused initially only to later accept , which was the highest rank of the non - sovereign nobility , and was styled Serene Highness . Otto_von_Bismarck is also known as the Iron Chancellor ( ` ` der eiserne Kanzler '' ) . eos
dismissal from office , Otto_von_Bismarck refused initially only to later accept , which was the highest rank of the non - sovereign nobility , and was styled Serene Highness . Otto_von_Bismarck is also known as the Iron Chancellor ( ` ` der eiserne Kanzler '' ) . eos
is also known as the Iron Chancellor ( ` ` der eiserne Kanzler '' ) . eos
IPA : ` ouain glɨn ` dur , sometimes anglicised as Owen Glendower ( 1359-c . 1416 ) and crowned as Owain IV of Wales , was the last Welsh person to hold the title Prince of Wales . Owain_Glyndower instigated an ultimately unsuccessful revolt against English rule of Wales . Owain_Glyndower was a descendant of the princes of Powys from Owain_Glyndower father Gruffydd Fychan II , Hereditary Tywysog of Powys Fadog and Lord of Glyndyfrdwy , and of those of Deheubarth through Owain_Glyndower mother eos
instigated an ultimately unsuccessful revolt against English rule of Wales . Owain_Glyndower was a descendant of the princes of Powys from Owain_Glyndower father Gruffydd Fychan II , Hereditary Tywysog of Powys Fadog and Lord of Glyndyfrdwy , and of those of Deheubarth through Owain_Glyndower mother Elen ferch Tomas ap Llywelyn . eos
was a descendant of the princes of Powys from Owain_Glyndower father Gruffydd Fychan II , Hereditary Tywysog of Powys Fadog and Lord of Glyndyfrdwy , and of those of Deheubarth through Owain_Glyndower mother Elen ferch Tomas ap Llywelyn . On september 16 , 1400 , Owain_Glyndower instigated the Welsh Revolt against the rule of Henry IV of England . eos
father Gruffydd Fychan II , Hereditary Tywysog of Powys Fadog and Lord of Glyndyfrdwy , and of those of Deheubarth through Owain_Glyndower mother Elen ferch Tomas ap Llywelyn . On september 16 , 1400 , Owain_Glyndower instigated the Welsh Revolt against the rule of Henry IV of England . eos
mother Elen ferch Tomas ap Llywelyn . On september 16 , 1400 , Owain_Glyndower instigated the Welsh Revolt against the rule of Henry IV of England . eos
instigated the Welsh Revolt against the rule of Henry IV of England . Although initially successful , the uprising was eventually put down - Owain_Glyndower was last seen in 1412 and Owain_Glyndower was never captured . eos
was last seen in 1412 and Owain_Glyndower was never captured . Owain_Glyndower has remained a notable figure in the popular culture of both Wales and England , portrayed in Shakespeare 's play Henry IV as a wild and exotic man ruled by magic and emotion . In the late 19th century the ` ` Young Wales '' movement recreated Owain_Glyndower as the father of Welsh nationalism , revising the historical image of Owain_Glyndower as a purely local leader and joining Owain_Glyndower in popular memory as a national hero on a par with King Arthur . eos
was never captured . Owain_Glyndower has remained a notable figure in the popular culture of both Wales and England , portrayed in Shakespeare 's play Henry IV as a wild and exotic man ruled by magic and emotion . In the late 19th century the ` ` Young Wales '' movement recreated Owain_Glyndower as the father of Welsh nationalism , revising the historical image of Owain_Glyndower as a purely local leader and joining Owain_Glyndower in popular memory as a national hero on a par with King Arthur . eos
has remained a notable figure in the popular culture of both Wales and England , portrayed in Shakespeare 's play Henry IV as a wild and exotic man ruled by magic and emotion . In the late 19th century the ` ` Young Wales '' movement recreated Owain_Glyndower as the father of Welsh nationalism , revising the historical image of Owain_Glyndower as a purely local leader and joining Owain_Glyndower in popular memory as a national hero on a par with King Arthur . In 2000 celebrations were held all over Wales to commemorate the 600th anniversary of the rising . eos
as the father of Welsh nationalism , revising the historical image of Owain_Glyndower as a purely local leader and joining Owain_Glyndower in popular memory as a national hero on a par with King Arthur . In 2000 celebrations were held all over Wales to commemorate the 600th anniversary of the rising . eos
as a purely local leader and joining Owain_Glyndower in popular memory as a national hero on a par with King Arthur . In 2000 celebrations were held all over Wales to commemorate the 600th anniversary of the rising . eos
in popular memory as a national hero on a par with King Arthur . In 2000 celebrations were held all over Wales to commemorate the 600th anniversary of the rising . eos
( october 25 , 1881 - april 8 , 1973 ) was a Spanish painter and sculptor . One of the most recognized figures in 20th century art , Pablo_Picasso is best known as the co - founder , along with Georges Braque , of cubism . It has been estimated that Pablo_Picasso produced about 13,500 paintings or designs , 100,000 prints or engravings , 34,000 book illustrations and 300 sculptures or ceramics . eos
is best known as the co - founder , along with Georges Braque , of cubism . It has been estimated that Pablo_Picasso produced about 13,500 paintings or designs , 100,000 prints or engravings , 34,000 book illustrations and 300 sculptures or ceramics . eos
produced about 13,500 paintings or designs , 100,000 prints or engravings , 34,000 book illustrations and 300 sculptures or ceramics . eos
( born july 1 , 1967 ) is a Canadian actress , sex symbol , glamour model , producer , TV personality and author . For a time , Pamela_Anderson was known as Pamela Anderson Lee having married rock musician Tommy Lee . Pamela_Anderson is popularly known for modeling and television acting in the 1990s and for Pamela_Anderson large breast implants . eos
was known as Pamela Anderson Lee having married rock musician Tommy Lee . Pamela_Anderson is popularly known for modeling and television acting in the 1990s and for Pamela_Anderson large breast implants . Pamela_Anderson has been called the sex symbol of the ' 90s . eos
is popularly known for modeling and television acting in the 1990s and for Pamela_Anderson large breast implants . Pamela_Anderson has been called the sex symbol of the ' 90s . Pamela_Anderson holds dual citizenship as both a Canadian and an American . eos
large breast implants . Pamela_Anderson has been called the sex symbol of the ' 90s . Pamela_Anderson holds dual citizenship as both a Canadian and an American . eos
has been called the sex symbol of the ' 90s . Pamela_Anderson holds dual citizenship as both a Canadian and an American . eos
holds dual citizenship as both a Canadian and an American . eos
( IPA pronunciation : "" IPA : "" ʁwa "" "" ) , ( born october 5 , 1965 , in Quebec City , Quebec , Canada ) is a retired ice hockey goaltender and current co - owner , general manager , and head coach of the Quebec Remparts of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League . Nicknamed ` ` St. Patrick , '' and adored by fans of the Montreal Canadiens and Colorado Avalanche , Patrick_Roy is the National Hockey League 's all - time leader in both wins and games played by a goaltender , and Patrick_Roy is widely regarded as one of the greatest goaltenders of all time . On november 13 , 2006 , Patrick_Roy was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame . eos
is the National Hockey League 's all - time leader in both wins and games played by a goaltender , and Patrick_Roy is widely regarded as one of the greatest goaltenders of all time . On november 13 , 2006 , Patrick_Roy was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame . eos
is widely regarded as one of the greatest goaltenders of all time . On november 13 , 2006 , Patrick_Roy was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame . eos
was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame . eos
( born january 28 , 1943 in Lucknow , Ontario , Canada ) is a retired Canadian hockey left winger Paul_Henderson played 13 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings , Toronto Maple Leafs and Atlanta Flames . Paul_Henderson presently works in various ministries affiliated with Campus Crusade for Christ . eos
played 13 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings , Toronto Maple Leafs and Atlanta Flames . Paul_Henderson presently works in various ministries affiliated with Campus Crusade for Christ . eos
presently works in various ministries affiliated with Campus Crusade for Christ . eos
CBE ( born 1945 ) is a British historian specializing in international relations and grand strategy . Paul_Kennedy has published books on the history of the Royal Navy , Great Power struggles , the Pacific War and many others . Paul_Kennedy was born in North East England , at Wallsend . eos
has published books on the history of the Royal Navy , Great Power struggles , the Pacific War and many others . Paul_Kennedy was born in North East England , at Wallsend . Paul_Kennedy went to St. Cuthbert 's Grammar School in Newcastle and Paul_Kennedy attended the University of Newcastle , where Paul_Kennedy graduated with first class honors in history , and Paul_Kennedy received his doctorate from Oxford . eos
was born in North East England , at Wallsend . Paul_Kennedy went to St. Cuthbert 's Grammar School in Newcastle and Paul_Kennedy attended the University of Newcastle , where Paul_Kennedy graduated with first class honors in history , and Paul_Kennedy received his doctorate from Oxford . Paul_Kennedy was a Professor of History at the University of East Anglia between 1970 and 1983 . eos
went to St. Cuthbert 's Grammar School in Newcastle and Paul_Kennedy attended the University of Newcastle , where Paul_Kennedy graduated with first class honors in history , and Paul_Kennedy received his doctorate from Oxford . Paul_Kennedy was a Professor of History at the University of East Anglia between 1970 and 1983 . Paul_Kennedy is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society , a former Visiting Fellow of the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton University , and of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation in Germany . eos
attended the University of Newcastle , where Paul_Kennedy graduated with first class honors in history , and Paul_Kennedy received his doctorate from Oxford . Paul_Kennedy was a Professor of History at the University of East Anglia between 1970 and 1983 . Paul_Kennedy is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society , a former Visiting Fellow of the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton University , and of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation in Germany . eos
graduated with first class honors in history , and Paul_Kennedy received his doctorate from Oxford . Paul_Kennedy was a Professor of History at the University of East Anglia between 1970 and 1983 . Paul_Kennedy is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society , a former Visiting Fellow of the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton University , and of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation in Germany . eos
received his doctorate from Oxford . Paul_Kennedy was a Professor of History at the University of East Anglia between 1970 and 1983 . Paul_Kennedy is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society , a former Visiting Fellow of the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton University , and of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation in Germany . eos
was a Professor of History at the University of East Anglia between 1970 and 1983 . Paul_Kennedy is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society , a former Visiting Fellow of the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton University , and of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation in Germany . Paul_Kennedy was made a Commander of the British Empire in 2001 . eos
is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society , a former Visiting Fellow of the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton University , and of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation in Germany . Paul_Kennedy was made a Commander of the British Empire in 2001 . Paul_Kennedy is the J Richardson Dilworth professor of British history at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut . eos
was made a Commander of the British Empire in 2001 . Paul_Kennedy is the J Richardson Dilworth professor of British history at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut . Paul_Kennedy is also the Director of International Security Studies and along with John Lewis Gaddis and Charles Hill , Paul_Kennedy teaches the Studies in Grand Strategy course there . eos
is the J Richardson Dilworth professor of British history at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut . Paul_Kennedy is also the Director of International Security Studies and along with John Lewis Gaddis and Charles Hill , Paul_Kennedy teaches the Studies in Grand Strategy course there . Paul_Kennedy most famous book , The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers , has been translated into 23 languages and assesses the interaction between economics and strategy over the past five centuries . eos
is also the Director of International Security Studies and along with John Lewis Gaddis and Charles Hill , Paul_Kennedy teaches the Studies in Grand Strategy course there . Paul_Kennedy most famous book , The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers , has been translated into 23 languages and assesses the interaction between economics and strategy over the past five centuries . eos
teaches the Studies in Grand Strategy course there . Paul_Kennedy most famous book , The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers , has been translated into 23 languages and assesses the interaction between economics and strategy over the past five centuries . eos
most famous book , The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers , has been translated into 23 languages and assesses the interaction between economics and strategy over the past five centuries . eos
, MBE , ( born june 18 , 1942 ) is an English songwriter , musician and singer , best known as a member of The Beatles and one half of the songwriting partnership known as Lennon / McCartney . Paul_McCartney was a member of the The Beatles ( ` the greatest and most influential act of the rock era ' ) , As a Beatle , Paul_McCartney was one - half of the songwriting team credited as Lennon / McCartney , along with fellow band member John Lennon . eos
was a member of the The Beatles ( ` the greatest and most influential act of the rock era ' ) , As a Beatle , Paul_McCartney was one - half of the songwriting team credited as Lennon / McCartney , along with fellow band member John Lennon . Beatles songs attributed solely to Paul_McCartney include ` ` Ca n't Buy Me Love '' , ` ` Hello Goodbye '' , ` ` Hey Jude '' , ` ` Let It Be '' , and ` ` The Long and Winding Road . eos
was one - half of the songwriting team credited as Lennon / McCartney , along with fellow band member John Lennon . Beatles songs attributed solely to Paul_McCartney include ` ` Ca n't Buy Me Love '' , ` ` Hello Goodbye '' , ` ` Hey Jude '' , ` ` Let It Be '' , and ` ` The Long and Winding Road . Paul_McCartney song ` ` Yesterday '' is listed as the most covered song in history : more than 2,000 versions have been recorded , and it has been played more than 7,000,000 times on American TV and radio . eos
include ` ` Ca n't Buy Me Love '' , ` ` Hello Goodbye '' , ` ` Hey Jude '' , ` ` Let It Be '' , and ` ` The Long and Winding Road . Paul_McCartney song ` ` Yesterday '' is listed as the most covered song in history : more than 2,000 versions have been recorded , and it has been played more than 7,000,000 times on American TV and radio . Following the announcement of Paul_McCartney departure from The Beatles on 10 april 1970 , Paul_McCartney launched a successful solo career ( Paul_McCartney released Paul_McCartney first album on 17 april 1970 ) and Paul_McCartney formed the band Wings - scoring 30 top ten singles in the United Kingdom and United States . eos
song ` ` Yesterday '' is listed as the most covered song in history : more than 2,000 versions have been recorded , and it has been played more than 7,000,000 times on American TV and radio . Following the announcement of Paul_McCartney departure from The Beatles on 10 april 1970 , Paul_McCartney launched a successful solo career ( Paul_McCartney released Paul_McCartney first album on 17 april 1970 ) and Paul_McCartney formed the band Wings - scoring 30 top ten singles in the United Kingdom and United States . The keyboardist for Wings was Paul_McCartney first wife , Linda McCartney . eos
formed the band Wings - scoring 30 top ten singles in the United Kingdom and United States . The keyboardist for Wings was Paul_McCartney first wife , Linda McCartney . At the time of its release , in 1977 , the Wings single ` ` Mull of Kintyre '' was the highest - selling record in British chart history ( and remained so until 1984 ) . eos
departure from The Beatles on 10 april 1970 , Paul_McCartney launched a successful solo career ( Paul_McCartney released Paul_McCartney first album on 17 april 1970 ) and Paul_McCartney formed the band Wings - scoring 30 top ten singles in the United Kingdom and United States . The keyboardist for Wings was Paul_McCartney first wife , Linda McCartney . At the time of its release , in 1977 , the Wings single ` ` Mull of Kintyre '' was the highest - selling record in British chart history ( and remained so until 1984 ) . eos
launched a successful solo career ( Paul_McCartney released Paul_McCartney first album on 17 april 1970 ) and Paul_McCartney formed the band Wings - scoring 30 top ten singles in the United Kingdom and United States . The keyboardist for Wings was Paul_McCartney first wife , Linda McCartney . At the time of its release , in 1977 , the Wings single ` ` Mull of Kintyre '' was the highest - selling record in British chart history ( and remained so until 1984 ) . eos
released Paul_McCartney first album on 17 april 1970 ) and Paul_McCartney formed the band Wings - scoring 30 top ten singles in the United Kingdom and United States . The keyboardist for Wings was Paul_McCartney first wife , Linda McCartney . At the time of its release , in 1977 , the Wings single ` ` Mull of Kintyre '' was the highest - selling record in British chart history ( and remained so until 1984 ) . eos
first album on 17 april 1970 ) and Paul_McCartney formed the band Wings - scoring 30 top ten singles in the United Kingdom and United States . The keyboardist for Wings was Paul_McCartney first wife , Linda McCartney . At the time of its release , in 1977 , the Wings single ` ` Mull of Kintyre '' was the highest - selling record in British chart history ( and remained so until 1984 ) . eos
first wife , Linda McCartney . At the time of its release , in 1977 , the Wings single ` ` Mull of Kintyre '' was the highest - selling record in British chart history ( and remained so until 1984 ) . Paul_McCartney has also worked in the classical music field ( with works such as Liverpool Oratorio ) and ambient / electronic music ( under the pseudonym The Fireman ) . eos
has also worked in the classical music field ( with works such as Liverpool Oratorio ) and ambient / electronic music ( under the pseudonym The Fireman ) . Paul_McCartney was awarded the MBE on october 16 1965 , by Queen Elizabeth II , and , on 11 march 1997 , Paul_McCartney was knighted ( Knight Bachelor ) by her for Paul_McCartney services to music . Paul_McCartney dedicated Paul_McCartney knighthood to fellow Beatles John Lennon , George Harrison and Ringo Starr and the people of Liverpool . eos
was awarded the MBE on october 16 1965 , by Queen Elizabeth II , and , on 11 march 1997 , Paul_McCartney was knighted ( Knight Bachelor ) by her for Paul_McCartney services to music . Paul_McCartney dedicated Paul_McCartney knighthood to fellow Beatles John Lennon , George Harrison and Ringo Starr and the people of Liverpool . Paul_McCartney is listed in The Guinness Book Of Records as the most successful musician in popular music history . eos
was knighted ( Knight Bachelor ) by her for Paul_McCartney services to music . Paul_McCartney dedicated Paul_McCartney knighthood to fellow Beatles John Lennon , George Harrison and Ringo Starr and the people of Liverpool . Paul_McCartney is listed in The Guinness Book Of Records as the most successful musician in popular music history . eos
services to music . Paul_McCartney dedicated Paul_McCartney knighthood to fellow Beatles John Lennon , George Harrison and Ringo Starr and the people of Liverpool . Paul_McCartney is listed in The Guinness Book Of Records as the most successful musician in popular music history . eos
dedicated Paul_McCartney knighthood to fellow Beatles John Lennon , George Harrison and Ringo Starr and the people of Liverpool . Paul_McCartney is listed in The Guinness Book Of Records as the most successful musician in popular music history . Paul_McCartney has achieved twenty - nine US No . 1 singles , twenty of them with The Beatles , the rest with Wings , and as a solo artist . eos
knighthood to fellow Beatles John Lennon , George Harrison and Ringo Starr and the people of Liverpool . Paul_McCartney is listed in The Guinness Book Of Records as the most successful musician in popular music history . Paul_McCartney has achieved twenty - nine US No . 1 singles , twenty of them with The Beatles , the rest with Wings , and as a solo artist . eos
is listed in The Guinness Book Of Records as the most successful musician in popular music history . Paul_McCartney has achieved twenty - nine US No . 1 singles , twenty of them with The Beatles , the rest with Wings , and as a solo artist . Paul_McCartney owns the copyrights to more than three - thousand songs , including all of the songs written by Buddy Holly , Paul_McCartney childhood idol . eos
has achieved twenty - nine US No . 1 singles , twenty of them with The Beatles , the rest with Wings , and as a solo artist . Paul_McCartney owns the copyrights to more than three - thousand songs , including all of the songs written by Buddy Holly , Paul_McCartney childhood idol . Paul_McCartney also owns the publishing rights to musicals such as Guys and Dolls , A Chorus Line , and Grease . eos
owns the copyrights to more than three - thousand songs , including all of the songs written by Buddy Holly , Paul_McCartney childhood idol . Paul_McCartney also owns the publishing rights to musicals such as Guys and Dolls , A Chorus Line , and Grease . Aside from Paul_McCartney musical work , Paul_McCartney is a painter ( although until recently Paul_McCartney kept Paul_McCartney artwork private ) and a strong advocate for animal rights , vegetarianism , music education ( LIPA ) , and against landmines . eos
childhood idol . Paul_McCartney also owns the publishing rights to musicals such as Guys and Dolls , A Chorus Line , and Grease . Aside from Paul_McCartney musical work , Paul_McCartney is a painter ( although until recently Paul_McCartney kept Paul_McCartney artwork private ) and a strong advocate for animal rights , vegetarianism , music education ( LIPA ) , and against landmines . eos
also owns the publishing rights to musicals such as Guys and Dolls , A Chorus Line , and Grease . Aside from Paul_McCartney musical work , Paul_McCartney is a painter ( although until recently Paul_McCartney kept Paul_McCartney artwork private ) and a strong advocate for animal rights , vegetarianism , music education ( LIPA ) , and against landmines . eos
musical work , Paul_McCartney is a painter ( although until recently Paul_McCartney kept Paul_McCartney artwork private ) and a strong advocate for animal rights , vegetarianism , music education ( LIPA ) , and against landmines . eos
is a painter ( although until recently Paul_McCartney kept Paul_McCartney artwork private ) and a strong advocate for animal rights , vegetarianism , music education ( LIPA ) , and against landmines . eos
kept Paul_McCartney artwork private ) and a strong advocate for animal rights , vegetarianism , music education ( LIPA ) , and against landmines . eos
artwork private ) and a strong advocate for animal rights , vegetarianism , music education ( LIPA ) , and against landmines . eos
( b. december 22 , 1943 ) is an American academic and political figure . Paul_Wolfowitz is currently the President of the World Bank , but Paul_Wolfowitz may be most famous as a prominent architect of the foreign policy of the George W Bush administration known as the Bush Doctrine , which resulted in the invasion of Iraq . A former aide to Democratic Senator eos
is currently the President of the World Bank , but Paul_Wolfowitz may be most famous as a prominent architect of the foreign policy of the George W Bush administration known as the Bush Doctrine , which resulted in the invasion of Iraq . A former aide to Democratic Senator ` ` Scoop '' Jackson in the 1970s , Paul_Wolfowitz also served in the US Defense Department , as Director of Policy Planning and Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs at the US State Department , as US Ambassador to Indonesia , and as Deputy Secretary of Defense in the Administration of George W Bush . eos
may be most famous as a prominent architect of the foreign policy of the George W Bush administration known as the Bush Doctrine , which resulted in the invasion of Iraq . A former aide to Democratic Senator ` ` Scoop '' Jackson in the 1970s , Paul_Wolfowitz also served in the US Defense Department , as Director of Policy Planning and Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs at the US State Department , as US Ambassador to Indonesia , and as Deputy Secretary of Defense in the Administration of George W Bush . eos
also served in the US Defense Department , as Director of Policy Planning and Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs at the US State Department , as US Ambassador to Indonesia , and as Deputy Secretary of Defense in the Administration of George W Bush . eos
( d. c. 65 ) , St. Paul , known as the Apostle to the Gentiles , was the most notable Christian missionary , together with the apostle St. Peter . eos
did not know Jesus in life but Paul_of_Tarsus was converted by a miraculous vision known as the ` ` Road to Damascus '' . Paul_of_Tarsus was the second most prolific contributor to the New Testament ( after St. Luke ) . Fourteen letters were attributed to Paul_of_Tarsus , with greater or lesser degrees of confidence , which contain the earliest systematic account of Christian doctrine and providing information on the life of the infant Church . eos
was converted by a miraculous vision known as the ` ` Road to Damascus '' . Paul_of_Tarsus was the second most prolific contributor to the New Testament ( after St. Luke ) . Fourteen letters were attributed to Paul_of_Tarsus , with greater or lesser degrees of confidence , which contain the earliest systematic account of Christian doctrine and providing information on the life of the infant Church . eos
was the second most prolific contributor to the New Testament ( after St. Luke ) . Fourteen letters were attributed to Paul_of_Tarsus , with greater or lesser degrees of confidence , which contain the earliest systematic account of Christian doctrine and providing information on the life of the infant Church . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are arguably the oldest part of the New Testament . eos
, with greater or lesser degrees of confidence , which contain the earliest systematic account of Christian doctrine and providing information on the life of the infant Church . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are arguably the oldest part of the New Testament . Paul_of_Tarsus also appears in the pages of St. Luke 's second volume , the Acts of the Apostles , so that it is possible to compare the account of Paul_of_Tarsus life in the Acts , with Paul_of_Tarsus own account in Paul_of_Tarsus various letters . eos
letters are arguably the oldest part of the New Testament . Paul_of_Tarsus also appears in the pages of St. Luke 's second volume , the Acts of the Apostles , so that it is possible to compare the account of Paul_of_Tarsus life in the Acts , with Paul_of_Tarsus own account in Paul_of_Tarsus various letters . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are largely written to churches which Paul_of_Tarsus had founded or visited ; Paul_of_Tarsus was a great traveller , going to Cyprus , Asia Minor ( modern Turkey ) , mainland Greece , Crete and Rome bringing the gospel of Jesus Christ , first to Jews and then to Gentiles . eos
various letters . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are largely written to churches which Paul_of_Tarsus had founded or visited ; Paul_of_Tarsus was a great traveller , going to Cyprus , Asia Minor ( modern Turkey ) , mainland Greece , Crete and Rome bringing the gospel of Jesus Christ , first to Jews and then to Gentiles . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are full of expositions of what Christians should believe and how they should live ; what Paul_of_Tarsus does not do is to tell Paul_of_Tarsus correspondents ( or the modern reader ) much about the life and teachings of Jesus . eos
also appears in the pages of St. Luke 's second volume , the Acts of the Apostles , so that it is possible to compare the account of Paul_of_Tarsus life in the Acts , with Paul_of_Tarsus own account in Paul_of_Tarsus various letters . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are largely written to churches which Paul_of_Tarsus had founded or visited ; Paul_of_Tarsus was a great traveller , going to Cyprus , Asia Minor ( modern Turkey ) , mainland Greece , Crete and Rome bringing the gospel of Jesus Christ , first to Jews and then to Gentiles . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are full of expositions of what Christians should believe and how they should live ; what Paul_of_Tarsus does not do is to tell Paul_of_Tarsus correspondents ( or the modern reader ) much about the life and teachings of Jesus . eos
life in the Acts , with Paul_of_Tarsus own account in Paul_of_Tarsus various letters . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are largely written to churches which Paul_of_Tarsus had founded or visited ; Paul_of_Tarsus was a great traveller , going to Cyprus , Asia Minor ( modern Turkey ) , mainland Greece , Crete and Rome bringing the gospel of Jesus Christ , first to Jews and then to Gentiles . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are full of expositions of what Christians should believe and how they should live ; what Paul_of_Tarsus does not do is to tell Paul_of_Tarsus correspondents ( or the modern reader ) much about the life and teachings of Jesus . eos
own account in Paul_of_Tarsus various letters . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are largely written to churches which Paul_of_Tarsus had founded or visited ; Paul_of_Tarsus was a great traveller , going to Cyprus , Asia Minor ( modern Turkey ) , mainland Greece , Crete and Rome bringing the gospel of Jesus Christ , first to Jews and then to Gentiles . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are full of expositions of what Christians should believe and how they should live ; what Paul_of_Tarsus does not do is to tell Paul_of_Tarsus correspondents ( or the modern reader ) much about the life and teachings of Jesus . eos
letters are largely written to churches which Paul_of_Tarsus had founded or visited ; Paul_of_Tarsus was a great traveller , going to Cyprus , Asia Minor ( modern Turkey ) , mainland Greece , Crete and Rome bringing the gospel of Jesus Christ , first to Jews and then to Gentiles . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are full of expositions of what Christians should believe and how they should live ; what Paul_of_Tarsus does not do is to tell Paul_of_Tarsus correspondents ( or the modern reader ) much about the life and teachings of Jesus . Paul_of_Tarsus most explicit references are to the Last Supper , the crucifixion and the resurrection ; raising the question , still disputed , as to how consistent Paul_of_Tarsus version of the Christian faith is with that of the Gospels . eos
had founded or visited ; Paul_of_Tarsus was a great traveller , going to Cyprus , Asia Minor ( modern Turkey ) , mainland Greece , Crete and Rome bringing the gospel of Jesus Christ , first to Jews and then to Gentiles . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are full of expositions of what Christians should believe and how they should live ; what Paul_of_Tarsus does not do is to tell Paul_of_Tarsus correspondents ( or the modern reader ) much about the life and teachings of Jesus . Paul_of_Tarsus most explicit references are to the Last Supper , the crucifixion and the resurrection ; raising the question , still disputed , as to how consistent Paul_of_Tarsus version of the Christian faith is with that of the Gospels . eos
was a great traveller , going to Cyprus , Asia Minor ( modern Turkey ) , mainland Greece , Crete and Rome bringing the gospel of Jesus Christ , first to Jews and then to Gentiles . Paul_of_Tarsus letters are full of expositions of what Christians should believe and how they should live ; what Paul_of_Tarsus does not do is to tell Paul_of_Tarsus correspondents ( or the modern reader ) much about the life and teachings of Jesus . Paul_of_Tarsus most explicit references are to the Last Supper , the crucifixion and the resurrection ; raising the question , still disputed , as to how consistent Paul_of_Tarsus version of the Christian faith is with that of the Gospels . eos
letters are full of expositions of what Christians should believe and how they should live ; what Paul_of_Tarsus does not do is to tell Paul_of_Tarsus correspondents ( or the modern reader ) much about the life and teachings of Jesus . Paul_of_Tarsus most explicit references are to the Last Supper , the crucifixion and the resurrection ; raising the question , still disputed , as to how consistent Paul_of_Tarsus version of the Christian faith is with that of the Gospels . Paul_of_Tarsus influence on Christian thinking has , arguably been more significant than any one other New Testament writer . eos
does not do is to tell Paul_of_Tarsus correspondents ( or the modern reader ) much about the life and teachings of Jesus . Paul_of_Tarsus most explicit references are to the Last Supper , the crucifixion and the resurrection ; raising the question , still disputed , as to how consistent Paul_of_Tarsus version of the Christian faith is with that of the Gospels . Paul_of_Tarsus influence on Christian thinking has , arguably been more significant than any one other New Testament writer . eos
correspondents ( or the modern reader ) much about the life and teachings of Jesus . Paul_of_Tarsus most explicit references are to the Last Supper , the crucifixion and the resurrection ; raising the question , still disputed , as to how consistent Paul_of_Tarsus version of the Christian faith is with that of the Gospels . Paul_of_Tarsus influence on Christian thinking has , arguably been more significant than any one other New Testament writer . eos
most explicit references are to the Last Supper , the crucifixion and the resurrection ; raising the question , still disputed , as to how consistent Paul_of_Tarsus version of the Christian faith is with that of the Gospels . Paul_of_Tarsus influence on Christian thinking has , arguably been more significant than any one other New Testament writer . Paul_of_Tarsus works were hugely influential on some of the great Christian thinkers and leaders of movements , including St. Augustine of Hippo and Martin Luther the instigator of the European Protestant Reformation and even upon the German church in the twentieth century through the interpretive writings of the scholar Karl Barth . eos
version of the Christian faith is with that of the Gospels . Paul_of_Tarsus influence on Christian thinking has , arguably been more significant than any one other New Testament writer . Paul_of_Tarsus works were hugely influential on some of the great Christian thinkers and leaders of movements , including St. Augustine of Hippo and Martin Luther the instigator of the European Protestant Reformation and even upon the German church in the twentieth century through the interpretive writings of the scholar Karl Barth . eos
influence on Christian thinking has , arguably been more significant than any one other New Testament writer . Paul_of_Tarsus works were hugely influential on some of the great Christian thinkers and leaders of movements , including St. Augustine of Hippo and Martin Luther the instigator of the European Protestant Reformation and even upon the German church in the twentieth century through the interpretive writings of the scholar Karl Barth . Paul_of_Tarsus is the patron saint of Malta and the City of London , and Paul_of_Tarsus has also had several cities named in Paul_of_Tarsus honour ( including São Paulo , Brazil , and Saint Paul , Minnesota ) . eos
works were hugely influential on some of the great Christian thinkers and leaders of movements , including St. Augustine of Hippo and Martin Luther the instigator of the European Protestant Reformation and even upon the German church in the twentieth century through the interpretive writings of the scholar Karl Barth . Paul_of_Tarsus is the patron saint of Malta and the City of London , and Paul_of_Tarsus has also had several cities named in Paul_of_Tarsus honour ( including São Paulo , Brazil , and Saint Paul , Minnesota ) . eos
is the patron saint of Malta and the City of London , and Paul_of_Tarsus has also had several cities named in Paul_of_Tarsus honour ( including São Paulo , Brazil , and Saint Paul , Minnesota ) . eos
has also had several cities named in Paul_of_Tarsus honour ( including São Paulo , Brazil , and Saint Paul , Minnesota ) . eos
honour ( including São Paulo , Brazil , and Saint Paul , Minnesota ) . eos
( july 31 , 1921 - february 25 2005 ) was an English lawyer and the founder of human rights group Amnesty International ( AI ) . eos
, CC , LLD , DLitt ( july 13 , 1934 - january 24 , 2002 ) was a Canadian broadcaster , writer and reporter , most famous for Peter_Gzowski work on the CBC radio show Morningside . Peter_Gzowski wrote books , Peter_Gzowski hosted television shows , and Peter_Gzowski worked at a number of newspapers and at Maclean 's Magazine . It is estimated that Peter_Gzowski conducted 27,000 interviews as host of Morningside . eos
work on the CBC radio show Morningside . Peter_Gzowski wrote books , Peter_Gzowski hosted television shows , and Peter_Gzowski worked at a number of newspapers and at Maclean 's Magazine . It is estimated that Peter_Gzowski conducted 27,000 interviews as host of Morningside . eos
wrote books , Peter_Gzowski hosted television shows , and Peter_Gzowski worked at a number of newspapers and at Maclean 's Magazine . It is estimated that Peter_Gzowski conducted 27,000 interviews as host of Morningside . Peter_Gzowski was known for a friendly but somewhat gruff at times interviewing style . eos
hosted television shows , and Peter_Gzowski worked at a number of newspapers and at Maclean 's Magazine . It is estimated that Peter_Gzowski conducted 27,000 interviews as host of Morningside . Peter_Gzowski was known for a friendly but somewhat gruff at times interviewing style . eos
worked at a number of newspapers and at Maclean 's Magazine . It is estimated that Peter_Gzowski conducted 27,000 interviews as host of Morningside . Peter_Gzowski was known for a friendly but somewhat gruff at times interviewing style . eos
conducted 27,000 interviews as host of Morningside . Peter_Gzowski was known for a friendly but somewhat gruff at times interviewing style . Peter_Gzowski guffaws were famous . eos
was known for a friendly but somewhat gruff at times interviewing style . Peter_Gzowski guffaws were famous . eos
guffaws were famous . eos
( Russian : Пётр I Алексеевич or Pyotr I Alekse & amp;#769 ; yevich ; or Peter Alexeyevich Romanov ) ( 9 june 1672 - 8 february 1725 "" 30 May 1672 - 28 january 1725 OS "" ) ruled Russia from 7 May ( 27 april O.S. ) 1682 until Peter_I_of_Russia death , before 1696 jointly with Peter_I_of_Russia weak and sickly half - brother , Ivan V eos
death , before 1696 jointly with Peter_I_of_Russia weak and sickly half - brother , Ivan V Peter_I_of_Russia carried out a policy of ` ` Westernization '' and expansion that transformed Muscovite Russia into a major European power . Vladimir Putin , the Russian president , has a portrait of Peter_I_of_Russia in his office . eos
weak and sickly half - brother , Ivan V Peter_I_of_Russia carried out a policy of ` ` Westernization '' and expansion that transformed Muscovite Russia into a major European power . Vladimir Putin , the Russian president , has a portrait of Peter_I_of_Russia in his office . eos
carried out a policy of ` ` Westernization '' and expansion that transformed Muscovite Russia into a major European power . Vladimir Putin , the Russian president , has a portrait of Peter_I_of_Russia in his office . eos
in his office . eos
( born july 6 , 1946 in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia ) is an Australian philosopher . Peter_Singer is the Ira W DCmp Professor of Bioethics at Princeton University , and laureate professor at the Centre for Applied Philosophy and Public Ethics , University of Melbourne . Peter_Singer specializes in practical ethics , approaching ethical issues from a preference utilitarian perspective . eos
is the Ira W DCmp Professor of Bioethics at Princeton University , and laureate professor at the Centre for Applied Philosophy and Public Ethics , University of Melbourne . Peter_Singer specializes in practical ethics , approaching ethical issues from a preference utilitarian perspective . Peter_Singer is a moral atheist . eos
specializes in practical ethics , approaching ethical issues from a preference utilitarian perspective . Peter_Singer is a moral atheist . Peter_Singer parents were Viennese Jews who escaped to Australia in 1938 . eos
is a moral atheist . Peter_Singer parents were Viennese Jews who escaped to Australia in 1938 . Peter_Singer father imported tea and coffee , while Peter_Singer mother practised medicine . eos
parents were Viennese Jews who escaped to Australia in 1938 . Peter_Singer father imported tea and coffee , while Peter_Singer mother practised medicine . Peter_Singer studied law , history and philosophy at the University of Melbourne , gaining Peter_Singer degree in 1967 . eos
father imported tea and coffee , while Peter_Singer mother practised medicine . Peter_Singer studied law , history and philosophy at the University of Melbourne , gaining Peter_Singer degree in 1967 . Peter_Singer received an MA for a thesis entitled eos
mother practised medicine . Peter_Singer studied law , history and philosophy at the University of Melbourne , gaining Peter_Singer degree in 1967 . Peter_Singer received an MA for a thesis entitled eos
studied law , history and philosophy at the University of Melbourne , gaining Peter_Singer degree in 1967 . Peter_Singer received an MA for a thesis entitled Why should I be moral ? in 1969 . eos
degree in 1967 . Peter_Singer received an MA for a thesis entitled Why should I be moral ? in 1969 . eos
received an MA for a thesis entitled Why should I be moral ? in 1969 . Peter_Singer was awarded a scholarship to study at Oxford University , obtaining a BPhil in 1971 with a thesis on civil disobedience , supervised by R M. Hare , and subsequently published as a book in 1973 . eos
was awarded a scholarship to study at Oxford University , obtaining a BPhil in 1971 with a thesis on civil disobedience , supervised by R M. Hare , and subsequently published as a book in 1973 . After spending two years as a Radcliffe lecturer at University College , Oxford , Peter_Singer was visiting professor at New York University for 16 months . Peter_Singer returned to Melbourne in 1977 , where Peter_Singer has spent most of Peter_Singer career , apart from many visiting positions internationally , and until Peter_Singer move to Princeton in 1999 . eos
was visiting professor at New York University for 16 months . Peter_Singer returned to Melbourne in 1977 , where Peter_Singer has spent most of Peter_Singer career , apart from many visiting positions internationally , and until Peter_Singer move to Princeton in 1999 . Peter_Singer has served , on two occasions , as chair of philosophy at Monash University , and Peter_Singer founded its Centre for Human Bioethics . eos
returned to Melbourne in 1977 , where Peter_Singer has spent most of Peter_Singer career , apart from many visiting positions internationally , and until Peter_Singer move to Princeton in 1999 . Peter_Singer has served , on two occasions , as chair of philosophy at Monash University , and Peter_Singer founded its Centre for Human Bioethics . In 1996 , Peter_Singer ran unsuccessfully as a Green candidate for the Australian Senate . eos
has spent most of Peter_Singer career , apart from many visiting positions internationally , and until Peter_Singer move to Princeton in 1999 . Peter_Singer has served , on two occasions , as chair of philosophy at Monash University , and Peter_Singer founded its Centre for Human Bioethics . In 1996 , Peter_Singer ran unsuccessfully as a Green candidate for the Australian Senate . eos
career , apart from many visiting positions internationally , and until Peter_Singer move to Princeton in 1999 . Peter_Singer has served , on two occasions , as chair of philosophy at Monash University , and Peter_Singer founded its Centre for Human Bioethics . In 1996 , Peter_Singer ran unsuccessfully as a Green candidate for the Australian Senate . eos
move to Princeton in 1999 . Peter_Singer has served , on two occasions , as chair of philosophy at Monash University , and Peter_Singer founded its Centre for Human Bioethics . In 1996 , Peter_Singer ran unsuccessfully as a Green candidate for the Australian Senate . eos
has served , on two occasions , as chair of philosophy at Monash University , and Peter_Singer founded its Centre for Human Bioethics . In 1996 , Peter_Singer ran unsuccessfully as a Green candidate for the Australian Senate . In 2004 , Peter_Singer was recognized as the Australian Humanist of the Year by the Council of Australian Humanist Societies . eos
founded its Centre for Human Bioethics . In 1996 , Peter_Singer ran unsuccessfully as a Green candidate for the Australian Senate . In 2004 , Peter_Singer was recognized as the Australian Humanist of the Year by the Council of Australian Humanist Societies . eos
ran unsuccessfully as a Green candidate for the Australian Senate . In 2004 , Peter_Singer was recognized as the Australian Humanist of the Year by the Council of Australian Humanist Societies . Outside academic circles , Peter_Singer is best known for Peter_Singer book Animal Liberation , widely regarded as the touchstone of the animal liberation movement . eos
was recognized as the Australian Humanist of the Year by the Council of Australian Humanist Societies . Outside academic circles , Peter_Singer is best known for Peter_Singer book Animal Liberation , widely regarded as the touchstone of the animal liberation movement . Peter_Singer is a founding member of the Great Ape Project , which seeks to persuade the United Nations to adopt a Declaration on Great Apes awarding personhood to non - human great apes . eos
is best known for Peter_Singer book Animal Liberation , widely regarded as the touchstone of the animal liberation movement . Peter_Singer is a founding member of the Great Ape Project , which seeks to persuade the United Nations to adopt a Declaration on Great Apes awarding personhood to non - human great apes . eos
book Animal Liberation , widely regarded as the touchstone of the animal liberation movement . Peter_Singer is a founding member of the Great Ape Project , which seeks to persuade the United Nations to adopt a Declaration on Great Apes awarding personhood to non - human great apes . eos
is a founding member of the Great Ape Project , which seeks to persuade the United Nations to adopt a Declaration on Great Apes awarding personhood to non - human great apes . eos
( born june 26 , 1947 in Karlsruhe , Germany ) is a philosopher . eos
PC , CC , CH , QC , MA , LLD , FRSC "" IPA : "" pjɛʀ ɛliʌt tʀydo "" "" ( october 18 , 1919 - september 28 , 2000 ) was the fifteenth Prime Minister of Canada from april 20 , 1968 to june 4 , 1979 , and from march 3 , 1980 to june 30 , 1984 . Pierre_Trudeau was a charismatic figure Pierre_Trudeau , from the late 1960s until the mid-1980s , dominated the Canadian political scene and Pierre_Trudeau aroused passionate reactions . eos
was a charismatic figure Pierre_Trudeau , from the late 1960s until the mid-1980s , dominated the Canadian political scene and Pierre_Trudeau aroused passionate reactions . ` ` He haunts us still , '' biographers Christina McCall and Stephen Clarkson wrote . Admirers praise the force of Pierre_Trudeau intellect . eos
, from the late 1960s until the mid-1980s , dominated the Canadian political scene and Pierre_Trudeau aroused passionate reactions . ` ` He haunts us still , '' biographers Christina McCall and Stephen Clarkson wrote . Admirers praise the force of Pierre_Trudeau intellect . eos
aroused passionate reactions . ` ` He haunts us still , '' biographers Christina McCall and Stephen Clarkson wrote . Admirers praise the force of Pierre_Trudeau intellect . eos
intellect . They salute Pierre_Trudeau political acumen in preserving national unity and bringing into force the Charter of Rights and Freedoms . Detractors fault Pierre_Trudeau for poor administrative practices , arrogance , and lack of understanding of Canada outside Quebec ( and arguably the far North ) . eos
political acumen in preserving national unity and bringing into force the Charter of Rights and Freedoms . Detractors fault Pierre_Trudeau for poor administrative practices , arrogance , and lack of understanding of Canada outside Quebec ( and arguably the far North ) . They deplore Pierre_Trudeau economic policies that increased the national debt , and criticize Pierre_Trudeau for increasing a sense of political alienation in western provinces . eos
for poor administrative practices , arrogance , and lack of understanding of Canada outside Quebec ( and arguably the far North ) . They deplore Pierre_Trudeau economic policies that increased the national debt , and criticize Pierre_Trudeau for increasing a sense of political alienation in western provinces . Nevertheless , few would dispute that Pierre_Trudeau was a towering figure Pierre_Trudeau helped redefine Canada . eos
economic policies that increased the national debt , and criticize Pierre_Trudeau for increasing a sense of political alienation in western provinces . Nevertheless , few would dispute that Pierre_Trudeau was a towering figure Pierre_Trudeau helped redefine Canada . Pierre_Trudeau led Canada through some of its most tumultuous times and Pierre_Trudeau was often the centre of controversy . eos
for increasing a sense of political alienation in western provinces . Nevertheless , few would dispute that Pierre_Trudeau was a towering figure Pierre_Trudeau helped redefine Canada . Pierre_Trudeau led Canada through some of its most tumultuous times and Pierre_Trudeau was often the centre of controversy . eos
was a towering figure Pierre_Trudeau helped redefine Canada . Pierre_Trudeau led Canada through some of its most tumultuous times and Pierre_Trudeau was often the centre of controversy . Known for Pierre_Trudeau flamboyance , Pierre_Trudeau dated celebrities , Pierre_Trudeau sometimes wore sandals or a buckskin jacket in the House of Commons , Pierre_Trudeau was accused of using an obscenity during debate there , and Pierre_Trudeau once did a pirouette behind the back of Queen Elizabeth II . eos
helped redefine Canada . Pierre_Trudeau led Canada through some of its most tumultuous times and Pierre_Trudeau was often the centre of controversy . Known for Pierre_Trudeau flamboyance , Pierre_Trudeau dated celebrities , Pierre_Trudeau sometimes wore sandals or a buckskin jacket in the House of Commons , Pierre_Trudeau was accused of using an obscenity during debate there , and Pierre_Trudeau once did a pirouette behind the back of Queen Elizabeth II . eos
led Canada through some of its most tumultuous times and Pierre_Trudeau was often the centre of controversy . Known for Pierre_Trudeau flamboyance , Pierre_Trudeau dated celebrities , Pierre_Trudeau sometimes wore sandals or a buckskin jacket in the House of Commons , Pierre_Trudeau was accused of using an obscenity during debate there , and Pierre_Trudeau once did a pirouette behind the back of Queen Elizabeth II . eos
was often the centre of controversy . Known for Pierre_Trudeau flamboyance , Pierre_Trudeau dated celebrities , Pierre_Trudeau sometimes wore sandals or a buckskin jacket in the House of Commons , Pierre_Trudeau was accused of using an obscenity during debate there , and Pierre_Trudeau once did a pirouette behind the back of Queen Elizabeth II . eos
flamboyance , Pierre_Trudeau dated celebrities , Pierre_Trudeau sometimes wore sandals or a buckskin jacket in the House of Commons , Pierre_Trudeau was accused of using an obscenity during debate there , and Pierre_Trudeau once did a pirouette behind the back of Queen Elizabeth II . eos
dated celebrities , Pierre_Trudeau sometimes wore sandals or a buckskin jacket in the House of Commons , Pierre_Trudeau was accused of using an obscenity during debate there , and Pierre_Trudeau once did a pirouette behind the back of Queen Elizabeth II . eos
sometimes wore sandals or a buckskin jacket in the House of Commons , Pierre_Trudeau was accused of using an obscenity during debate there , and Pierre_Trudeau once did a pirouette behind the back of Queen Elizabeth II . eos
was accused of using an obscenity during debate there , and Pierre_Trudeau once did a pirouette behind the back of Queen Elizabeth II . eos
once did a pirouette behind the back of Queen Elizabeth II . eos
( Greek : "" "" , Plátōn , ` ` wide , broad - shouldered '' ) ( c. 427-c . eos
real name is believed to have been Aristocles , was an immensely influential ancient Greek philosopher , a student of Socrates , writer of philosophical dialogues , and founder of the Academy in Athens where Aristotle studied . Plato lectured extensively at the Academy , and Plato wrote on many philosophical issues , dealing especially in politics , ethics , metaphysics , and epistemology . The most important writings of Plato are Plato dialogues , although some letters have come down to us under Plato name . eos
lectured extensively at the Academy , and Plato wrote on many philosophical issues , dealing especially in politics , ethics , metaphysics , and epistemology . The most important writings of Plato are Plato dialogues , although some letters have come down to us under Plato name . It is believed that all of Plato authentic dialogues survive . eos
wrote on many philosophical issues , dealing especially in politics , ethics , metaphysics , and epistemology . The most important writings of Plato are Plato dialogues , although some letters have come down to us under Plato name . It is believed that all of Plato authentic dialogues survive . eos
are Plato dialogues , although some letters have come down to us under Plato name . It is believed that all of Plato authentic dialogues survive . However , some dialogues ascribed to Plato by the Greeks are now considered by the consensus of scholars to be either suspect ( eg , First Alcibiades , Clitophon ) or probably spurious ( such as Demodocus , or the Second Alcibiades ) . eos
dialogues , although some letters have come down to us under Plato name . It is believed that all of Plato authentic dialogues survive . However , some dialogues ascribed to Plato by the Greeks are now considered by the consensus of scholars to be either suspect ( eg , First Alcibiades , Clitophon ) or probably spurious ( such as Demodocus , or the Second Alcibiades ) . eos
name . It is believed that all of Plato authentic dialogues survive . However , some dialogues ascribed to Plato by the Greeks are now considered by the consensus of scholars to be either suspect ( eg , First Alcibiades , Clitophon ) or probably spurious ( such as Demodocus , or the Second Alcibiades ) . eos
authentic dialogues survive . However , some dialogues ascribed to Plato by the Greeks are now considered by the consensus of scholars to be either suspect ( eg , First Alcibiades , Clitophon ) or probably spurious ( such as Demodocus , or the Second Alcibiades ) . The letters are all considered to probably be spurious , with the possible exception of the Seventh Letter . eos
by the Greeks are now considered by the consensus of scholars to be either suspect ( eg , First Alcibiades , Clitophon ) or probably spurious ( such as Demodocus , or the Second Alcibiades ) . The letters are all considered to probably be spurious , with the possible exception of the Seventh Letter . Socrates is often a character in Plato dialogues . eos
dialogues . How much of the content and argument of any given dialogue is Socrates ' point of view , and how much of it is Plato , is heavily disputed , since Socrates himself did not write anything ; this is often referred to as the ` ` Socratic problem '' . However , Plato was doubtless strongly influenced by Socrates ' teachings , so many of the ideas presented , at least in Plato early works , were probably borrowings or adaptations . eos
, is heavily disputed , since Socrates himself did not write anything ; this is often referred to as the ` ` Socratic problem '' . However , Plato was doubtless strongly influenced by Socrates ' teachings , so many of the ideas presented , at least in Plato early works , were probably borrowings or adaptations . eos
was doubtless strongly influenced by Socrates ' teachings , so many of the ideas presented , at least in Plato early works , were probably borrowings or adaptations . eos
early works , were probably borrowings or adaptations . eos
( Latin : Benedictus PP . XVI eos
was elected on april 19 , 2005 in a papal conclave , Pope_Benedict_XVI celebrated Pope_Benedict_XVI Papal Inauguration Mass on april 24 , 2005 , and Pope_Benedict_XVI took possession of Pope_Benedict_XVI cathedral , the Basilica of St. John Lateran , on May 7 , 2005 . Pope_Benedict_XVI has both German and Vatican citizenship . Pope_Benedict_XVI succeeded Pope John Paul II , who died on april 2 , 2005 . eos
celebrated Pope_Benedict_XVI Papal Inauguration Mass on april 24 , 2005 , and Pope_Benedict_XVI took possession of Pope_Benedict_XVI cathedral , the Basilica of St. John Lateran , on May 7 , 2005 . Pope_Benedict_XVI has both German and Vatican citizenship . Pope_Benedict_XVI succeeded Pope John Paul II , who died on april 2 , 2005 . eos
Papal Inauguration Mass on april 24 , 2005 , and Pope_Benedict_XVI took possession of Pope_Benedict_XVI cathedral , the Basilica of St. John Lateran , on May 7 , 2005 . Pope_Benedict_XVI has both German and Vatican citizenship . Pope_Benedict_XVI succeeded Pope John Paul II , who died on april 2 , 2005 . eos
took possession of Pope_Benedict_XVI cathedral , the Basilica of St. John Lateran , on May 7 , 2005 . Pope_Benedict_XVI has both German and Vatican citizenship . Pope_Benedict_XVI succeeded Pope John Paul II , who died on april 2 , 2005 . eos
cathedral , the Basilica of St. John Lateran , on May 7 , 2005 . Pope_Benedict_XVI has both German and Vatican citizenship . Pope_Benedict_XVI succeeded Pope John Paul II , who died on april 2 , 2005 . eos
has both German and Vatican citizenship . Pope_Benedict_XVI succeeded Pope John Paul II , who died on april 2 , 2005 . One of the best - known theologians since the 1960s and a prolific author , Pope_Benedict_XVI is viewed as a defender of traditional Catholic doctrine and values and of their importance in the survival of Western civilization . eos
succeeded Pope John Paul II , who died on april 2 , 2005 . One of the best - known theologians since the 1960s and a prolific author , Pope_Benedict_XVI is viewed as a defender of traditional Catholic doctrine and values and of their importance in the survival of Western civilization . Pope_Benedict_XVI served as a professor at various German universities , and Pope_Benedict_XVI was a theological consultant at the Second Vatican Council before becoming Archbishop of Munich and Freising and Cardinal . eos
is viewed as a defender of traditional Catholic doctrine and values and of their importance in the survival of Western civilization . Pope_Benedict_XVI served as a professor at various German universities , and Pope_Benedict_XVI was a theological consultant at the Second Vatican Council before becoming Archbishop of Munich and Freising and Cardinal . At the time of Pope_Benedict_XVI election as Pope , Pope_Benedict_XVI had been Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith ( curial heads lose their positions upon the death of a pope ) and Pope_Benedict_XVI was Dean of the College of Cardinals . eos
served as a professor at various German universities , and Pope_Benedict_XVI was a theological consultant at the Second Vatican Council before becoming Archbishop of Munich and Freising and Cardinal . At the time of Pope_Benedict_XVI election as Pope , Pope_Benedict_XVI had been Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith ( curial heads lose their positions upon the death of a pope ) and Pope_Benedict_XVI was Dean of the College of Cardinals . During Pope_Benedict_XVI papacy , Pope_Benedict_XVI has emphasized what Pope_Benedict_XVI sees as a need for Europe to return to fundamental Christian values in response to increasing de - Christianisation and secularisation in many developed countries . eos
was a theological consultant at the Second Vatican Council before becoming Archbishop of Munich and Freising and Cardinal . At the time of Pope_Benedict_XVI election as Pope , Pope_Benedict_XVI had been Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith ( curial heads lose their positions upon the death of a pope ) and Pope_Benedict_XVI was Dean of the College of Cardinals . During Pope_Benedict_XVI papacy , Pope_Benedict_XVI has emphasized what Pope_Benedict_XVI sees as a need for Europe to return to fundamental Christian values in response to increasing de - Christianisation and secularisation in many developed countries . eos
election as Pope , Pope_Benedict_XVI had been Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith ( curial heads lose their positions upon the death of a pope ) and Pope_Benedict_XVI was Dean of the College of Cardinals . During Pope_Benedict_XVI papacy , Pope_Benedict_XVI has emphasized what Pope_Benedict_XVI sees as a need for Europe to return to fundamental Christian values in response to increasing de - Christianisation and secularisation in many developed countries . For this reason , Pope_Benedict_XVI has identified relativism 's denial of objective truth - and more particularly , the denial of moral truths - as the central problem of the 21st century . eos
had been Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith ( curial heads lose their positions upon the death of a pope ) and Pope_Benedict_XVI was Dean of the College of Cardinals . During Pope_Benedict_XVI papacy , Pope_Benedict_XVI has emphasized what Pope_Benedict_XVI sees as a need for Europe to return to fundamental Christian values in response to increasing de - Christianisation and secularisation in many developed countries . For this reason , Pope_Benedict_XVI has identified relativism 's denial of objective truth - and more particularly , the denial of moral truths - as the central problem of the 21st century . eos
was Dean of the College of Cardinals . During Pope_Benedict_XVI papacy , Pope_Benedict_XVI has emphasized what Pope_Benedict_XVI sees as a need for Europe to return to fundamental Christian values in response to increasing de - Christianisation and secularisation in many developed countries . For this reason , Pope_Benedict_XVI has identified relativism 's denial of objective truth - and more particularly , the denial of moral truths - as the central problem of the 21st century . eos
papacy , Pope_Benedict_XVI has emphasized what Pope_Benedict_XVI sees as a need for Europe to return to fundamental Christian values in response to increasing de - Christianisation and secularisation in many developed countries . For this reason , Pope_Benedict_XVI has identified relativism 's denial of objective truth - and more particularly , the denial of moral truths - as the central problem of the 21st century . Pope_Benedict_XVI has taught about the importance for the Catholic Church and for humanity of contemplating God 's salvific love and Pope_Benedict_XVI has reaffirmed the ` ` importance of prayer in the face of the activism and the growing secularism of many Christians engaged in charitable work . '' eos
has emphasized what Pope_Benedict_XVI sees as a need for Europe to return to fundamental Christian values in response to increasing de - Christianisation and secularisation in many developed countries . For this reason , Pope_Benedict_XVI has identified relativism 's denial of objective truth - and more particularly , the denial of moral truths - as the central problem of the 21st century . Pope_Benedict_XVI has taught about the importance for the Catholic Church and for humanity of contemplating God 's salvific love and Pope_Benedict_XVI has reaffirmed the ` ` importance of prayer in the face of the activism and the growing secularism of many Christians engaged in charitable work . '' eos
sees as a need for Europe to return to fundamental Christian values in response to increasing de - Christianisation and secularisation in many developed countries . For this reason , Pope_Benedict_XVI has identified relativism 's denial of objective truth - and more particularly , the denial of moral truths - as the central problem of the 21st century . Pope_Benedict_XVI has taught about the importance for the Catholic Church and for humanity of contemplating God 's salvific love and Pope_Benedict_XVI has reaffirmed the ` ` importance of prayer in the face of the activism and the growing secularism of many Christians engaged in charitable work . '' eos
has identified relativism 's denial of objective truth - and more particularly , the denial of moral truths - as the central problem of the 21st century . Pope_Benedict_XVI has taught about the importance for the Catholic Church and for humanity of contemplating God 's salvific love and Pope_Benedict_XVI has reaffirmed the ` ` importance of prayer in the face of the activism and the growing secularism of many Christians engaged in charitable work . '' eos
has taught about the importance for the Catholic Church and for humanity of contemplating God 's salvific love and Pope_Benedict_XVI has reaffirmed the ` ` importance of prayer in the face of the activism and the growing secularism of many Christians engaged in charitable work . '' eos
has reaffirmed the ` ` importance of prayer in the face of the activism and the growing secularism of many Christians engaged in charitable work . '' eos
( june 21 , 1002 - april 19 , 1054 ) , born Bruno of Eguisheim - Dagsburg , was Pope from february 12 , 1049 to Pope_Leo_IX death . eos
death . eos
( 1042 - july 29 , 1099 ) , born Otho of Lagery ( alternatively : Otto or Odo ) , was a Pope from 1088 to july 29 , 1099 . Pope_Urban_II is most known for starting the First Crusade ( 1095 - 99 ) and setting up the modern day Roman Curia , in the manner of a royal court , to help run the Church . Pope_Urban_II was born into nobility in France at Lagery ( near Châtillon - sur - Marne ) and Pope_Urban_II was church - educated . eos
is most known for starting the First Crusade ( 1095 - 99 ) and setting up the modern day Roman Curia , in the manner of a royal court , to help run the Church . Pope_Urban_II was born into nobility in France at Lagery ( near Châtillon - sur - Marne ) and Pope_Urban_II was church - educated . Pope_Urban_II was archdeacon of Reims when , under the influence of St. Bruno Pope_Urban_II teacher , Pope_Urban_II resigned and Pope_Urban_II entered the cloister at Cluny where Pope_Urban_II rose to be prior . eos
was born into nobility in France at Lagery ( near Châtillon - sur - Marne ) and Pope_Urban_II was church - educated . Pope_Urban_II was archdeacon of Reims when , under the influence of St. Bruno Pope_Urban_II teacher , Pope_Urban_II resigned and Pope_Urban_II entered the cloister at Cluny where Pope_Urban_II rose to be prior . In 1078 , Pope Gregory VII ( 1073 - 85 ) summoned Pope_Urban_II to Italy and made Pope_Urban_II cardinal - bishop of Ostia . eos
was church - educated . Pope_Urban_II was archdeacon of Reims when , under the influence of St. Bruno Pope_Urban_II teacher , Pope_Urban_II resigned and Pope_Urban_II entered the cloister at Cluny where Pope_Urban_II rose to be prior . In 1078 , Pope Gregory VII ( 1073 - 85 ) summoned Pope_Urban_II to Italy and made Pope_Urban_II cardinal - bishop of Ostia . eos
was archdeacon of Reims when , under the influence of St. Bruno Pope_Urban_II teacher , Pope_Urban_II resigned and Pope_Urban_II entered the cloister at Cluny where Pope_Urban_II rose to be prior . In 1078 , Pope Gregory VII ( 1073 - 85 ) summoned Pope_Urban_II to Italy and made Pope_Urban_II cardinal - bishop of Ostia . Pope_Urban_II was one of the most prominent and active supporters of the Gregorian reforms , especially as legate in Germany in 1084 , and Pope_Urban_II was among the few whom Gregory VII nominated as possible successors to be Pope . eos
teacher , Pope_Urban_II resigned and Pope_Urban_II entered the cloister at Cluny where Pope_Urban_II rose to be prior . In 1078 , Pope Gregory VII ( 1073 - 85 ) summoned Pope_Urban_II to Italy and made Pope_Urban_II cardinal - bishop of Ostia . Pope_Urban_II was one of the most prominent and active supporters of the Gregorian reforms , especially as legate in Germany in 1084 , and Pope_Urban_II was among the few whom Gregory VII nominated as possible successors to be Pope . eos
resigned and Pope_Urban_II entered the cloister at Cluny where Pope_Urban_II rose to be prior . In 1078 , Pope Gregory VII ( 1073 - 85 ) summoned Pope_Urban_II to Italy and made Pope_Urban_II cardinal - bishop of Ostia . Pope_Urban_II was one of the most prominent and active supporters of the Gregorian reforms , especially as legate in Germany in 1084 , and Pope_Urban_II was among the few whom Gregory VII nominated as possible successors to be Pope . eos
entered the cloister at Cluny where Pope_Urban_II rose to be prior . In 1078 , Pope Gregory VII ( 1073 - 85 ) summoned Pope_Urban_II to Italy and made Pope_Urban_II cardinal - bishop of Ostia . Pope_Urban_II was one of the most prominent and active supporters of the Gregorian reforms , especially as legate in Germany in 1084 , and Pope_Urban_II was among the few whom Gregory VII nominated as possible successors to be Pope . eos
rose to be prior . In 1078 , Pope Gregory VII ( 1073 - 85 ) summoned Pope_Urban_II to Italy and made Pope_Urban_II cardinal - bishop of Ostia . Pope_Urban_II was one of the most prominent and active supporters of the Gregorian reforms , especially as legate in Germany in 1084 , and Pope_Urban_II was among the few whom Gregory VII nominated as possible successors to be Pope . eos
to Italy and made Pope_Urban_II cardinal - bishop of Ostia . Pope_Urban_II was one of the most prominent and active supporters of the Gregorian reforms , especially as legate in Germany in 1084 , and Pope_Urban_II was among the few whom Gregory VII nominated as possible successors to be Pope . Desiderius , abbot of Monte Cassino , who became Pope Victor III ( 1086 - 87 ) was chosen Pope initially , but after his short reign Pope_Urban_II was elected Pope Urban II by acclamation ( march 1088 ) at a small meeting of cardinals and other prelates held in Terracina . eos
cardinal - bishop of Ostia . Pope_Urban_II was one of the most prominent and active supporters of the Gregorian reforms , especially as legate in Germany in 1084 , and Pope_Urban_II was among the few whom Gregory VII nominated as possible successors to be Pope . Desiderius , abbot of Monte Cassino , who became Pope Victor III ( 1086 - 87 ) was chosen Pope initially , but after his short reign Pope_Urban_II was elected Pope Urban II by acclamation ( march 1088 ) at a small meeting of cardinals and other prelates held in Terracina . eos
was one of the most prominent and active supporters of the Gregorian reforms , especially as legate in Germany in 1084 , and Pope_Urban_II was among the few whom Gregory VII nominated as possible successors to be Pope . Desiderius , abbot of Monte Cassino , who became Pope Victor III ( 1086 - 87 ) was chosen Pope initially , but after his short reign Pope_Urban_II was elected Pope Urban II by acclamation ( march 1088 ) at a small meeting of cardinals and other prelates held in Terracina . Pope_Urban_II took up the policies of Pope Gregory VII , and while pursuing them with determination , Pope_Urban_II showed greater flexibility , and diplomatic finesse . eos
was among the few whom Gregory VII nominated as possible successors to be Pope . Desiderius , abbot of Monte Cassino , who became Pope Victor III ( 1086 - 87 ) was chosen Pope initially , but after his short reign Pope_Urban_II was elected Pope Urban II by acclamation ( march 1088 ) at a small meeting of cardinals and other prelates held in Terracina . Pope_Urban_II took up the policies of Pope Gregory VII , and while pursuing them with determination , Pope_Urban_II showed greater flexibility , and diplomatic finesse . eos
was elected Pope Urban II by acclamation ( march 1088 ) at a small meeting of cardinals and other prelates held in Terracina . Pope_Urban_II took up the policies of Pope Gregory VII , and while pursuing them with determination , Pope_Urban_II showed greater flexibility , and diplomatic finesse . At the outset Pope_Urban_II had to reckon with the presence of the powerful antipope Clement III ( 1080 , 1084 - 1100 ) in Rome ; but a series of well - attended synods held in Rome , Amalfi , Benevento , and Troia supported Pope_Urban_II in renewed declarations against simony , lay investiture , and clerical marriages , and a continued opposition to Emperor Henry IV ( 1056 - 1105 ) . eos
took up the policies of Pope Gregory VII , and while pursuing them with determination , Pope_Urban_II showed greater flexibility , and diplomatic finesse . At the outset Pope_Urban_II had to reckon with the presence of the powerful antipope Clement III ( 1080 , 1084 - 1100 ) in Rome ; but a series of well - attended synods held in Rome , Amalfi , Benevento , and Troia supported Pope_Urban_II in renewed declarations against simony , lay investiture , and clerical marriages , and a continued opposition to Emperor Henry IV ( 1056 - 1105 ) . In accordance with this last policy , the marriage of the countess Matilda of Tuscany with Guelph of Bavaria was promoted , Prince Conrad was helped in his rebellion against his father and crowned King of the Romans at Milan in 1093 , and the Empress ( Adelaide or Praxedes ) encouraged in her charges against her husband . eos
showed greater flexibility , and diplomatic finesse . At the outset Pope_Urban_II had to reckon with the presence of the powerful antipope Clement III ( 1080 , 1084 - 1100 ) in Rome ; but a series of well - attended synods held in Rome , Amalfi , Benevento , and Troia supported Pope_Urban_II in renewed declarations against simony , lay investiture , and clerical marriages , and a continued opposition to Emperor Henry IV ( 1056 - 1105 ) . In accordance with this last policy , the marriage of the countess Matilda of Tuscany with Guelph of Bavaria was promoted , Prince Conrad was helped in his rebellion against his father and crowned King of the Romans at Milan in 1093 , and the Empress ( Adelaide or Praxedes ) encouraged in her charges against her husband . eos
had to reckon with the presence of the powerful antipope Clement III ( 1080 , 1084 - 1100 ) in Rome ; but a series of well - attended synods held in Rome , Amalfi , Benevento , and Troia supported Pope_Urban_II in renewed declarations against simony , lay investiture , and clerical marriages , and a continued opposition to Emperor Henry IV ( 1056 - 1105 ) . In accordance with this last policy , the marriage of the countess Matilda of Tuscany with Guelph of Bavaria was promoted , Prince Conrad was helped in his rebellion against his father and crowned King of the Romans at Milan in 1093 , and the Empress ( Adelaide or Praxedes ) encouraged in her charges against her husband . In a protracted struggle also with Philip I of France ( 1060 - 1108 ) , whom Pope_Urban_II had excommunicated for his adulterous marriage to Bertrade de Montfort , Pope_Urban_II finally proved victorious . eos
in renewed declarations against simony , lay investiture , and clerical marriages , and a continued opposition to Emperor Henry IV ( 1056 - 1105 ) . In accordance with this last policy , the marriage of the countess Matilda of Tuscany with Guelph of Bavaria was promoted , Prince Conrad was helped in his rebellion against his father and crowned King of the Romans at Milan in 1093 , and the Empress ( Adelaide or Praxedes ) encouraged in her charges against her husband . In a protracted struggle also with Philip I of France ( 1060 - 1108 ) , whom Pope_Urban_II had excommunicated for his adulterous marriage to Bertrade de Montfort , Pope_Urban_II finally proved victorious . eos
had excommunicated for his adulterous marriage to Bertrade de Montfort , Pope_Urban_II finally proved victorious . Pope_Urban_II had much correspondence with Archbishop Anselm of Canterbury , to whom Pope_Urban_II extended an order to come urgently to Rome just after the Archbishop 's first flight from England , and earlier Pope_Urban_II gave Pope_Urban_II approval to Anselm 's work De Incarnatione Verbi ( The Incarnation of the Word ) . eos
finally proved victorious . Pope_Urban_II had much correspondence with Archbishop Anselm of Canterbury , to whom Pope_Urban_II extended an order to come urgently to Rome just after the Archbishop 's first flight from England , and earlier Pope_Urban_II gave Pope_Urban_II approval to Anselm 's work De Incarnatione Verbi ( The Incarnation of the Word ) . eos
had much correspondence with Archbishop Anselm of Canterbury , to whom Pope_Urban_II extended an order to come urgently to Rome just after the Archbishop 's first flight from England , and earlier Pope_Urban_II gave Pope_Urban_II approval to Anselm 's work De Incarnatione Verbi ( The Incarnation of the Word ) . eos
extended an order to come urgently to Rome just after the Archbishop 's first flight from England , and earlier Pope_Urban_II gave Pope_Urban_II approval to Anselm 's work De Incarnatione Verbi ( The Incarnation of the Word ) . eos
gave Pope_Urban_II approval to Anselm 's work De Incarnatione Verbi ( The Incarnation of the Word ) . eos
approval to Anselm 's work De Incarnatione Verbi ( The Incarnation of the Word ) . eos
( february 6 1925 - april 30 2006 ) was an Indonesian author of novels , short stories , essays , polemics , and histories of Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer homeland and its people . A well - regarded writer in the West , Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer outspoken and often politically charged writings faced censorship in Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer native land during the pre - reformation era . For opposing the policies of both founding president Sukarno , as well as those of its successor , the New Order regime of Suharto , Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer faced extrajudicial punishment . eos
homeland and its people . A well - regarded writer in the West , Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer outspoken and often politically charged writings faced censorship in Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer native land during the pre - reformation era . For opposing the policies of both founding president Sukarno , as well as those of its successor , the New Order regime of Suharto , Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer faced extrajudicial punishment . eos
outspoken and often politically charged writings faced censorship in Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer native land during the pre - reformation era . For opposing the policies of both founding president Sukarno , as well as those of its successor , the New Order regime of Suharto , Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer faced extrajudicial punishment . During the many years in which Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer suffered imprisonment and house arrest , Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer became a cause célèbre for advocates of freedom of expression and human rights . eos
native land during the pre - reformation era . For opposing the policies of both founding president Sukarno , as well as those of its successor , the New Order regime of Suharto , Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer faced extrajudicial punishment . During the many years in which Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer suffered imprisonment and house arrest , Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer became a cause célèbre for advocates of freedom of expression and human rights . eos
faced extrajudicial punishment . During the many years in which Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer suffered imprisonment and house arrest , Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer became a cause célèbre for advocates of freedom of expression and human rights . eos
suffered imprisonment and house arrest , Pramoedya_Ananta_Toer became a cause célèbre for advocates of freedom of expression and human rights . eos
became a cause célèbre for advocates of freedom of expression and human rights . eos
( born june 10 , 1942 , in Edmonton , Alberta ) , is a right - leaning populist Canadian politician . Preston_Manning was the first and only leader of the Reform Party of Canada , a Canadian federal political party that evolved into the Canadian Alliance . Preston_Manning sat in Parliament for this party until retirement , after which it in turn merged with the Progressive Conservative Party to form today 's Conservative Party of Canada . eos
was the first and only leader of the Reform Party of Canada , a Canadian federal political party that evolved into the Canadian Alliance . Preston_Manning sat in Parliament for this party until retirement , after which it in turn merged with the Progressive Conservative Party to form today 's Conservative Party of Canada . Preston_Manning came from a political background : eos
sat in Parliament for this party until retirement , after which it in turn merged with the Progressive Conservative Party to form today 's Conservative Party of Canada . Preston_Manning came from a political background : Preston_Manning was the son of Ernest Manning , Social Credit Party Premier of Alberta between 1943 and 1968 . eos
came from a political background : Preston_Manning was the son of Ernest Manning , Social Credit Party Premier of Alberta between 1943 and 1968 . In 1964 , Preston_Manning graduated from the University of Alberta with a BA in Economics . eos
was the son of Ernest Manning , Social Credit Party Premier of Alberta between 1943 and 1968 . In 1964 , Preston_Manning graduated from the University of Alberta with a BA in Economics . Preston_Manning sought election to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1965 federal election as a candidate of the federal Social Credit Party , but Preston_Manning was defeated . eos
graduated from the University of Alberta with a BA in Economics . Preston_Manning sought election to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1965 federal election as a candidate of the federal Social Credit Party , but Preston_Manning was defeated . Preston_Manning identifies Preston_Manning as an evangelical Christian . eos
sought election to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1965 federal election as a candidate of the federal Social Credit Party , but Preston_Manning was defeated . Preston_Manning identifies Preston_Manning as an evangelical Christian . Preston_Manning formed the Reform Party in 1987 . eos
was defeated . Preston_Manning identifies Preston_Manning as an evangelical Christian . Preston_Manning formed the Reform Party in 1987 . eos
as an evangelical Christian . Preston_Manning formed the Reform Party in 1987 . Preston_Manning chief policy adviser was Stephen Harper , a student at the University of Calgary and now the Prime Minister of Canada . eos
identifies Preston_Manning as an evangelical Christian . Preston_Manning formed the Reform Party in 1987 . Preston_Manning chief policy adviser was Stephen Harper , a student at the University of Calgary and now the Prime Minister of Canada . eos
formed the Reform Party in 1987 . Preston_Manning chief policy adviser was Stephen Harper , a student at the University of Calgary and now the Prime Minister of Canada . Harper designed the Reform Party 's 1988 campaign platform . eos
chief policy adviser was Stephen Harper , a student at the University of Calgary and now the Prime Minister of Canada . Harper designed the Reform Party 's 1988 campaign platform . The Reform Party was a combination of fiscal conservatism and populism , though aspects of social - conservatism grew , branding the party as ` ` very right - wing . '' eos
was elected to the House of Commons in the 1993 federal election , when Reform experienced its first major electoral success , replacing the Progressive Conservative Party as Canada 's dominant conservative party , with a base especially in Western Canada . In the 1997 election , the party became Canada 's official opposition , with Preston_Manning becoming the Leader of the Opposition . With Reform 's emergence , however , Preston_Manning fragmented the conservative vote into two parts - Reform and the weakened PC Party . eos
becoming the Leader of the Opposition . With Reform 's emergence , however , Preston_Manning fragmented the conservative vote into two parts - Reform and the weakened PC Party . With Canada 's plurality voting system , the result was political domination by the Liberal Party . eos
fragmented the conservative vote into two parts - Reform and the weakened PC Party . With Canada 's plurality voting system , the result was political domination by the Liberal Party . Consequently , Preston_Manning new goal was to reunite the two conservative parties under Preston_Manning leadership , and Preston_Manning launched the United Alternative movement to examine ways for the parties to cooperate . eos
new goal was to reunite the two conservative parties under Preston_Manning leadership , and Preston_Manning launched the United Alternative movement to examine ways for the parties to cooperate . The movement resulted in the formation of a new party , the Canadian Alliance , which as its full name ( Canadian Reform Conservative Alliance ) shows , was intended to supplant both parties . Most of the PC Party , however , refused to cooperate , and critics claimed the new party was little more than an image makeover for the Reform Party . eos
leadership , and Preston_Manning launched the United Alternative movement to examine ways for the parties to cooperate . The movement resulted in the formation of a new party , the Canadian Alliance , which as its full name ( Canadian Reform Conservative Alliance ) shows , was intended to supplant both parties . Most of the PC Party , however , refused to cooperate , and critics claimed the new party was little more than an image makeover for the Reform Party . eos
launched the United Alternative movement to examine ways for the parties to cooperate . The movement resulted in the formation of a new party , the Canadian Alliance , which as its full name ( Canadian Reform Conservative Alliance ) shows , was intended to supplant both parties . Most of the PC Party , however , refused to cooperate , and critics claimed the new party was little more than an image makeover for the Reform Party . eos
opened the door for rival leadership bids in the Canadian Alliance leadership election . After a fiercely close campaign , Preston_Manning was succeeded as leader by the younger and more flamboyant Stockwell Day in 2000 . Preston_Manning published Preston_Manning memoirs of political life , eos
was succeeded as leader by the younger and more flamboyant Stockwell Day in 2000 . Preston_Manning published Preston_Manning memoirs of political life , Think eos
published Preston_Manning memoirs of political life , Think Big : eos
memoirs of political life , Think Big : eos
ends the book by promising to ` ` scout '' the future of Canada ; Preston_Manning is in this sense continuing to write about policy , especially policy that Preston_Manning feels will be detrimental to the future of the country . Preston_Manning founded the Manning Centre for Building Democracy in 2005 to train conservatives for active political life . Preston_Manning also served as Governor General for the British Columbia Universities Model Parliament Society ( BCUMP ) in january 2006 . eos
is in this sense continuing to write about policy , especially policy that Preston_Manning feels will be detrimental to the future of the country . Preston_Manning founded the Manning Centre for Building Democracy in 2005 to train conservatives for active political life . Preston_Manning also served as Governor General for the British Columbia Universities Model Parliament Society ( BCUMP ) in january 2006 . eos
feels will be detrimental to the future of the country . Preston_Manning founded the Manning Centre for Building Democracy in 2005 to train conservatives for active political life . Preston_Manning also served as Governor General for the British Columbia Universities Model Parliament Society ( BCUMP ) in january 2006 . eos
founded the Manning Centre for Building Democracy in 2005 to train conservatives for active political life . Preston_Manning also served as Governor General for the British Columbia Universities Model Parliament Society ( BCUMP ) in january 2006 . Following the ` ` crushing blow '' received by Ralph Klein in the Alberta Progressive Conservative Party 's leadership review vote in which Klein received the support of only 55 % of delegates , Preston_Manning told Canadian Press that Preston_Manning was ` ` leaving the door open '' for a possible bid in the Alberta Progressive Conservative leadership election being held to choose a successor to Ralph Klein . eos
also served as Governor General for the British Columbia Universities Model Parliament Society ( BCUMP ) in january 2006 . Following the ` ` crushing blow '' received by Ralph Klein in the Alberta Progressive Conservative Party 's leadership review vote in which Klein received the support of only 55 % of delegates , Preston_Manning told Canadian Press that Preston_Manning was ` ` leaving the door open '' for a possible bid in the Alberta Progressive Conservative leadership election being held to choose a successor to Ralph Klein . Preston_Manning announced on May 18 , 2006 that Preston_Manning would not be a candidate in the leadership election , citing a desire to remain close to family and to influence politics by generating new policy ideas through the Manning Centre . eos
told Canadian Press that Preston_Manning was ` ` leaving the door open '' for a possible bid in the Alberta Progressive Conservative leadership election being held to choose a successor to Ralph Klein . Preston_Manning announced on May 18 , 2006 that Preston_Manning would not be a candidate in the leadership election , citing a desire to remain close to family and to influence politics by generating new policy ideas through the Manning Centre . Muriel Manning , Preston_Manning mother and an Alberta socialite , died on april 21 , 2006 , at Rockyview General Hospital in Calgary , Alberta , at the age of 95 . eos
was ` ` leaving the door open '' for a possible bid in the Alberta Progressive Conservative leadership election being held to choose a successor to Ralph Klein . Preston_Manning announced on May 18 , 2006 that Preston_Manning would not be a candidate in the leadership election , citing a desire to remain close to family and to influence politics by generating new policy ideas through the Manning Centre . Muriel Manning , Preston_Manning mother and an Alberta socialite , died on april 21 , 2006 , at Rockyview General Hospital in Calgary , Alberta , at the age of 95 . eos
announced on May 18 , 2006 that Preston_Manning would not be a candidate in the leadership election , citing a desire to remain close to family and to influence politics by generating new policy ideas through the Manning Centre . Muriel Manning , Preston_Manning mother and an Alberta socialite , died on april 21 , 2006 , at Rockyview General Hospital in Calgary , Alberta , at the age of 95 . Muriel was married to Ernest Manning . eos
would not be a candidate in the leadership election , citing a desire to remain close to family and to influence politics by generating new policy ideas through the Manning Centre . Muriel Manning , Preston_Manning mother and an Alberta socialite , died on april 21 , 2006 , at Rockyview General Hospital in Calgary , Alberta , at the age of 95 . Muriel was married to Ernest Manning . eos
mother and an Alberta socialite , died on april 21 , 2006 , at Rockyview General Hospital in Calgary , Alberta , at the age of 95 . Muriel was married to Ernest Manning . eos
( "" Chinese : 秦始皇 , Pinyin : Qín Shǐ Huáng , Wade - Giles : Ch ` in Shih - huang "" ) ( november / december eos
and Qin_Shi_Huang prime minister Lǐ Sī passed a series of major reforms aimed at cementing the unification , and they undertook some gigantic construction projects , most notably the precursor version of the current Great Wall of China . For all the tyranny of Qin_Shi_Huang autocratic rule , Qin_Shi_Huang is still regarded by many today as the founding father in Chinese history Qin_Shi_Huang unification of China has endured for more than two millennia ( with interruptions ) . eos
prime minister Lǐ Sī passed a series of major reforms aimed at cementing the unification , and they undertook some gigantic construction projects , most notably the precursor version of the current Great Wall of China . For all the tyranny of Qin_Shi_Huang autocratic rule , Qin_Shi_Huang is still regarded by many today as the founding father in Chinese history Qin_Shi_Huang unification of China has endured for more than two millennia ( with interruptions ) . eos
autocratic rule , Qin_Shi_Huang is still regarded by many today as the founding father in Chinese history Qin_Shi_Huang unification of China has endured for more than two millennia ( with interruptions ) . eos
is still regarded by many today as the founding father in Chinese history Qin_Shi_Huang unification of China has endured for more than two millennia ( with interruptions ) . eos
unification of China has endured for more than two millennia ( with interruptions ) . eos
( in English often spelled Rauf Denktash ) ( born january 27 , 1924 ) is the founder of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus , a defacto state which is only recognized by Turkey . Rauf_Denktas was the first President of the TRNC and Rauf_Denktas has served four five - year terms in that office . eos
was the first President of the TRNC and Rauf_Denktas has served four five - year terms in that office . eos
has served four five - year terms in that office . eos
( march 31 , 1596 - february 11 , 1650 ) , also known as Cartesius , was a noted French philosopher , mathematician , and scientist . Dubbed the ` ` Founder of Modern Philosophy '' and the ` ` Father of Modern Mathematics , '' Rene_Descartes ranks as one of the most important and influential thinkers of modern times . For good or bad , much of subsequent western philosophy is a reaction to Rene_Descartes writings , which have been closely studied from Rene_Descartes time down to the present day . eos
ranks as one of the most important and influential thinkers of modern times . For good or bad , much of subsequent western philosophy is a reaction to Rene_Descartes writings , which have been closely studied from Rene_Descartes time down to the present day . Rene_Descartes was one of the key thinkers of the Scientific Revolution in the Western World . eos
writings , which have been closely studied from Rene_Descartes time down to the present day . Rene_Descartes was one of the key thinkers of the Scientific Revolution in the Western World . Rene_Descartes influence in mathematics is also apparent , the Cartesian coordinate system used in plane geometry and algebra being named after Rene_Descartes . eos
time down to the present day . Rene_Descartes was one of the key thinkers of the Scientific Revolution in the Western World . Rene_Descartes influence in mathematics is also apparent , the Cartesian coordinate system used in plane geometry and algebra being named after Rene_Descartes . eos
was one of the key thinkers of the Scientific Revolution in the Western World . Rene_Descartes influence in mathematics is also apparent , the Cartesian coordinate system used in plane geometry and algebra being named after Rene_Descartes . Rene_Descartes frequently contrasted Rene_Descartes views with those of Rene_Descartes predecessors . eos
influence in mathematics is also apparent , the Cartesian coordinate system used in plane geometry and algebra being named after Rene_Descartes . Rene_Descartes frequently contrasted Rene_Descartes views with those of Rene_Descartes predecessors . In the opening section of the ` ` Passions of the Soul '' , Rene_Descartes goes so far as to assert that Rene_Descartes will write on Rene_Descartes topic ` ` as if no one had written on these matters before '' . eos
. Rene_Descartes frequently contrasted Rene_Descartes views with those of Rene_Descartes predecessors . In the opening section of the ` ` Passions of the Soul '' , Rene_Descartes goes so far as to assert that Rene_Descartes will write on Rene_Descartes topic ` ` as if no one had written on these matters before '' . eos
predecessors . In the opening section of the ` ` Passions of the Soul '' , Rene_Descartes goes so far as to assert that Rene_Descartes will write on Rene_Descartes topic ` ` as if no one had written on these matters before '' . Nevertheless many elements of Rene_Descartes philosophy have precedents in late Aristotelianism , the revived Stoicism of the 16th century , or in earlier philosophers like Augustine . eos
frequently contrasted Rene_Descartes views with those of Rene_Descartes predecessors . In the opening section of the ` ` Passions of the Soul '' , Rene_Descartes goes so far as to assert that Rene_Descartes will write on Rene_Descartes topic ` ` as if no one had written on these matters before '' . Nevertheless many elements of Rene_Descartes philosophy have precedents in late Aristotelianism , the revived Stoicism of the 16th century , or in earlier philosophers like Augustine . eos
views with those of Rene_Descartes predecessors . In the opening section of the ` ` Passions of the Soul '' , Rene_Descartes goes so far as to assert that Rene_Descartes will write on Rene_Descartes topic ` ` as if no one had written on these matters before '' . Nevertheless many elements of Rene_Descartes philosophy have precedents in late Aristotelianism , the revived Stoicism of the 16th century , or in earlier philosophers like Augustine . eos
goes so far as to assert that Rene_Descartes will write on Rene_Descartes topic ` ` as if no one had written on these matters before '' . Nevertheless many elements of Rene_Descartes philosophy have precedents in late Aristotelianism , the revived Stoicism of the 16th century , or in earlier philosophers like Augustine . In Rene_Descartes natural philosophy , Rene_Descartes differs from the Schools on two major points : first , Rene_Descartes rejects the analysis of corporeal substance into matter and form ; second , Rene_Descartes rejects any appeal to ends - divine or natural - in explaining natural phenomena . eos
will write on Rene_Descartes topic ` ` as if no one had written on these matters before '' . Nevertheless many elements of Rene_Descartes philosophy have precedents in late Aristotelianism , the revived Stoicism of the 16th century , or in earlier philosophers like Augustine . In Rene_Descartes natural philosophy , Rene_Descartes differs from the Schools on two major points : first , Rene_Descartes rejects the analysis of corporeal substance into matter and form ; second , Rene_Descartes rejects any appeal to ends - divine or natural - in explaining natural phenomena . eos
topic ` ` as if no one had written on these matters before '' . Nevertheless many elements of Rene_Descartes philosophy have precedents in late Aristotelianism , the revived Stoicism of the 16th century , or in earlier philosophers like Augustine . In Rene_Descartes natural philosophy , Rene_Descartes differs from the Schools on two major points : first , Rene_Descartes rejects the analysis of corporeal substance into matter and form ; second , Rene_Descartes rejects any appeal to ends - divine or natural - in explaining natural phenomena . eos
philosophy have precedents in late Aristotelianism , the revived Stoicism of the 16th century , or in earlier philosophers like Augustine . In Rene_Descartes natural philosophy , Rene_Descartes differs from the Schools on two major points : first , Rene_Descartes rejects the analysis of corporeal substance into matter and form ; second , Rene_Descartes rejects any appeal to ends - divine or natural - in explaining natural phenomena . In Rene_Descartes theology , Rene_Descartes insists on the absolute freedom of God 's act of creation . eos
natural philosophy , Rene_Descartes differs from the Schools on two major points : first , Rene_Descartes rejects the analysis of corporeal substance into matter and form ; second , Rene_Descartes rejects any appeal to ends - divine or natural - in explaining natural phenomena . In Rene_Descartes theology , Rene_Descartes insists on the absolute freedom of God 's act of creation . Rene_Descartes was a major figure in 17th century continental rationalism , later advocated by Baruch Spinoza and Gottfried Leibniz , and opposed by the empiricist school of thought , consisting of Hobbes , Locke , Berkeley , and Hume . eos
differs from the Schools on two major points : first , Rene_Descartes rejects the analysis of corporeal substance into matter and form ; second , Rene_Descartes rejects any appeal to ends - divine or natural - in explaining natural phenomena . In Rene_Descartes theology , Rene_Descartes insists on the absolute freedom of God 's act of creation . Rene_Descartes was a major figure in 17th century continental rationalism , later advocated by Baruch Spinoza and Gottfried Leibniz , and opposed by the empiricist school of thought , consisting of Hobbes , Locke , Berkeley , and Hume . eos
rejects the analysis of corporeal substance into matter and form ; second , Rene_Descartes rejects any appeal to ends - divine or natural - in explaining natural phenomena . In Rene_Descartes theology , Rene_Descartes insists on the absolute freedom of God 's act of creation . Rene_Descartes was a major figure in 17th century continental rationalism , later advocated by Baruch Spinoza and Gottfried Leibniz , and opposed by the empiricist school of thought , consisting of Hobbes , Locke , Berkeley , and Hume . eos
rejects any appeal to ends - divine or natural - in explaining natural phenomena . In Rene_Descartes theology , Rene_Descartes insists on the absolute freedom of God 's act of creation . Rene_Descartes was a major figure in 17th century continental rationalism , later advocated by Baruch Spinoza and Gottfried Leibniz , and opposed by the empiricist school of thought , consisting of Hobbes , Locke , Berkeley , and Hume . eos
theology , Rene_Descartes insists on the absolute freedom of God 's act of creation . Rene_Descartes was a major figure in 17th century continental rationalism , later advocated by Baruch Spinoza and Gottfried Leibniz , and opposed by the empiricist school of thought , consisting of Hobbes , Locke , Berkeley , and Hume . Leibniz , Spinoza and Rene_Descartes were all versed in mathematics as well as philosophy , and Rene_Descartes and Leibniz contributed greatly to science as well . eos
insists on the absolute freedom of God 's act of creation . Rene_Descartes was a major figure in 17th century continental rationalism , later advocated by Baruch Spinoza and Gottfried Leibniz , and opposed by the empiricist school of thought , consisting of Hobbes , Locke , Berkeley , and Hume . Leibniz , Spinoza and Rene_Descartes were all versed in mathematics as well as philosophy , and Rene_Descartes and Leibniz contributed greatly to science as well . eos
was a major figure in 17th century continental rationalism , later advocated by Baruch Spinoza and Gottfried Leibniz , and opposed by the empiricist school of thought , consisting of Hobbes , Locke , Berkeley , and Hume . Leibniz , Spinoza and Rene_Descartes were all versed in mathematics as well as philosophy , and Rene_Descartes and Leibniz contributed greatly to science as well . As the inventor of the Cartesian coordinate system , Rene_Descartes founded analytic geometry , that bridge between algebra and geometry crucial to the invention of the calculus and analysis . eos
were all versed in mathematics as well as philosophy , and Rene_Descartes and Leibniz contributed greatly to science as well . As the inventor of the Cartesian coordinate system , Rene_Descartes founded analytic geometry , that bridge between algebra and geometry crucial to the invention of the calculus and analysis . Rene_Descartes reflections on mind and mechanism began the strain of western thought that much later , impelled by the invention of the electronic computer and by the possibility of machine intelligence , blossomed into , eg , the Turing test . eos
and Leibniz contributed greatly to science as well . As the inventor of the Cartesian coordinate system , Rene_Descartes founded analytic geometry , that bridge between algebra and geometry crucial to the invention of the calculus and analysis . Rene_Descartes reflections on mind and mechanism began the strain of western thought that much later , impelled by the invention of the electronic computer and by the possibility of machine intelligence , blossomed into , eg , the Turing test . eos
founded analytic geometry , that bridge between algebra and geometry crucial to the invention of the calculus and analysis . Rene_Descartes reflections on mind and mechanism began the strain of western thought that much later , impelled by the invention of the electronic computer and by the possibility of machine intelligence , blossomed into , eg , the Turing test . Rene_Descartes most famous statement is ` ` Cogito ergo sum '' eos
reflections on mind and mechanism began the strain of western thought that much later , impelled by the invention of the electronic computer and by the possibility of machine intelligence , blossomed into , eg , the Turing test . Rene_Descartes most famous statement is ` ` Cogito ergo sum '' ( French : ` ` Je pense , donc je suis '' or in English : ` ` I think , therefore I am '' ) , found in § 7 of ` ` Principles of Philosophy '' eos
most famous statement is ` ` Cogito ergo sum '' ( French : ` ` Je pense , donc je suis '' or in English : ` ` I think , therefore I am '' ) , found in § 7 of ` ` Principles of Philosophy '' ( Latin ) and part IV of ` ` Discourse on Method '' ( French ) . eos
( born 18 july 1950 , Shamley Green , Surrey ) , sometimes abbreviated as SRB for ` ` Sir Richard Branson '' , is an English entrepreneur , best known for Richard_Branson Virgin brand , a banner that encompasses a variety of business organisations . It is estimated that Richard_Branson is worth over £ 3 billion ( equivalent to more than US$ 5 billion ) according to the Sunday Times Rich List 2006 . On the 12th of october , 2006 , Richard_Branson emphasised Richard_Branson stated plan is to invest $ 3 billion over 10 years to fight global warming . eos
Virgin brand , a banner that encompasses a variety of business organisations . It is estimated that Richard_Branson is worth over £ 3 billion ( equivalent to more than US$ 5 billion ) according to the Sunday Times Rich List 2006 . On the 12th of october , 2006 , Richard_Branson emphasised Richard_Branson stated plan is to invest $ 3 billion over 10 years to fight global warming . eos
is worth over £ 3 billion ( equivalent to more than US$ 5 billion ) according to the Sunday Times Rich List 2006 . On the 12th of october , 2006 , Richard_Branson emphasised Richard_Branson stated plan is to invest $ 3 billion over 10 years to fight global warming . eos
emphasised Richard_Branson stated plan is to invest $ 3 billion over 10 years to fight global warming . eos
stated plan is to invest $ 3 billion over 10 years to fight global warming . eos
CBE ( november 10 1925 - august 5 1984 ) was a Welsh actor . Richard_Burton is often considered to be one of the greatest British actors of all time and at one time Richard_Burton was the highest paid actor in Hollywood . Known for Richard_Burton immaculate vocal style , Richard_Burton was nominated 7 times for Best Actor Oscars . eos
is often considered to be one of the greatest British actors of all time and at one time Richard_Burton was the highest paid actor in Hollywood . Known for Richard_Burton immaculate vocal style , Richard_Burton was nominated 7 times for Best Actor Oscars . eos
was the highest paid actor in Hollywood . Known for Richard_Burton immaculate vocal style , Richard_Burton was nominated 7 times for Best Actor Oscars . eos
immaculate vocal style , Richard_Burton was nominated 7 times for Best Actor Oscars . eos
was nominated 7 times for Best Actor Oscars . eos
( born march 261941 ) is an eminent British ethologist , evolutionary scientist , and popular science writer Richard_Dawkins holds the Charles Simonyi Chair in the Public Understanding of Science at Oxford University . Richard_Dawkins first came to prominence with Richard_Dawkins 1976 book The Selfish Gene which popularised the gene - centric view of evolution and introduced the term meme into the lexicon , thereby helping to found the field of memetics . eos
holds the Charles Simonyi Chair in the Public Understanding of Science at Oxford University . Richard_Dawkins first came to prominence with Richard_Dawkins 1976 book The Selfish Gene which popularised the gene - centric view of evolution and introduced the term meme into the lexicon , thereby helping to found the field of memetics . In 1982 , Richard_Dawkins made a major contribution to the science of evolution with the theory , presented in Richard_Dawkins widely cited book The Extended Phenotype , that phenotypic effects are not limited to an organism 's body but can stretch far into the environment , including into the bodies of other organisms . eos
first came to prominence with Richard_Dawkins 1976 book The Selfish Gene which popularised the gene - centric view of evolution and introduced the term meme into the lexicon , thereby helping to found the field of memetics . In 1982 , Richard_Dawkins made a major contribution to the science of evolution with the theory , presented in Richard_Dawkins widely cited book The Extended Phenotype , that phenotypic effects are not limited to an organism 's body but can stretch far into the environment , including into the bodies of other organisms . Richard_Dawkins has since written several best - selling popular books on evolution , and Richard_Dawkins has appeared in a number of television and radio programmes on evolutionary biology , creationism , and religion . eos
1976 book The Selfish Gene which popularised the gene - centric view of evolution and introduced the term meme into the lexicon , thereby helping to found the field of memetics . In 1982 , Richard_Dawkins made a major contribution to the science of evolution with the theory , presented in Richard_Dawkins widely cited book The Extended Phenotype , that phenotypic effects are not limited to an organism 's body but can stretch far into the environment , including into the bodies of other organisms . Richard_Dawkins has since written several best - selling popular books on evolution , and Richard_Dawkins has appeared in a number of television and radio programmes on evolutionary biology , creationism , and religion . eos
made a major contribution to the science of evolution with the theory , presented in Richard_Dawkins widely cited book The Extended Phenotype , that phenotypic effects are not limited to an organism 's body but can stretch far into the environment , including into the bodies of other organisms . Richard_Dawkins has since written several best - selling popular books on evolution , and Richard_Dawkins has appeared in a number of television and radio programmes on evolutionary biology , creationism , and religion . Richard_Dawkins is an outspoken atheist , humanist , and sceptic , and Richard_Dawkins is a prominent member of the Brights movement . eos
widely cited book The Extended Phenotype , that phenotypic effects are not limited to an organism 's body but can stretch far into the environment , including into the bodies of other organisms . Richard_Dawkins has since written several best - selling popular books on evolution , and Richard_Dawkins has appeared in a number of television and radio programmes on evolutionary biology , creationism , and religion . Richard_Dawkins is an outspoken atheist , humanist , and sceptic , and Richard_Dawkins is a prominent member of the Brights movement . eos
has since written several best - selling popular books on evolution , and Richard_Dawkins has appeared in a number of television and radio programmes on evolutionary biology , creationism , and religion . Richard_Dawkins is an outspoken atheist , humanist , and sceptic , and Richard_Dawkins is a prominent member of the Brights movement . In a play on Thomas Huxley 's epithet ` ` Darwin 's bulldog '' , Richard_Dawkins impassioned defence of Darwinian evolution has earned Richard_Dawkins the appellation ` ` Darwin 's rottweiler '' . eos
has appeared in a number of television and radio programmes on evolutionary biology , creationism , and religion . Richard_Dawkins is an outspoken atheist , humanist , and sceptic , and Richard_Dawkins is a prominent member of the Brights movement . In a play on Thomas Huxley 's epithet ` ` Darwin 's bulldog '' , Richard_Dawkins impassioned defence of Darwinian evolution has earned Richard_Dawkins the appellation ` ` Darwin 's rottweiler '' . eos
is a prominent member of the Brights movement . In a play on Thomas Huxley 's epithet ` ` Darwin 's bulldog '' , Richard_Dawkins impassioned defence of Darwinian evolution has earned Richard_Dawkins the appellation ` ` Darwin 's rottweiler '' . eos
is an outspoken atheist , humanist , and sceptic , and Richard_Dawkins is a prominent member of the Brights movement . In a play on Thomas Huxley 's epithet ` ` Darwin 's bulldog '' , Richard_Dawkins impassioned defence of Darwinian evolution has earned Richard_Dawkins the appellation ` ` Darwin 's rottweiler '' . eos
impassioned defence of Darwinian evolution has earned Richard_Dawkins the appellation ` ` Darwin 's rottweiler '' . eos
the appellation ` ` Darwin 's rottweiler '' . eos
( 2 october 1452 - 22 august 1485 ) was King of England from 1483 until Richard_III_of_England death . Richard_III_of_England was the last king from the House of York , and Richard_III_of_England defeat ended the Wars of the Roses . After the death of Richard_III_of_England brother King Edward IV , Richard_III_of_England briefly governed as regent for Edward 's son King Edward V with the title of Lord Protector , but Richard_III_of_England placed Edward and his brother Richard in the Tower ( see Princes in the Tower ) and Richard_III_of_England acquired the throne for Richard_III_of_England , being crowned on 6 july 1483 . eos
death . Richard_III_of_England was the last king from the House of York , and Richard_III_of_England defeat ended the Wars of the Roses . After the death of Richard_III_of_England brother King Edward IV , Richard_III_of_England briefly governed as regent for Edward 's son King Edward V with the title of Lord Protector , but Richard_III_of_England placed Edward and his brother Richard in the Tower ( see Princes in the Tower ) and Richard_III_of_England acquired the throne for Richard_III_of_England , being crowned on 6 july 1483 . eos
was the last king from the House of York , and Richard_III_of_England defeat ended the Wars of the Roses . After the death of Richard_III_of_England brother King Edward IV , Richard_III_of_England briefly governed as regent for Edward 's son King Edward V with the title of Lord Protector , but Richard_III_of_England placed Edward and his brother Richard in the Tower ( see Princes in the Tower ) and Richard_III_of_England acquired the throne for Richard_III_of_England , being crowned on 6 july 1483 . Two large - scale rebellions rose against Richard_III_of_England . eos
defeat ended the Wars of the Roses . After the death of Richard_III_of_England brother King Edward IV , Richard_III_of_England briefly governed as regent for Edward 's son King Edward V with the title of Lord Protector , but Richard_III_of_England placed Edward and his brother Richard in the Tower ( see Princes in the Tower ) and Richard_III_of_England acquired the throne for Richard_III_of_England , being crowned on 6 july 1483 . Two large - scale rebellions rose against Richard_III_of_England . eos
brother King Edward IV , Richard_III_of_England briefly governed as regent for Edward 's son King Edward V with the title of Lord Protector , but Richard_III_of_England placed Edward and his brother Richard in the Tower ( see Princes in the Tower ) and Richard_III_of_England acquired the throne for Richard_III_of_England , being crowned on 6 july 1483 . Two large - scale rebellions rose against Richard_III_of_England . The first , in 1483 , was led by old diehard opponents of Edward IV and , most notably , Richard_III_of_England own ` kingmaker ' , Henry Stafford , Duke of Buckingham . eos
briefly governed as regent for Edward 's son King Edward V with the title of Lord Protector , but Richard_III_of_England placed Edward and his brother Richard in the Tower ( see Princes in the Tower ) and Richard_III_of_England acquired the throne for Richard_III_of_England , being crowned on 6 july 1483 . Two large - scale rebellions rose against Richard_III_of_England . The first , in 1483 , was led by old diehard opponents of Edward IV and , most notably , Richard_III_of_England own ` kingmaker ' , Henry Stafford , Duke of Buckingham . eos
placed Edward and his brother Richard in the Tower ( see Princes in the Tower ) and Richard_III_of_England acquired the throne for Richard_III_of_England , being crowned on 6 july 1483 . Two large - scale rebellions rose against Richard_III_of_England . The first , in 1483 , was led by old diehard opponents of Edward IV and , most notably , Richard_III_of_England own ` kingmaker ' , Henry Stafford , Duke of Buckingham . eos
acquired the throne for Richard_III_of_England , being crowned on 6 july 1483 . Two large - scale rebellions rose against Richard_III_of_England . The first , in 1483 , was led by old diehard opponents of Edward IV and , most notably , Richard_III_of_England own ` kingmaker ' , Henry Stafford , Duke of Buckingham . eos
, being crowned on 6 july 1483 . Two large - scale rebellions rose against Richard_III_of_England . The first , in 1483 , was led by old diehard opponents of Edward IV and , most notably , Richard_III_of_England own ` kingmaker ' , Henry Stafford , Duke of Buckingham . eos
. The first , in 1483 , was led by old diehard opponents of Edward IV and , most notably , Richard_III_of_England own ` kingmaker ' , Henry Stafford , Duke of Buckingham . The revolt collapsed and Buckingham was executed at Salisbury , near the Bull 's Head Inn . eos
own ` kingmaker ' , Henry Stafford , Duke of Buckingham . The revolt collapsed and Buckingham was executed at Salisbury , near the Bull 's Head Inn . However , in 1485 , another rebellion arose against Richard_III_of_England , headed by Henry Tudor , 2nd Earl of Richmond ( later King Henry VII ) and his uncle Jasper . eos
, headed by Henry Tudor , 2nd Earl of Richmond ( later King Henry VII ) and his uncle Jasper . The rebels landed and Richard_III_of_England fell in the Battle of Bosworth Field , then known as Redemore or Dadlington Field , as the last Plantagenet king and the last English king to die in battle . William Shakespeare 's play Richard III has made Richard_III_of_England name particularly infamous . eos
fell in the Battle of Bosworth Field , then known as Redemore or Dadlington Field , as the last Plantagenet king and the last English king to die in battle . William Shakespeare 's play Richard III has made Richard_III_of_England name particularly infamous . eos
name particularly infamous . eos
( born january 11 , 1939 in New York City ) is currently a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit . Richard_Posner is a major voice in the law and economics movement , which Richard_Posner helped start while a professor at the University of Chicago Law School . Richard_Posner is the author of several books on jurisprudence and legal philosophy , including The Problems of Jurisprudence ; Sex and Reason ; Overcoming Law ; Law , Pragmatism and Democracy ; and The Problematics of Moral and Legal Theory . eos
is a major voice in the law and economics movement , which Richard_Posner helped start while a professor at the University of Chicago Law School . Richard_Posner is the author of several books on jurisprudence and legal philosophy , including The Problems of Jurisprudence ; Sex and Reason ; Overcoming Law ; Law , Pragmatism and Democracy ; and The Problematics of Moral and Legal Theory . eos
helped start while a professor at the University of Chicago Law School . Richard_Posner is the author of several books on jurisprudence and legal philosophy , including The Problems of Jurisprudence ; Sex and Reason ; Overcoming Law ; Law , Pragmatism and Democracy ; and The Problematics of Moral and Legal Theory . eos
is the author of several books on jurisprudence and legal philosophy , including The Problems of Jurisprudence ; Sex and Reason ; Overcoming Law ; Law , Pragmatism and Democracy ; and The Problematics of Moral and Legal Theory . eos
( born october 4 , 1931 in New York City ) is an American philosopher . Richard_Rorty is currently an emeritus professor of comparative literature , and , by courtesy , philosophy at Stanford University . eos
is currently an emeritus professor of comparative literature , and , by courtesy , philosophy at Stanford University . eos
CC , OBC ( 1957 - ) is a Canadian paraplegic athlete and activist for people with spinal cord injuries Rick_Hansen is most famous for Rick_Hansen Man in Motion world tour to raise money for the cause and show the physical capabilities of such people . Rick_Hansen is married to Amanda , Rick_Hansen former physiotherapist . eos
is most famous for Rick_Hansen Man in Motion world tour to raise money for the cause and show the physical capabilities of such people . Rick_Hansen is married to Amanda , Rick_Hansen former physiotherapist . They have three daughters , Emma , Alana and Rebecca , and live in Richmond , BC . eos
Man in Motion world tour to raise money for the cause and show the physical capabilities of such people . Rick_Hansen is married to Amanda , Rick_Hansen former physiotherapist . They have three daughters , Emma , Alana and Rebecca , and live in Richmond , BC . eos
is married to Amanda , Rick_Hansen former physiotherapist . They have three daughters , Emma , Alana and Rebecca , and live in Richmond , BC . eos
former physiotherapist . They have three daughters , Emma , Alana and Rebecca , and live in Richmond , BC . eos
( born october 17 , 1969 in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador ) , is a Canadian comedian , television personality and occasionally , a blogger . Rick_Mercer first came to national attention in 1990 , when Rick_Mercer premiered Rick_Mercer one - man show Show Me the Button eos
first came to national attention in 1990 , when Rick_Mercer premiered Rick_Mercer one - man show Show Me the Button , I 'll Push It , or Charles Lynch eos
premiered Rick_Mercer one - man show Show Me the Button , I 'll Push It , or Charles Lynch eos
one - man show Show Me the Button , I 'll Push It , or Charles Lynch eos
a national star as Rick_Mercer toured the show across Canada . Rick_Mercer dropped out of high school before completing Rick_Mercer diploma requirements and Rick_Mercer was given an honorary one . eos
toured the show across Canada . Rick_Mercer dropped out of high school before completing Rick_Mercer diploma requirements and Rick_Mercer was given an honorary one . eos
dropped out of high school before completing Rick_Mercer diploma requirements and Rick_Mercer was given an honorary one . eos
diploma requirements and Rick_Mercer was given an honorary one . eos
was given an honorary one . eos
( born Robert Peter Williams on february 13 , 1974 in Burslem , Stoke - on - Trent , Staffordshire ) is an English pop artist / songwriter . Robbie_Williams career started as a member of the immensely successful band Take That in 1990 , which Robbie_Williams left in 1995 . eos
career started as a member of the immensely successful band Take That in 1990 , which Robbie_Williams left in 1995 . Since then , Robbie_Williams has grown to become one of the most successful male solo artists in British history . eos
left in 1995 . Since then , Robbie_Williams has grown to become one of the most successful male solo artists in British history . Despite Robbie_Williams lack of success in United States , Robbie_Williams album sales stand at nearly 47 million worldwide and Robbie_Williams has sold approximately 15 million singles around the world . eos
has grown to become one of the most successful male solo artists in British history . Despite Robbie_Williams lack of success in United States , Robbie_Williams album sales stand at nearly 47 million worldwide and Robbie_Williams has sold approximately 15 million singles around the world . In the UK alone Robbie_Williams has sold nearly 5.5 . eos
lack of success in United States , Robbie_Williams album sales stand at nearly 47 million worldwide and Robbie_Williams has sold approximately 15 million singles around the world . In the UK alone Robbie_Williams has sold nearly 5.5 . This brings Robbie_Williams total sales to more than 60 million records . eos
album sales stand at nearly 47 million worldwide and Robbie_Williams has sold approximately 15 million singles around the world . In the UK alone Robbie_Williams has sold nearly 5.5 . This brings Robbie_Williams total sales to more than 60 million records . eos
has sold approximately 15 million singles around the world . In the UK alone Robbie_Williams has sold nearly 5.5 . This brings Robbie_Williams total sales to more than 60 million records . eos
has sold nearly 5.5 . This brings Robbie_Williams total sales to more than 60 million records . Robbie_Williams holds 8 number one albums , 6 number one singles in the UK and Robbie_Williams has been the recepient of countless awards . eos
total sales to more than 60 million records . Robbie_Williams holds 8 number one albums , 6 number one singles in the UK and Robbie_Williams has been the recepient of countless awards . Robbie_Williams is also the best - selling international act in Latin America . eos
holds 8 number one albums , 6 number one singles in the UK and Robbie_Williams has been the recepient of countless awards . Robbie_Williams is also the best - selling international act in Latin America . Elton John recently described Robbie_Williams as ` ` the # 1 star in the world right now '' . eos
has been the recepient of countless awards . Robbie_Williams is also the best - selling international act in Latin America . Elton John recently described Robbie_Williams as ` ` the # 1 star in the world right now '' . eos
is also the best - selling international act in Latin America . Elton John recently described Robbie_Williams as ` ` the # 1 star in the world right now '' . eos
as ` ` the # 1 star in the world right now '' . eos
, 1st Baron Baden - Powell OM , GCMG , GCVO , KCB ( 22 february 1857 - 8 january 1941 ) , also known as B - P , was a Lieutenant - General in the British Army , writer , and founder of the world Scouting Movement . After having been educated at Charterhouse School , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell joined the British Army in 1876 , and Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell was posted in India and Africa , and Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell served three years in the British Secret Intelligence Service . In 1899 , during the Second Boer War in South Africa , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell successfully defended Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell fortress and the surrounding city in the Siege of Mafeking . eos
joined the British Army in 1876 , and Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell was posted in India and Africa , and Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell served three years in the British Secret Intelligence Service . In 1899 , during the Second Boer War in South Africa , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell successfully defended Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell fortress and the surrounding city in the Siege of Mafeking . In 1910 Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell retired from the Army . eos
was posted in India and Africa , and Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell served three years in the British Secret Intelligence Service . In 1899 , during the Second Boer War in South Africa , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell successfully defended Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell fortress and the surrounding city in the Siege of Mafeking . In 1910 Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell retired from the Army . eos
served three years in the British Secret Intelligence Service . In 1899 , during the Second Boer War in South Africa , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell successfully defended Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell fortress and the surrounding city in the Siege of Mafeking . In 1910 Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell retired from the Army . eos
successfully defended Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell fortress and the surrounding city in the Siege of Mafeking . In 1910 Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell retired from the Army . Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell was a prolific painter and writer . eos
fortress and the surrounding city in the Siege of Mafeking . In 1910 Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell retired from the Army . Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell was a prolific painter and writer . eos
retired from the Army . Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell was a prolific painter and writer . Several of Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell military books , written for military reconnaissance and scout training in Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell African years , were also used by boys . eos
was a prolific painter and writer . Several of Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell military books , written for military reconnaissance and scout training in Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell African years , were also used by boys . Based on those earlier books , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell wrote Scouting for Boys , published in 1908 by Pearson , for youth readership . eos
African years , were also used by boys . Based on those earlier books , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell wrote Scouting for Boys , published in 1908 by Pearson , for youth readership . During writing , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell tested Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell ideas through a camping trip on Brownsea Island in 1907 , which is now seen as the beginning of Scouting . eos
military books , written for military reconnaissance and scout training in Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell African years , were also used by boys . Based on those earlier books , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell wrote Scouting for Boys , published in 1908 by Pearson , for youth readership . During writing , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell tested Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell ideas through a camping trip on Brownsea Island in 1907 , which is now seen as the beginning of Scouting . eos
wrote Scouting for Boys , published in 1908 by Pearson , for youth readership . During writing , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell tested Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell ideas through a camping trip on Brownsea Island in 1907 , which is now seen as the beginning of Scouting . After Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell marriage with Olave StClair Soames , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell sister Agnes Baden - Powell and notably Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell wife actively gave guidance to the Scouting Movement and the Girl Guides Movement . eos
tested Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell ideas through a camping trip on Brownsea Island in 1907 , which is now seen as the beginning of Scouting . After Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell marriage with Olave StClair Soames , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell sister Agnes Baden - Powell and notably Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell wife actively gave guidance to the Scouting Movement and the Girl Guides Movement . Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell is buried in Nyeri , Kenya . eos
ideas through a camping trip on Brownsea Island in 1907 , which is now seen as the beginning of Scouting . After Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell marriage with Olave StClair Soames , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell sister Agnes Baden - Powell and notably Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell wife actively gave guidance to the Scouting Movement and the Girl Guides Movement . Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell is buried in Nyeri , Kenya . eos
marriage with Olave StClair Soames , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell , Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell sister Agnes Baden - Powell and notably Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell wife actively gave guidance to the Scouting Movement and the Girl Guides Movement . Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell is buried in Nyeri , Kenya . eos
, Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell sister Agnes Baden - Powell and notably Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell wife actively gave guidance to the Scouting Movement and the Girl Guides Movement . Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell is buried in Nyeri , Kenya . eos
sister Agnes Baden - Powell and notably Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell wife actively gave guidance to the Scouting Movement and the Girl Guides Movement . Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell is buried in Nyeri , Kenya . eos
wife actively gave guidance to the Scouting Movement and the Girl Guides Movement . Robert_Baden-Powell_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell is buried in Nyeri , Kenya . eos
is buried in Nyeri , Kenya . eos
has been Director - General for External and Politico - Military Affairs at the General Secretariat of the Council of the European Union since 2002 , responsible to Javier Solana , High Representative of the EU 's Common Foreign and Security Policy . eos
( 6 june 1868 - 29 march 1912 ) was a Royal Naval officer and Antarctic explorer . In the so - called ` Race to the South Pole ' Robert_Falcon_Scott came second , behind the Norwegian Roald Amundsen ; and Robert_Falcon_Scott subsequently died , along with four companions , whilst trying to return to the safety of their base . Robert_Falcon_Scott has become the most famous , and tragic , hero of the ` ` heroic age '' of Antarctic exploration . eos
came second , behind the Norwegian Roald Amundsen ; and Robert_Falcon_Scott subsequently died , along with four companions , whilst trying to return to the safety of their base . Robert_Falcon_Scott has become the most famous , and tragic , hero of the ` ` heroic age '' of Antarctic exploration . eos
subsequently died , along with four companions , whilst trying to return to the safety of their base . Robert_Falcon_Scott has become the most famous , and tragic , hero of the ` ` heroic age '' of Antarctic exploration . eos
has become the most famous , and tragic , hero of the ` ` heroic age '' of Antarctic exploration . eos
( born january 9 , 1941 in Rochester , New York ) is a political scientist and professor at Harvard University , well - known for Robert_Putnam writings on civic engagement , civil society , and social capital . Robert_Putnam also developed the influential two - level game theory that assumes international agreements will only be successfully brokered if they also result in domestic benefits . Robert_Putnam most famous ( and controversial ) work , Bowling Alone , argues that the United States has undergone an unprecedented collapse in civic , social , associational , and political life ( social capital ) since the 1960s , with serious negative consequences . eos
writings on civic engagement , civil society , and social capital . Robert_Putnam also developed the influential two - level game theory that assumes international agreements will only be successfully brokered if they also result in domestic benefits . Robert_Putnam most famous ( and controversial ) work , Bowling Alone , argues that the United States has undergone an unprecedented collapse in civic , social , associational , and political life ( social capital ) since the 1960s , with serious negative consequences . eos
also developed the influential two - level game theory that assumes international agreements will only be successfully brokered if they also result in domestic benefits . Robert_Putnam most famous ( and controversial ) work , Bowling Alone , argues that the United States has undergone an unprecedented collapse in civic , social , associational , and political life ( social capital ) since the 1960s , with serious negative consequences . Though Robert_Putnam measured this decline in data of many varieties , Robert_Putnam most striking point was that virtually every traditional civic , social and fraternal organization - typified by bowling leagues - had undergone a massive decline in membership while the number of people bowling increased drastically . eos
most famous ( and controversial ) work , Bowling Alone , argues that the United States has undergone an unprecedented collapse in civic , social , associational , and political life ( social capital ) since the 1960s , with serious negative consequences . Though Robert_Putnam measured this decline in data of many varieties , Robert_Putnam most striking point was that virtually every traditional civic , social and fraternal organization - typified by bowling leagues - had undergone a massive decline in membership while the number of people bowling increased drastically . Robert_Putnam makes a distinction between two kinds of social capital : bonding capital and bridging capital . eos
measured this decline in data of many varieties , Robert_Putnam most striking point was that virtually every traditional civic , social and fraternal organization - typified by bowling leagues - had undergone a massive decline in membership while the number of people bowling increased drastically . Robert_Putnam makes a distinction between two kinds of social capital : bonding capital and bridging capital . Bonding occurs when you are socializing with people who are like you : same age , same race , same religion , and so on . eos
most striking point was that virtually every traditional civic , social and fraternal organization - typified by bowling leagues - had undergone a massive decline in membership while the number of people bowling increased drastically . Robert_Putnam makes a distinction between two kinds of social capital : bonding capital and bridging capital . Bonding occurs when you are socializing with people who are like you : same age , same race , same religion , and so on . eos
makes a distinction between two kinds of social capital : bonding capital and bridging capital . Bonding occurs when you are socializing with people who are like you : same age , same race , same religion , and so on . But in order to create peaceful societies in a diverse multi - etnic country , one needs to have a second kind of social capital : bridging . eos
argues that those two kinds of social capital , bonding and bridging , do strengthen each other . eos
( 1910 - 2000 ) , born Mary Maxwell was the wife of Shoghi Effendi , the head of the Bahá ' í Faith from 1921 - 1957 . Ruhiyyih_Khanum was appointed by him as a Hand of the Cause , and Ruhiyyih_Khanum served an important role in the transfer of authority from 1957 - 1963 . eos
was appointed by him as a Hand of the Cause , and Ruhiyyih_Khanum served an important role in the transfer of authority from 1957 - 1963 . In 2004 , CBC viewers voted Ruhiyyih_Khanum number 44 on the list of ` ` greatest Canadians '' on the television show The Greatest Canadian . eos
served an important role in the transfer of authority from 1957 - 1963 . In 2004 , CBC viewers voted Ruhiyyih_Khanum number 44 on the list of ` ` greatest Canadians '' on the television show The Greatest Canadian . eos
number 44 on the list of ` ` greatest Canadians '' on the television show The Greatest Canadian . eos
( born Ahmed Salman Rushdie , "" Urdu : أحمد سلمان رشدی "" , on june 19 , 1947 , in Bombay , India ) is a British - Indian essayist and author of fiction , most of which is set on the Indian subcontinent . Salman_Rushdie narrative style , blending the supernatural with more realistic settings , has been described as magic realism . Salman_Rushdie Magnum opus , Midnight 's Children , was in 1993 declared the ` ` Booker of Bookers '' . eos
narrative style , blending the supernatural with more realistic settings , has been described as magic realism . Salman_Rushdie Magnum opus , Midnight 's Children , was in 1993 declared the ` ` Booker of Bookers '' . Salman_Rushdie is best known for the violent criticism Salman_Rushdie book eos
Magnum opus , Midnight 's Children , was in 1993 declared the ` ` Booker of Bookers '' . Salman_Rushdie is best known for the violent criticism Salman_Rushdie book The Satanic Verses ( 1988 ) provoked in the Muslim community . eos
is best known for the violent criticism Salman_Rushdie book The Satanic Verses ( 1988 ) provoked in the Muslim community . After death threats and a fatwa by Ruhollah Khomeini , calling for Salman_Rushdie assassination , Salman_Rushdie spent years underground , appearing in public only sporadically . eos
book The Satanic Verses ( 1988 ) provoked in the Muslim community . After death threats and a fatwa by Ruhollah Khomeini , calling for Salman_Rushdie assassination , Salman_Rushdie spent years underground , appearing in public only sporadically . eos
assassination , Salman_Rushdie spent years underground , appearing in public only sporadically . Between 2004 and 2006 Salman_Rushdie served as president of the PEN American Center . eos
spent years underground , appearing in public only sporadically . Between 2004 and 2006 Salman_Rushdie served as president of the PEN American Center . eos
served as president of the PEN American Center . eos
, CB , KCMG , MVO ( 5 january 1849 - 30 january 1919 ) was a distinguished soldier and famous member of the North West Mounted Police . eos
( born april 18 , 1927 ) is a political scientist known for Samuel_P._Huntington analysis of the relationship between the military and the civil government , Samuel_P._Huntington investigation of coups d'etat , and Samuel_P._Huntington thesis that the central political actors of the 21st century will be civilizations rather than nation - states . More recently , Samuel_P._Huntington garnered widespread attention for Samuel_P._Huntington analysis of threats posed to the United States by modern - day immigration . Samuel_P._Huntington is a professor at Harvard University . eos
analysis of the relationship between the military and the civil government , Samuel_P._Huntington investigation of coups d'etat , and Samuel_P._Huntington thesis that the central political actors of the 21st century will be civilizations rather than nation - states . More recently , Samuel_P._Huntington garnered widespread attention for Samuel_P._Huntington analysis of threats posed to the United States by modern - day immigration . Samuel_P._Huntington is a professor at Harvard University . eos
investigation of coups d'etat , and Samuel_P._Huntington thesis that the central political actors of the 21st century will be civilizations rather than nation - states . More recently , Samuel_P._Huntington garnered widespread attention for Samuel_P._Huntington analysis of threats posed to the United States by modern - day immigration . Samuel_P._Huntington is a professor at Harvard University . eos
thesis that the central political actors of the 21st century will be civilizations rather than nation - states . More recently , Samuel_P._Huntington garnered widespread attention for Samuel_P._Huntington analysis of threats posed to the United States by modern - day immigration . Samuel_P._Huntington is a professor at Harvard University . eos
garnered widespread attention for Samuel_P._Huntington analysis of threats posed to the United States by modern - day immigration . Samuel_P._Huntington is a professor at Harvard University . Samuel_P._Huntington came to prominence as a scholar in the 1960s with the publication of Political Order in Changing Societies , a work which challenged the conventional view of modernization theorists that economic and social progress would bring about stable democracies in recently decolonized countries . eos
analysis of threats posed to the United States by modern - day immigration . Samuel_P._Huntington is a professor at Harvard University . Samuel_P._Huntington came to prominence as a scholar in the 1960s with the publication of Political Order in Changing Societies , a work which challenged the conventional view of modernization theorists that economic and social progress would bring about stable democracies in recently decolonized countries . eos
is a professor at Harvard University . Samuel_P._Huntington came to prominence as a scholar in the 1960s with the publication of Political Order in Changing Societies , a work which challenged the conventional view of modernization theorists that economic and social progress would bring about stable democracies in recently decolonized countries . eos
came to prominence as a scholar in the 1960s with the publication of Political Order in Changing Societies , a work which challenged the conventional view of modernization theorists that economic and social progress would bring about stable democracies in recently decolonized countries . eos
( january 7 , 1827 - july 22 , 1915 ) was a prolific Canadian engineer and inventor , known for the introduction of Universal Standard Time , Canada 's first postage stamp , a huge body of surveying and map making , engineering much of the Intercolonial Railway and the Canadian Pacific Railway , and a founding member of the Royal Society of Canada and founder of the Royal Canadian Institute , a science organization in Toronto . eos
SOM ( july 11 , 1963-march 3 , 2000 ) was a Canadian curler , an Olympic and triple World Champion . Born in Biggar , Saskatchewan , Sandra_Schmirler learned curling at high school . Sandra_Schmirler first major successes in the sport came in 1991 , when Sandra_Schmirler won the provincial championships as the skip ( captain ) of Sandra_Schmirler team . eos
learned curling at high school . Sandra_Schmirler first major successes in the sport came in 1991 , when Sandra_Schmirler won the provincial championships as the skip ( captain ) of Sandra_Schmirler team . Only two years later , in 1993 , Sandra_Schmirler Regina - based team also won the Canadian Championships , and were sent out to the World Championships , which they won . eos
first major successes in the sport came in 1991 , when Sandra_Schmirler won the provincial championships as the skip ( captain ) of Sandra_Schmirler team . Only two years later , in 1993 , Sandra_Schmirler Regina - based team also won the Canadian Championships , and were sent out to the World Championships , which they won . At this time , Sandra_Schmirler name was Sandra Peterson from Sandra_Schmirler first marriage ; while Sandra_Schmirler remarried , Sandra_Schmirler would revert to Sandra_Schmirler maiden name . eos
won the provincial championships as the skip ( captain ) of Sandra_Schmirler team . Only two years later , in 1993 , Sandra_Schmirler Regina - based team also won the Canadian Championships , and were sent out to the World Championships , which they won . At this time , Sandra_Schmirler name was Sandra Peterson from Sandra_Schmirler first marriage ; while Sandra_Schmirler remarried , Sandra_Schmirler would revert to Sandra_Schmirler maiden name . eos
team . Only two years later , in 1993 , Sandra_Schmirler Regina - based team also won the Canadian Championships , and were sent out to the World Championships , which they won . At this time , Sandra_Schmirler name was Sandra Peterson from Sandra_Schmirler first marriage ; while Sandra_Schmirler remarried , Sandra_Schmirler would revert to Sandra_Schmirler maiden name . eos
Regina - based team also won the Canadian Championships , and were sent out to the World Championships , which they won . At this time , Sandra_Schmirler name was Sandra Peterson from Sandra_Schmirler first marriage ; while Sandra_Schmirler remarried , Sandra_Schmirler would revert to Sandra_Schmirler maiden name . Sandra_Schmirler rink repeated those performances in 1994 and 1997 . eos
would revert to Sandra_Schmirler maiden name . Sandra_Schmirler rink repeated those performances in 1994 and 1997 . At the 1998 Winter Olympics , Sandra_Schmirler sailed through the round - robin competition with relative ease , and in the semi - final Sandra_Schmirler faced the all - Scottish Great Britain rink , which was skipped by Kirsty Hay but also included a future world championship - winning skip for Scotland , Jackie Lockhart . eos
maiden name . Sandra_Schmirler rink repeated those performances in 1994 and 1997 . At the 1998 Winter Olympics , Sandra_Schmirler sailed through the round - robin competition with relative ease , and in the semi - final Sandra_Schmirler faced the all - Scottish Great Britain rink , which was skipped by Kirsty Hay but also included a future world championship - winning skip for Scotland , Jackie Lockhart . eos
name was Sandra Peterson from Sandra_Schmirler first marriage ; while Sandra_Schmirler remarried , Sandra_Schmirler would revert to Sandra_Schmirler maiden name . Sandra_Schmirler rink repeated those performances in 1994 and 1997 . At the 1998 Winter Olympics , Sandra_Schmirler sailed through the round - robin competition with relative ease , and in the semi - final Sandra_Schmirler faced the all - Scottish Great Britain rink , which was skipped by Kirsty Hay but also included a future world championship - winning skip for Scotland , Jackie Lockhart . eos
first marriage ; while Sandra_Schmirler remarried , Sandra_Schmirler would revert to Sandra_Schmirler maiden name . Sandra_Schmirler rink repeated those performances in 1994 and 1997 . At the 1998 Winter Olympics , Sandra_Schmirler sailed through the round - robin competition with relative ease , and in the semi - final Sandra_Schmirler faced the all - Scottish Great Britain rink , which was skipped by Kirsty Hay but also included a future world championship - winning skip for Scotland , Jackie Lockhart . eos
remarried , Sandra_Schmirler would revert to Sandra_Schmirler maiden name . Sandra_Schmirler rink repeated those performances in 1994 and 1997 . At the 1998 Winter Olympics , Sandra_Schmirler sailed through the round - robin competition with relative ease , and in the semi - final Sandra_Schmirler faced the all - Scottish Great Britain rink , which was skipped by Kirsty Hay but also included a future world championship - winning skip for Scotland , Jackie Lockhart . eos
rink repeated those performances in 1994 and 1997 . At the 1998 Winter Olympics , Sandra_Schmirler sailed through the round - robin competition with relative ease , and in the semi - final Sandra_Schmirler faced the all - Scottish Great Britain rink , which was skipped by Kirsty Hay but also included a future world championship - winning skip for Scotland , Jackie Lockhart . The game surprisingly went to an extra end , and a major upset appeared to be on the cards when Sandra_Schmirler shouted out ` ` oh no ! '' , fearing Sandra_Schmirler last stone was too heavy . eos
sailed through the round - robin competition with relative ease , and in the semi - final Sandra_Schmirler faced the all - Scottish Great Britain rink , which was skipped by Kirsty Hay but also included a future world championship - winning skip for Scotland , Jackie Lockhart . The game surprisingly went to an extra end , and a major upset appeared to be on the cards when Sandra_Schmirler shouted out ` ` oh no ! '' , fearing Sandra_Schmirler last stone was too heavy . However , it slowed up in the nick of time , and Sandra_Schmirler team progressed to the final , where they faced the Danish rink skipped by Helena Blach Lavrsen , surprise conquerors of the formidable Swedish team . eos
faced the all - Scottish Great Britain rink , which was skipped by Kirsty Hay but also included a future world championship - winning skip for Scotland , Jackie Lockhart . The game surprisingly went to an extra end , and a major upset appeared to be on the cards when Sandra_Schmirler shouted out ` ` oh no ! '' , fearing Sandra_Schmirler last stone was too heavy . However , it slowed up in the nick of time , and Sandra_Schmirler team progressed to the final , where they faced the Danish rink skipped by Helena Blach Lavrsen , surprise conquerors of the formidable Swedish team . eos
shouted out ` ` oh no ! '' , fearing Sandra_Schmirler last stone was too heavy . However , it slowed up in the nick of time , and Sandra_Schmirler team progressed to the final , where they faced the Danish rink skipped by Helena Blach Lavrsen , surprise conquerors of the formidable Swedish team . Sandra_Schmirler spearheaded a deserved 7 - 5 victory , and Sandra_Schmirler secured the gold medal for Canada . eos
last stone was too heavy . However , it slowed up in the nick of time , and Sandra_Schmirler team progressed to the final , where they faced the Danish rink skipped by Helena Blach Lavrsen , surprise conquerors of the formidable Swedish team . Sandra_Schmirler spearheaded a deserved 7 - 5 victory , and Sandra_Schmirler secured the gold medal for Canada . eos
team progressed to the final , where they faced the Danish rink skipped by Helena Blach Lavrsen , surprise conquerors of the formidable Swedish team . Sandra_Schmirler spearheaded a deserved 7 - 5 victory , and Sandra_Schmirler secured the gold medal for Canada . The year after Sandra_Schmirler Olympic triumph , Sandra_Schmirler was diagnosed with oesophageal cancer , of which Sandra_Schmirler died on the morning of march 3 , 2000 , aged only 36 . eos
spearheaded a deserved 7 - 5 victory , and Sandra_Schmirler secured the gold medal for Canada . The year after Sandra_Schmirler Olympic triumph , Sandra_Schmirler was diagnosed with oesophageal cancer , of which Sandra_Schmirler died on the morning of march 3 , 2000 , aged only 36 . In 2000 , Sandra_Schmirler was awarded the Saskatchewan Order of Merit . eos
secured the gold medal for Canada . The year after Sandra_Schmirler Olympic triumph , Sandra_Schmirler was diagnosed with oesophageal cancer , of which Sandra_Schmirler died on the morning of march 3 , 2000 , aged only 36 . In 2000 , Sandra_Schmirler was awarded the Saskatchewan Order of Merit . eos
Olympic triumph , Sandra_Schmirler was diagnosed with oesophageal cancer , of which Sandra_Schmirler died on the morning of march 3 , 2000 , aged only 36 . In 2000 , Sandra_Schmirler was awarded the Saskatchewan Order of Merit . Sandra_Schmirler was the first posthumous appointment . eos
was diagnosed with oesophageal cancer , of which Sandra_Schmirler died on the morning of march 3 , 2000 , aged only 36 . In 2000 , Sandra_Schmirler was awarded the Saskatchewan Order of Merit . Sandra_Schmirler was the first posthumous appointment . eos
died on the morning of march 3 , 2000 , aged only 36 . In 2000 , Sandra_Schmirler was awarded the Saskatchewan Order of Merit . Sandra_Schmirler was the first posthumous appointment . eos
was awarded the Saskatchewan Order of Merit . Sandra_Schmirler was the first posthumous appointment . eos
was the first posthumous appointment . eos
( May 1 1852 - october 17 1934 ) was a Spanish histologist , physician , and Nobel laureate . Santiago_Ramon_y_Cajal is considered to be one of the founders of modern neuroscience . eos
is considered to be one of the founders of modern neuroscience . eos
, OC , OBC ( born january 28 , 1968 ) is a Canadian musician , singer and songwriter . Sarah_McLachlan founded Lilith Fair , a tour which showcased female musicians in the late 1990s . Known for the emotional sound of Sarah_McLachlan ballads , some of Sarah_McLachlan popular songs include ` ` Angel '' , ` ` Building a Mystery '' , ` ` Adia '' , ` ` Possession '' , ` ` I Will Remember You '' , ` ` World on Fire '' , and ` ` Into the Fire '' . Sarah_McLachlan best - selling album to date is Surfacing , for which Sarah_McLachlan won two Grammy Awards and four Juno Awards . eos
founded Lilith Fair , a tour which showcased female musicians in the late 1990s . Known for the emotional sound of Sarah_McLachlan ballads , some of Sarah_McLachlan popular songs include ` ` Angel '' , ` ` Building a Mystery '' , ` ` Adia '' , ` ` Possession '' , ` ` I Will Remember You '' , ` ` World on Fire '' , and ` ` Into the Fire '' . Sarah_McLachlan best - selling album to date is Surfacing , for which Sarah_McLachlan won two Grammy Awards and four Juno Awards . eos
ballads , some of Sarah_McLachlan popular songs include ` ` Angel '' , ` ` Building a Mystery '' , ` ` Adia '' , ` ` Possession '' , ` ` I Will Remember You '' , ` ` World on Fire '' , and ` ` Into the Fire '' . Sarah_McLachlan best - selling album to date is Surfacing , for which Sarah_McLachlan won two Grammy Awards and four Juno Awards . eos
popular songs include ` ` Angel '' , ` ` Building a Mystery '' , ` ` Adia '' , ` ` Possession '' , ` ` I Will Remember You '' , ` ` World on Fire '' , and ` ` Into the Fire '' . Sarah_McLachlan best - selling album to date is Surfacing , for which Sarah_McLachlan won two Grammy Awards and four Juno Awards . eos
best - selling album to date is Surfacing , for which Sarah_McLachlan won two Grammy Awards and four Juno Awards . eos
won two Grammy Awards and four Juno Awards . eos
( born in 1949 ) , is a Palestinian professor of philosophy and president of the Al - Quds University in Jerusalem ( Al Quds is the Arabic name for Jerusalem ) . Sari_Nusseibeh was also , until december 2002 , the representative of the Palestinian National Authority in Jerusalem . eos
was also , until december 2002 , the representative of the Palestinian National Authority in Jerusalem . Sari_Nusseibeh was born in Sheikh Jarrah , East Jerusalem to the politician Anwar Nusseibeh and Nuzha Al Ghussein , descended from Palestine 's wealthy landed aristocracy and daughter of Palestinian political leader Yaqub al - Ghusayn . Sari_Nusseibeh has a PhD in Philosophy , from Harvard University ( 1978 ) . eos
was born in Sheikh Jarrah , East Jerusalem to the politician Anwar Nusseibeh and Nuzha Al Ghussein , descended from Palestine 's wealthy landed aristocracy and daughter of Palestinian political leader Yaqub al - Ghusayn . Sari_Nusseibeh has a PhD in Philosophy , from Harvard University ( 1978 ) . Sari_Nusseibeh and Ami Ayalon are the co - founders of The People 's Voice , an Israeli - Palestinian civil initiative that aims to advance the process of achieving peace between Israel and the Palestinians . eos
has a PhD in Philosophy , from Harvard University ( 1978 ) . Sari_Nusseibeh and Ami Ayalon are the co - founders of The People 's Voice , an Israeli - Palestinian civil initiative that aims to advance the process of achieving peace between Israel and the Palestinians . Sari_Nusseibeh is head and founder of the Palestinian Consultancy Group , co - founder and member of several Palestinian institutions including the Jerusalem Friends of the Sick Society , the Federation of Employees in the Education Sector in the West Bank , the Arab Council for Public Affairs , the Committee Confronting the Iron Fist , and the Jerusalem Arab Council . eos
and Ami Ayalon are the co - founders of The People 's Voice , an Israeli - Palestinian civil initiative that aims to advance the process of achieving peace between Israel and the Palestinians . Sari_Nusseibeh is head and founder of the Palestinian Consultancy Group , co - founder and member of several Palestinian institutions including the Jerusalem Friends of the Sick Society , the Federation of Employees in the Education Sector in the West Bank , the Arab Council for Public Affairs , the Committee Confronting the Iron Fist , and the Jerusalem Arab Council . Sari_Nusseibeh is also on the advisory board of The International Center for Ethics , Justice and Public Life at Brandeis University . eos
is head and founder of the Palestinian Consultancy Group , co - founder and member of several Palestinian institutions including the Jerusalem Friends of the Sick Society , the Federation of Employees in the Education Sector in the West Bank , the Arab Council for Public Affairs , the Committee Confronting the Iron Fist , and the Jerusalem Arab Council . Sari_Nusseibeh is also on the advisory board of The International Center for Ethics , Justice and Public Life at Brandeis University . Sari_Nusseibeh publications include numerous articles and , with Mark Heller , No Trumpets , No Drums : A Two - State Solution of the Israeli - Palestinian Conflict , New York : Hill & amp ; Wand , 1991 . eos
is also on the advisory board of The International Center for Ethics , Justice and Public Life at Brandeis University . Sari_Nusseibeh publications include numerous articles and , with Mark Heller , No Trumpets , No Drums : A Two - State Solution of the Israeli - Palestinian Conflict , New York : Hill & amp ; Wand , 1991 . eos
publications include numerous articles and , with Mark Heller , No Trumpets , No Drums : A Two - State Solution of the Israeli - Palestinian Conflict , New York : Hill & amp ; Wand , 1991 . eos
, OC ( born august 28 , 1965 ) is a Canadian singer and songwriter Shania_Twain has enjoyed popular success in the country and pop music genres . Shania_Twain third album Come on Over is the biggest - selling album of all time by a female artist , and the seventh biggest selling album in music history , and Shania_Twain is the only female artist to have three albums certified Diamond by the RIAA . Shania_Twain is also the recipient of numerous awards , including five Grammy awards and nearly forty BMI Songwriter awards . eos
has enjoyed popular success in the country and pop music genres . Shania_Twain third album Come on Over is the biggest - selling album of all time by a female artist , and the seventh biggest selling album in music history , and Shania_Twain is the only female artist to have three albums certified Diamond by the RIAA . Shania_Twain is also the recipient of numerous awards , including five Grammy awards and nearly forty BMI Songwriter awards . eos
third album Come on Over is the biggest - selling album of all time by a female artist , and the seventh biggest selling album in music history , and Shania_Twain is the only female artist to have three albums certified Diamond by the RIAA . Shania_Twain is also the recipient of numerous awards , including five Grammy awards and nearly forty BMI Songwriter awards . Shania_Twain is married to legendary Rock producer Mutt Lange , and they have a son , Eja . eos
is the only female artist to have three albums certified Diamond by the RIAA . Shania_Twain is also the recipient of numerous awards , including five Grammy awards and nearly forty BMI Songwriter awards . Shania_Twain is married to legendary Rock producer Mutt Lange , and they have a son , Eja . eos
is also the recipient of numerous awards , including five Grammy awards and nearly forty BMI Songwriter awards . Shania_Twain is married to legendary Rock producer Mutt Lange , and they have a son , Eja . Currently , Shania_Twain and Shania_Twain family reside between Switzerland and New Zealand . eos
is married to legendary Rock producer Mutt Lange , and they have a son , Eja . Currently , Shania_Twain and Shania_Twain family reside between Switzerland and New Zealand . eos
and Shania_Twain family reside between Switzerland and New Zealand . eos
family reside between Switzerland and New Zealand . eos
( 石原 慎太郎 , Ishihara Shintarō ) , born september 30 , 1932 is the governor of Tokyo , Japan , and one of Japan 's most widely known nationalist and populist politicians . Before entering politics , Shintaro_Ishihara was famous as an author . eos
was famous as an author . eos
( "" Persian : شیرین عبادی "" ; born 21 june 1947 ) is an Iranian lawyer , human rights activist and founder of the Association for Support of Children 's Rights in Iran . On december 10 , 2003 , Shirin_Ebadi was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for Shirin_Ebadi significant and pioneering efforts for democracy and human rights , especially for the rights of women and children . Shirin_Ebadi is the first Iranian and the first Muslim woman to receive the prize . eos
was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for Shirin_Ebadi significant and pioneering efforts for democracy and human rights , especially for the rights of women and children . Shirin_Ebadi is the first Iranian and the first Muslim woman to receive the prize . eos
significant and pioneering efforts for democracy and human rights , especially for the rights of women and children . Shirin_Ebadi is the first Iranian and the first Muslim woman to receive the prize . eos
is the first Iranian and the first Muslim woman to receive the prize . eos
( May 6 , 1856 - september 23 , 1939 ; IPA pronunciation : IPA : ˈziːkmʊnt ˈfrɔʏt ) was an Austrian neurologist and the founder of the psychoanalytic school of psychology . Sigmund_Freud is best known for Sigmund_Freud theories of the unconscious mind , especially involving the mechanism of repression ; Sigmund_Freud redefinition of sexual desire as mobile and directed towards a wide variety of objects ; and Sigmund_Freud therapeutic technique , especially Sigmund_Freud understanding of transference in the therapeutic relationship and the presumed value of dreams as sources of insight into unconscious desires . eos
is best known for Sigmund_Freud theories of the unconscious mind , especially involving the mechanism of repression ; Sigmund_Freud redefinition of sexual desire as mobile and directed towards a wide variety of objects ; and Sigmund_Freud therapeutic technique , especially Sigmund_Freud understanding of transference in the therapeutic relationship and the presumed value of dreams as sources of insight into unconscious desires . The name Freud is generally pronounced IPA : fɹɔɪd in English and IPA : frɔʏt in German . Sigmund_Freud is commonly referred to as ` ` the father of psychoanalysis '' and Sigmund_Freud work has been tremendously influential in the popular imagination - popularizing such notions as the unconscious , defense mechanisms , Freudian slips and dream symbolism - while also making a long - lasting impact on fields as diverse as literature , film , Marxist and feminist theories , literary criticism , philosophy and psychology . eos
theories of the unconscious mind , especially involving the mechanism of repression ; Sigmund_Freud redefinition of sexual desire as mobile and directed towards a wide variety of objects ; and Sigmund_Freud therapeutic technique , especially Sigmund_Freud understanding of transference in the therapeutic relationship and the presumed value of dreams as sources of insight into unconscious desires . The name Freud is generally pronounced IPA : fɹɔɪd in English and IPA : frɔʏt in German . Sigmund_Freud is commonly referred to as ` ` the father of psychoanalysis '' and Sigmund_Freud work has been tremendously influential in the popular imagination - popularizing such notions as the unconscious , defense mechanisms , Freudian slips and dream symbolism - while also making a long - lasting impact on fields as diverse as literature , film , Marxist and feminist theories , literary criticism , philosophy and psychology . eos
redefinition of sexual desire as mobile and directed towards a wide variety of objects ; and Sigmund_Freud therapeutic technique , especially Sigmund_Freud understanding of transference in the therapeutic relationship and the presumed value of dreams as sources of insight into unconscious desires . The name Freud is generally pronounced IPA : fɹɔɪd in English and IPA : frɔʏt in German . Sigmund_Freud is commonly referred to as ` ` the father of psychoanalysis '' and Sigmund_Freud work has been tremendously influential in the popular imagination - popularizing such notions as the unconscious , defense mechanisms , Freudian slips and dream symbolism - while also making a long - lasting impact on fields as diverse as literature , film , Marxist and feminist theories , literary criticism , philosophy and psychology . eos
therapeutic technique , especially Sigmund_Freud understanding of transference in the therapeutic relationship and the presumed value of dreams as sources of insight into unconscious desires . The name Freud is generally pronounced IPA : fɹɔɪd in English and IPA : frɔʏt in German . Sigmund_Freud is commonly referred to as ` ` the father of psychoanalysis '' and Sigmund_Freud work has been tremendously influential in the popular imagination - popularizing such notions as the unconscious , defense mechanisms , Freudian slips and dream symbolism - while also making a long - lasting impact on fields as diverse as literature , film , Marxist and feminist theories , literary criticism , philosophy and psychology . eos
understanding of transference in the therapeutic relationship and the presumed value of dreams as sources of insight into unconscious desires . The name Freud is generally pronounced IPA : fɹɔɪd in English and IPA : frɔʏt in German . Sigmund_Freud is commonly referred to as ` ` the father of psychoanalysis '' and Sigmund_Freud work has been tremendously influential in the popular imagination - popularizing such notions as the unconscious , defense mechanisms , Freudian slips and dream symbolism - while also making a long - lasting impact on fields as diverse as literature , film , Marxist and feminist theories , literary criticism , philosophy and psychology . eos
is commonly referred to as ` ` the father of psychoanalysis '' and Sigmund_Freud work has been tremendously influential in the popular imagination - popularizing such notions as the unconscious , defense mechanisms , Freudian slips and dream symbolism - while also making a long - lasting impact on fields as diverse as literature , film , Marxist and feminist theories , literary criticism , philosophy and psychology . eos
work has been tremendously influential in the popular imagination - popularizing such notions as the unconscious , defense mechanisms , Freudian slips and dream symbolism - while also making a long - lasting impact on fields as diverse as literature , film , Marxist and feminist theories , literary criticism , philosophy and psychology . eos
( Greek : Σωκράτης , invariably anglicized as "" IPA : "" sɔkɹətiːz "" "" , Sǒcratēs ; 470 - 399 BC ) was an ancient Greek philosopher Socrates is widely credited for laying the foundation for Western philosophy . eos
is widely credited for laying the foundation for Western philosophy . Socrates was born and lived in Athens , where Socrates spent most of Socrates time in enthusiastic pursuit of wisdom ( philosophy ) . Socrates ` ` followed the argument '' in Socrates personal reflection , and in a sustained and rigorous dialogue between friends , followers , and contemporary itinerant teachers of wisdom . eos
was born and lived in Athens , where Socrates spent most of Socrates time in enthusiastic pursuit of wisdom ( philosophy ) . Socrates ` ` followed the argument '' in Socrates personal reflection , and in a sustained and rigorous dialogue between friends , followers , and contemporary itinerant teachers of wisdom . Later in Socrates life Socrates became known as the wisest man in all of Greece . eos
spent most of Socrates time in enthusiastic pursuit of wisdom ( philosophy ) . Socrates ` ` followed the argument '' in Socrates personal reflection , and in a sustained and rigorous dialogue between friends , followers , and contemporary itinerant teachers of wisdom . Later in Socrates life Socrates became known as the wisest man in all of Greece . eos
time in enthusiastic pursuit of wisdom ( philosophy ) . Socrates ` ` followed the argument '' in Socrates personal reflection , and in a sustained and rigorous dialogue between friends , followers , and contemporary itinerant teachers of wisdom . Later in Socrates life Socrates became known as the wisest man in all of Greece . eos
` ` followed the argument '' in Socrates personal reflection , and in a sustained and rigorous dialogue between friends , followers , and contemporary itinerant teachers of wisdom . Later in Socrates life Socrates became known as the wisest man in all of Greece . Opinions about Socrates were widely polarized , drawing very high praise or very severe ridicule . eos
personal reflection , and in a sustained and rigorous dialogue between friends , followers , and contemporary itinerant teachers of wisdom . Later in Socrates life Socrates became known as the wisest man in all of Greece . Opinions about Socrates were widely polarized , drawing very high praise or very severe ridicule . eos
life Socrates became known as the wisest man in all of Greece . Opinions about Socrates were widely polarized , drawing very high praise or very severe ridicule . Socrates had many devoted followers ( such as Plato ) , and many angry detractors . eos
became known as the wisest man in all of Greece . Opinions about Socrates were widely polarized , drawing very high praise or very severe ridicule . Socrates had many devoted followers ( such as Plato ) , and many angry detractors . eos
were widely polarized , drawing very high praise or very severe ridicule . Socrates had many devoted followers ( such as Plato ) , and many angry detractors . As an old man , Socrates fell into grave disrepute with the Athenian state powers , and Socrates was commanded to stop Socrates public disputes , and Socrates associations with young aristocrats . eos
had many devoted followers ( such as Plato ) , and many angry detractors . As an old man , Socrates fell into grave disrepute with the Athenian state powers , and Socrates was commanded to stop Socrates public disputes , and Socrates associations with young aristocrats . Socrates carried on as usual . eos
fell into grave disrepute with the Athenian state powers , and Socrates was commanded to stop Socrates public disputes , and Socrates associations with young aristocrats . Socrates carried on as usual . Finally , Socrates was arrested and accused of corrupting the youth , inventing new deities ( heresy ) , and disbelieving in the divine ( atheism ) . eos
was commanded to stop Socrates public disputes , and Socrates associations with young aristocrats . Socrates carried on as usual . Finally , Socrates was arrested and accused of corrupting the youth , inventing new deities ( heresy ) , and disbelieving in the divine ( atheism ) . eos
public disputes , and Socrates associations with young aristocrats . Socrates carried on as usual . Finally , Socrates was arrested and accused of corrupting the youth , inventing new deities ( heresy ) , and disbelieving in the divine ( atheism ) . eos
associations with young aristocrats . Socrates carried on as usual . Finally , Socrates was arrested and accused of corrupting the youth , inventing new deities ( heresy ) , and disbelieving in the divine ( atheism ) . eos
carried on as usual . Finally , Socrates was arrested and accused of corrupting the youth , inventing new deities ( heresy ) , and disbelieving in the divine ( atheism ) . According to traditional accounts , Socrates was sentenced to die by drinking poison . eos
was arrested and accused of corrupting the youth , inventing new deities ( heresy ) , and disbelieving in the divine ( atheism ) . According to traditional accounts , Socrates was sentenced to die by drinking poison . Presented with an opportunity to leave Athens , Socrates believed it would be more honorable to stay in Socrates home country . eos
was sentenced to die by drinking poison . Presented with an opportunity to leave Athens , Socrates believed it would be more honorable to stay in Socrates home country . Therefore , at the age of 70 , Socrates drank the hemlock and Socrates died . eos
believed it would be more honorable to stay in Socrates home country . Therefore , at the age of 70 , Socrates drank the hemlock and Socrates died . eos
home country . Therefore , at the age of 70 , Socrates drank the hemlock and Socrates died . eos
drank the hemlock and Socrates died . eos
died . eos
( november 29 , 1949 - june 2 , 1983 ) was a Canadian folk musician and songwriter . Stan_Rogers was noted for Stan_Rogers rich , baritone voice and Stan_Rogers finely - crafted , traditional - sounding songs which were frequently inspired by Canadian history and the daily lives of working people , especially those from the fishing villages of the Maritime provinces and , later , the farms of the Canadian prairies . Stan_Rogers died in an airliner accident on the ground at the Greater Cincinnati Airport at the age of 33 . eos
was noted for Stan_Rogers rich , baritone voice and Stan_Rogers finely - crafted , traditional - sounding songs which were frequently inspired by Canadian history and the daily lives of working people , especially those from the fishing villages of the Maritime provinces and , later , the farms of the Canadian prairies . Stan_Rogers died in an airliner accident on the ground at the Greater Cincinnati Airport at the age of 33 . A larger - than - life figure , Stan_Rogers influence on Canadian folk music has been deep and lasting . eos
rich , baritone voice and Stan_Rogers finely - crafted , traditional - sounding songs which were frequently inspired by Canadian history and the daily lives of working people , especially those from the fishing villages of the Maritime provinces and , later , the farms of the Canadian prairies . Stan_Rogers died in an airliner accident on the ground at the Greater Cincinnati Airport at the age of 33 . A larger - than - life figure , Stan_Rogers influence on Canadian folk music has been deep and lasting . eos
finely - crafted , traditional - sounding songs which were frequently inspired by Canadian history and the daily lives of working people , especially those from the fishing villages of the Maritime provinces and , later , the farms of the Canadian prairies . Stan_Rogers died in an airliner accident on the ground at the Greater Cincinnati Airport at the age of 33 . A larger - than - life figure , Stan_Rogers influence on Canadian folk music has been deep and lasting . eos
died in an airliner accident on the ground at the Greater Cincinnati Airport at the age of 33 . A larger - than - life figure , Stan_Rogers influence on Canadian folk music has been deep and lasting . eos
influence on Canadian folk music has been deep and lasting . eos
( Old Church Slavonic : Стѣфань , Serbian : Стефан Немања ) eos
was Grand Prince ( Serbian : Велики Жупан ) of the medieval Serb state of Rascia ( Рашка ) in 1168 - 1196 . Stefan_Nemanja established control over the territories of neighboring Serb states , including Zeta / Doclea , and Stefan_Nemanja unified them into a single state . eos
established control over the territories of neighboring Serb states , including Zeta / Doclea , and Stefan_Nemanja unified them into a single state . Stefan_Nemanja founded the Nemanjić dynasty and Stefan_Nemanja became an Orthodox Saint ( Symeon ) after numerous miracles following Stefan_Nemanja death . eos
unified them into a single state . Stefan_Nemanja founded the Nemanjić dynasty and Stefan_Nemanja became an Orthodox Saint ( Symeon ) after numerous miracles following Stefan_Nemanja death . eos
founded the Nemanjić dynasty and Stefan_Nemanja became an Orthodox Saint ( Symeon ) after numerous miracles following Stefan_Nemanja death . eos
became an Orthodox Saint ( Symeon ) after numerous miracles following Stefan_Nemanja death . eos
death . eos
, CH , CBE , FRS ( born 8 january 1942 ) is a theoretical physicist . Stephen_Hawking is the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge , and a Fellow of Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge . Stephen_Hawking is known for Stephen_Hawking significant contributions to the field of quantum physics , particularly Stephen_Hawking theories regarding theoretical cosmology , quantum gravity , black holes , and Stephen_Hawking popular works in which Stephen_Hawking discusses Stephen_Hawking own theories and cosmology in general . eos
is the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge , and a Fellow of Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge . Stephen_Hawking is known for Stephen_Hawking significant contributions to the field of quantum physics , particularly Stephen_Hawking theories regarding theoretical cosmology , quantum gravity , black holes , and Stephen_Hawking popular works in which Stephen_Hawking discusses Stephen_Hawking own theories and cosmology in general . These include the runaway popular science bestseller A Brief History of Time , which stayed on the London Sunday Times bestseller list for a record - breaking 237 weeks . eos
is known for Stephen_Hawking significant contributions to the field of quantum physics , particularly Stephen_Hawking theories regarding theoretical cosmology , quantum gravity , black holes , and Stephen_Hawking popular works in which Stephen_Hawking discusses Stephen_Hawking own theories and cosmology in general . These include the runaway popular science bestseller A Brief History of Time , which stayed on the London Sunday Times bestseller list for a record - breaking 237 weeks . Despite enduring severe disability and , of late , being rendered quadriplegic by motor neuron disease ( specifically , amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or , ` ` Lou Gehrig 's Disease '' ) , Stephen_Hawking has had a successful career for many years , and Stephen_Hawking has achieved status as an academic celebrity . eos
significant contributions to the field of quantum physics , particularly Stephen_Hawking theories regarding theoretical cosmology , quantum gravity , black holes , and Stephen_Hawking popular works in which Stephen_Hawking discusses Stephen_Hawking own theories and cosmology in general . These include the runaway popular science bestseller A Brief History of Time , which stayed on the London Sunday Times bestseller list for a record - breaking 237 weeks . Despite enduring severe disability and , of late , being rendered quadriplegic by motor neuron disease ( specifically , amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or , ` ` Lou Gehrig 's Disease '' ) , Stephen_Hawking has had a successful career for many years , and Stephen_Hawking has achieved status as an academic celebrity . eos
theories regarding theoretical cosmology , quantum gravity , black holes , and Stephen_Hawking popular works in which Stephen_Hawking discusses Stephen_Hawking own theories and cosmology in general . These include the runaway popular science bestseller A Brief History of Time , which stayed on the London Sunday Times bestseller list for a record - breaking 237 weeks . Despite enduring severe disability and , of late , being rendered quadriplegic by motor neuron disease ( specifically , amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or , ` ` Lou Gehrig 's Disease '' ) , Stephen_Hawking has had a successful career for many years , and Stephen_Hawking has achieved status as an academic celebrity . eos
popular works in which Stephen_Hawking discusses Stephen_Hawking own theories and cosmology in general . These include the runaway popular science bestseller A Brief History of Time , which stayed on the London Sunday Times bestseller list for a record - breaking 237 weeks . Despite enduring severe disability and , of late , being rendered quadriplegic by motor neuron disease ( specifically , amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or , ` ` Lou Gehrig 's Disease '' ) , Stephen_Hawking has had a successful career for many years , and Stephen_Hawking has achieved status as an academic celebrity . eos
discusses Stephen_Hawking own theories and cosmology in general . These include the runaway popular science bestseller A Brief History of Time , which stayed on the London Sunday Times bestseller list for a record - breaking 237 weeks . Despite enduring severe disability and , of late , being rendered quadriplegic by motor neuron disease ( specifically , amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or , ` ` Lou Gehrig 's Disease '' ) , Stephen_Hawking has had a successful career for many years , and Stephen_Hawking has achieved status as an academic celebrity . eos
own theories and cosmology in general . These include the runaway popular science bestseller A Brief History of Time , which stayed on the London Sunday Times bestseller list for a record - breaking 237 weeks . Despite enduring severe disability and , of late , being rendered quadriplegic by motor neuron disease ( specifically , amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or , ` ` Lou Gehrig 's Disease '' ) , Stephen_Hawking has had a successful career for many years , and Stephen_Hawking has achieved status as an academic celebrity . eos
has achieved status as an academic celebrity . Stephen_Hawking is considered by most as one of the greatest scientists in modern times . eos
has had a successful career for many years , and Stephen_Hawking has achieved status as an academic celebrity . Stephen_Hawking is considered by most as one of the greatest scientists in modern times . eos
is considered by most as one of the greatest scientists in modern times . eos
CBE ( born on 23 march , 1962 , in Marlow , England ) is a British rower Steve_Redgrave won a gold medal at five consecutive Olympic Games from 1984 to 2000 , as well as an additional bronze medal in 1988 . As the only Briton ever to achieve this feat , Steve_Redgrave is widely considered to be Britain 's greatest Olympian . eos
won a gold medal at five consecutive Olympic Games from 1984 to 2000 , as well as an additional bronze medal in 1988 . As the only Briton ever to achieve this feat , Steve_Redgrave is widely considered to be Britain 's greatest Olympian . Only four other Olympians achieved the same : Pál Kovács , Aladár Gerevich , Reiner Klimke , and Birgit Fischer , and only one of those in an ` ` endurance '' event . eos
is widely considered to be Britain 's greatest Olympian . Only four other Olympians achieved the same : Pál Kovács , Aladár Gerevich , Reiner Klimke , and Birgit Fischer , and only one of those in an ` ` endurance '' event . Steve_Redgrave also won a bronze medal with Andy Holmes in the coxed pairs in 1988 . eos
also won a bronze medal with Andy Holmes in the coxed pairs in 1988 . Steve_Redgrave has won nine Rowing World Championship gold medals . Even by rowing standards , Steve_Redgrave is a big , powerful man . eos
has won nine Rowing World Championship gold medals . Even by rowing standards , Steve_Redgrave is a big , powerful man . Steve_Redgrave stands 6 ft 5 inches , nearly 2 metres . eos
is a big , powerful man . Steve_Redgrave stands 6 ft 5 inches , nearly 2 metres . In Steve_Redgrave prime , Steve_Redgrave weighed more than 100 kg . eos
stands 6 ft 5 inches , nearly 2 metres . In Steve_Redgrave prime , Steve_Redgrave weighed more than 100 kg . Steve_Redgrave rowed very fast times on the indoor rowing machine and Steve_Redgrave once won the World Championship for Indoor Rowing . eos
prime , Steve_Redgrave weighed more than 100 kg . Steve_Redgrave rowed very fast times on the indoor rowing machine and Steve_Redgrave once won the World Championship for Indoor Rowing . Steve_Redgrave was also a world class single sculler winning the British National Championship numerous times , but not quite a world champion class single sculler . eos
weighed more than 100 kg . Steve_Redgrave rowed very fast times on the indoor rowing machine and Steve_Redgrave once won the World Championship for Indoor Rowing . Steve_Redgrave was also a world class single sculler winning the British National Championship numerous times , but not quite a world champion class single sculler . eos
rowed very fast times on the indoor rowing machine and Steve_Redgrave once won the World Championship for Indoor Rowing . Steve_Redgrave was also a world class single sculler winning the British National Championship numerous times , but not quite a world champion class single sculler . Steve_Redgrave is best remembered , however , for rowing in sweep boats . eos
once won the World Championship for Indoor Rowing . Steve_Redgrave was also a world class single sculler winning the British National Championship numerous times , but not quite a world champion class single sculler . Steve_Redgrave is best remembered , however , for rowing in sweep boats . eos
was also a world class single sculler winning the British National Championship numerous times , but not quite a world champion class single sculler . Steve_Redgrave is best remembered , however , for rowing in sweep boats . Steve_Redgrave excelled in rowing with others , and when teamed with similarly gifted rowers , Steve_Redgrave results were extraordinary . eos
is best remembered , however , for rowing in sweep boats . Steve_Redgrave excelled in rowing with others , and when teamed with similarly gifted rowers , Steve_Redgrave results were extraordinary . But what set Steve_Redgrave and Steve_Redgrave compatriots apart from their international brethren was not their dominance , but their consistency . eos
excelled in rowing with others , and when teamed with similarly gifted rowers , Steve_Redgrave results were extraordinary . But what set Steve_Redgrave and Steve_Redgrave compatriots apart from their international brethren was not their dominance , but their consistency . They were exceptionally talented , but so were their competitors . eos
results were extraordinary . But what set Steve_Redgrave and Steve_Redgrave compatriots apart from their international brethren was not their dominance , but their consistency . They were exceptionally talented , but so were their competitors . eos
and Steve_Redgrave compatriots apart from their international brethren was not their dominance , but their consistency . They were exceptionally talented , but so were their competitors . Steve_Redgrave boats did not win their races easily : Most were hard fought and won by small margins . eos
compatriots apart from their international brethren was not their dominance , but their consistency . They were exceptionally talented , but so were their competitors . Steve_Redgrave boats did not win their races easily : Most were hard fought and won by small margins . eos
boats did not win their races easily : Most were hard fought and won by small margins . Four of Steve_Redgrave five Olympic victories were by less than 2 seconds . But race after race , year in and year out , Steve_Redgrave could be found at the top of the medal podium . eos
five Olympic victories were by less than 2 seconds . But race after race , year in and year out , Steve_Redgrave could be found at the top of the medal podium . Steve_Redgrave feats in the last four years of Steve_Redgrave career are even more outstanding when taking into account that Steve_Redgrave was suffering from ulcerative colitis and , since 1997 , diabetes . eos
could be found at the top of the medal podium . Steve_Redgrave feats in the last four years of Steve_Redgrave career are even more outstanding when taking into account that Steve_Redgrave was suffering from ulcerative colitis and , since 1997 , diabetes . These ailments caused unforeseeable bouts of fatigue when rowing . eos
feats in the last four years of Steve_Redgrave career are even more outstanding when taking into account that Steve_Redgrave was suffering from ulcerative colitis and , since 1997 , diabetes . These ailments caused unforeseeable bouts of fatigue when rowing . In addition to Steve_Redgrave Olympic medals , Steve_Redgrave won 10 gold medals , 2 Silvers and a Bronze at the Rowing World Championships . eos
career are even more outstanding when taking into account that Steve_Redgrave was suffering from ulcerative colitis and , since 1997 , diabetes . These ailments caused unforeseeable bouts of fatigue when rowing . In addition to Steve_Redgrave Olympic medals , Steve_Redgrave won 10 gold medals , 2 Silvers and a Bronze at the Rowing World Championships . eos
was suffering from ulcerative colitis and , since 1997 , diabetes . These ailments caused unforeseeable bouts of fatigue when rowing . In addition to Steve_Redgrave Olympic medals , Steve_Redgrave won 10 gold medals , 2 Silvers and a Bronze at the Rowing World Championships . eos
Olympic medals , Steve_Redgrave won 10 gold medals , 2 Silvers and a Bronze at the Rowing World Championships . Steve_Redgrave 15 total Olympic and World Championship gold medals is unsurpassed by any other rower in history . eos
won 10 gold medals , 2 Silvers and a Bronze at the Rowing World Championships . Steve_Redgrave 15 total Olympic and World Championship gold medals is unsurpassed by any other rower in history . eos
15 total Olympic and World Championship gold medals is unsurpassed by any other rower in history . Steve_Redgrave was an outstanding competitor at the Henley Royal Regatta , winning at least 13 times . eos
was an outstanding competitor at the Henley Royal Regatta , winning at least 13 times . ( Diamond Scull , 1983 , 1985 , Double Sculls Challenge Cup 1981 , 1982 , the Silver Goblets & amp ; Nickalls Cup , 1986 , 1987 , 1989 , 1991 , 1993 , 1994 and 1995 , and the Steward 's Cup 1997 and 1998 ) . In 1989/1990 Steve_Redgrave was a member of the British bobsleigh team . eos
was a member of the British bobsleigh team . In 2000 , Steve_Redgrave won Steve_Redgrave fifth consecutive Olympic Gold Medal , and Steve_Redgrave retired as one of the greatest rowers of all time and Steve_Redgrave became the BBC Sports Personality of the Year . Steve_Redgrave made an MBE in 1987 , CBE in 1997 and knighted in 2001 . eos
won Steve_Redgrave fifth consecutive Olympic Gold Medal , and Steve_Redgrave retired as one of the greatest rowers of all time and Steve_Redgrave became the BBC Sports Personality of the Year . Steve_Redgrave made an MBE in 1987 , CBE in 1997 and knighted in 2001 . In 2002 , Steve_Redgrave achievement of winning gold medals at five consecutive Olympic games was voted the greatest sporting moment in Channel 4 's 100 Greatest Sporting Moments . eos
fifth consecutive Olympic Gold Medal , and Steve_Redgrave retired as one of the greatest rowers of all time and Steve_Redgrave became the BBC Sports Personality of the Year . Steve_Redgrave made an MBE in 1987 , CBE in 1997 and knighted in 2001 . In 2002 , Steve_Redgrave achievement of winning gold medals at five consecutive Olympic games was voted the greatest sporting moment in Channel 4 's 100 Greatest Sporting Moments . eos
retired as one of the greatest rowers of all time and Steve_Redgrave became the BBC Sports Personality of the Year . Steve_Redgrave made an MBE in 1987 , CBE in 1997 and knighted in 2001 . In 2002 , Steve_Redgrave achievement of winning gold medals at five consecutive Olympic games was voted the greatest sporting moment in Channel 4 's 100 Greatest Sporting Moments . eos
became the BBC Sports Personality of the Year . Steve_Redgrave made an MBE in 1987 , CBE in 1997 and knighted in 2001 . In 2002 , Steve_Redgrave achievement of winning gold medals at five consecutive Olympic games was voted the greatest sporting moment in Channel 4 's 100 Greatest Sporting Moments . eos
made an MBE in 1987 , CBE in 1997 and knighted in 2001 . In 2002 , Steve_Redgrave achievement of winning gold medals at five consecutive Olympic games was voted the greatest sporting moment in Channel 4 's 100 Greatest Sporting Moments . In april 2006 Steve_Redgrave completed Steve_Redgrave third London Marathon , raising over £ 1,000,000 for charity . eos
achievement of winning gold medals at five consecutive Olympic games was voted the greatest sporting moment in Channel 4 's 100 Greatest Sporting Moments . In april 2006 Steve_Redgrave completed Steve_Redgrave third London Marathon , raising over £ 1,000,000 for charity . Steve_Redgrave is a supporter of Chelsea FC . eos
completed Steve_Redgrave third London Marathon , raising over £ 1,000,000 for charity . Steve_Redgrave is a supporter of Chelsea FC . eos
third London Marathon , raising over £ 1,000,000 for charity . Steve_Redgrave is a supporter of Chelsea FC . eos
is a supporter of Chelsea FC . eos
( born september 18 1954 , in Montreal , Canada ) is a prominent American experimental psychologist , cognitive scientist , and popular science writer known for Steven_Pinker spirited and wide - ranging advocacy of evolutionary psychology and the computational theory of mind . Steven_Pinker academic specializations are visual cognition and language development in children , and Steven_Pinker is most famous for popularising the idea that language is an ` ` instinct '' or biological adaptation shaped by natural selection rather than a by - product of general intelligence . Steven_Pinker four for a general audience - eos
spirited and wide - ranging advocacy of evolutionary psychology and the computational theory of mind . Steven_Pinker academic specializations are visual cognition and language development in children , and Steven_Pinker is most famous for popularising the idea that language is an ` ` instinct '' or biological adaptation shaped by natural selection rather than a by - product of general intelligence . Steven_Pinker four for a general audience - eos
academic specializations are visual cognition and language development in children , and Steven_Pinker is most famous for popularising the idea that language is an ` ` instinct '' or biological adaptation shaped by natural selection rather than a by - product of general intelligence . Steven_Pinker four for a general audience - The Language Instinct , How the Mind Works , Words and Rules and The Blank Slate - have won numerous awards . eos
is most famous for popularising the idea that language is an ` ` instinct '' or biological adaptation shaped by natural selection rather than a by - product of general intelligence . Steven_Pinker four for a general audience - The Language Instinct , How the Mind Works , Words and Rules and The Blank Slate - have won numerous awards . eos
four for a general audience - The Language Instinct , How the Mind Works , Words and Rules and The Blank Slate - have won numerous awards . eos
( born May 3 , 1933 ) is an American physicist . Steven_Weinberg was awarded the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physics ( with colleagues Abdus Salam and Sheldon Glashow ) for combining electromagnetism and the weak force into the electroweak force . More recently , Steven_Weinberg has written some papers arguing that the smallness of the cosmological constant is due to the anthropic principle . eos
was awarded the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physics ( with colleagues Abdus Salam and Sheldon Glashow ) for combining electromagnetism and the weak force into the electroweak force . More recently , Steven_Weinberg has written some papers arguing that the smallness of the cosmological constant is due to the anthropic principle . eos
has written some papers arguing that the smallness of the cosmological constant is due to the anthropic principle . eos
OC ( born february 9 , 1936 ) is one of Canada 's most prolific and well - known folk singers . eos
, CB , DSO ( august 16 , 1888 - May 19 , 1935 ) , professionally known as TE Lawrence and , later , TE Shaw , but most famously known as Lawrence of Arabia , gained international renown for T._E._Lawrence role as a British liaison officer during the Arab Revolt of 1916 to 1918 . T._E._Lawrence very public image was in some part the result of US traveller and journalist Lowell Thomas 's sensationalised reportage of the Revolt , as well as T._E._Lawrence autobiographical account , Seven Pillars of Wisdom . eos
role as a British liaison officer during the Arab Revolt of 1916 to 1918 . T._E._Lawrence very public image was in some part the result of US traveller and journalist Lowell Thomas 's sensationalised reportage of the Revolt , as well as T._E._Lawrence autobiographical account , Seven Pillars of Wisdom . eos
very public image was in some part the result of US traveller and journalist Lowell Thomas 's sensationalised reportage of the Revolt , as well as T._E._Lawrence autobiographical account , Seven Pillars of Wisdom . eos
autobiographical account , Seven Pillars of Wisdom . eos
( born 26 august 1962 in Geneva , Switzerland ) is a Swiss Muslim academic and theologian . Tariq_Ramadan advocates a reinterpretation of Islamic texts , and Tariq_Ramadan emphasizes the heterogeneous nature of Islamic society . Tariq_Ramadan believes that muslims in Europe have to establish eos
advocates a reinterpretation of Islamic texts , and Tariq_Ramadan emphasizes the heterogeneous nature of Islamic society . Tariq_Ramadan believes that muslims in Europe have to establish a new ` ` European Islam '' and Tariq_Ramadan emphasizes the necessity for their engagement in European society . eos
emphasizes the heterogeneous nature of Islamic society . Tariq_Ramadan believes that muslims in Europe have to establish a new ` ` European Islam '' and Tariq_Ramadan emphasizes the necessity for their engagement in European society . eos
believes that muslims in Europe have to establish a new ` ` European Islam '' and Tariq_Ramadan emphasizes the necessity for their engagement in European society . Tariq_Ramadan is unashamedly religious and Tariq_Ramadan believes that Islam can be a useful antidote to secularism in Europe . eos
emphasizes the necessity for their engagement in European society . Tariq_Ramadan is unashamedly religious and Tariq_Ramadan believes that Islam can be a useful antidote to secularism in Europe . eos
is unashamedly religious and Tariq_Ramadan believes that Islam can be a useful antidote to secularism in Europe . eos
believes that Islam can be a useful antidote to secularism in Europe . eos
( "" Tibetan : "" "" , Wylie : Bstan - ` dzin Rgya - mtsho "" ) ( b. july 6 1935 ) is the fourteenth and current Dalai Lama , and as such , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama is often referred to in Western media simply as the Dalai Lama , without any qualifiers . eos
is often referred to in Western media simply as the Dalai Lama , without any qualifiers . The fifth of sixteen children of a farming family in the Tibetan province of Amdo , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was proclaimed the tulku ( rebirth ) of the thirteenth Dalai Lama at the age of five . On november 17 1950 , at the age of fifteen , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was enthroned as Tibet 's Head of State and most important political ruler , while Tibet faced occupation by the forces of the People 's Republic of China . eos
was proclaimed the tulku ( rebirth ) of the thirteenth Dalai Lama at the age of five . On november 17 1950 , at the age of fifteen , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was enthroned as Tibet 's Head of State and most important political ruler , while Tibet faced occupation by the forces of the People 's Republic of China . After the collapse of the Tibetan resistance movement in 1959 , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama fled to India , where Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was active in establishing the Central Tibetan Administration ( the Tibetan government in exile ) and seeking to preserve Tibetan culture and education among the thousands of refugees who accompanied Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama . eos
was enthroned as Tibet 's Head of State and most important political ruler , while Tibet faced occupation by the forces of the People 's Republic of China . After the collapse of the Tibetan resistance movement in 1959 , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama fled to India , where Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was active in establishing the Central Tibetan Administration ( the Tibetan government in exile ) and seeking to preserve Tibetan culture and education among the thousands of refugees who accompanied Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama . A charismatic figure and noted public speaker , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama is the first Dalai Lama to travel to the West , where Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama has helped to spread Buddhism and to publicise the ideal of Free Tibet . eos
fled to India , where Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was active in establishing the Central Tibetan Administration ( the Tibetan government in exile ) and seeking to preserve Tibetan culture and education among the thousands of refugees who accompanied Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama . A charismatic figure and noted public speaker , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama is the first Dalai Lama to travel to the West , where Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama has helped to spread Buddhism and to publicise the ideal of Free Tibet . In 1989 , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize . eos
was active in establishing the Central Tibetan Administration ( the Tibetan government in exile ) and seeking to preserve Tibetan culture and education among the thousands of refugees who accompanied Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama . A charismatic figure and noted public speaker , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama is the first Dalai Lama to travel to the West , where Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama has helped to spread Buddhism and to publicise the ideal of Free Tibet . In 1989 , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize . eos
. A charismatic figure and noted public speaker , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama is the first Dalai Lama to travel to the West , where Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama has helped to spread Buddhism and to publicise the ideal of Free Tibet . In 1989 , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize . eos
is the first Dalai Lama to travel to the West , where Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama has helped to spread Buddhism and to publicise the ideal of Free Tibet . In 1989 , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize . eos
has helped to spread Buddhism and to publicise the ideal of Free Tibet . In 1989 , Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize . eos
was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize . eos
, CC ( july 28 , 1958 - june 28 , 1981 ) was a Canadian humanitarian , athlete , and cancer treatment activist . Terry_Fox became famous for Terry_Fox Marathon of Hope , a cross - Canada run to raise money for cancer research , running with one prosthetic leg . Terry_Fox is considered one of Canada 's greatest heroes of the 20th Century and Terry_Fox is celebrated internationally every september as people participate in the ` Terry Fox Run ' , the world 's largest one - day fundraiser for cancer research . eos
became famous for Terry_Fox Marathon of Hope , a cross - Canada run to raise money for cancer research , running with one prosthetic leg . Terry_Fox is considered one of Canada 's greatest heroes of the 20th Century and Terry_Fox is celebrated internationally every september as people participate in the ` Terry Fox Run ' , the world 's largest one - day fundraiser for cancer research . eos
Marathon of Hope , a cross - Canada run to raise money for cancer research , running with one prosthetic leg . Terry_Fox is considered one of Canada 's greatest heroes of the 20th Century and Terry_Fox is celebrated internationally every september as people participate in the ` Terry Fox Run ' , the world 's largest one - day fundraiser for cancer research . eos
is considered one of Canada 's greatest heroes of the 20th Century and Terry_Fox is celebrated internationally every september as people participate in the ` Terry Fox Run ' , the world 's largest one - day fundraiser for cancer research . eos
is celebrated internationally every september as people participate in the ` Terry Fox Run ' , the world 's largest one - day fundraiser for cancer research . eos
( february 11 1847 - october 18 1931 ) was an American inventor and businessman Thomas_Edison developed many devices which greatly influenced life in the 20th century . Dubbed ` ` The Wizard of Menlo Park '' by a newspaper reporter , Thomas_Edison was one of the first inventors to apply the principles of mass production to the process of invention , and Thomas_Edison can therefore be credited with the creation of the first industrial research laboratory . Some of the inventions attributed to Thomas_Edison were not completely original but amounted to improvements of earlier inventions or were actually created by numerous employees working under Thomas_Edison direction . eos
developed many devices which greatly influenced life in the 20th century . Dubbed ` ` The Wizard of Menlo Park '' by a newspaper reporter , Thomas_Edison was one of the first inventors to apply the principles of mass production to the process of invention , and Thomas_Edison can therefore be credited with the creation of the first industrial research laboratory . Some of the inventions attributed to Thomas_Edison were not completely original but amounted to improvements of earlier inventions or were actually created by numerous employees working under Thomas_Edison direction . eos
was one of the first inventors to apply the principles of mass production to the process of invention , and Thomas_Edison can therefore be credited with the creation of the first industrial research laboratory . Some of the inventions attributed to Thomas_Edison were not completely original but amounted to improvements of earlier inventions or were actually created by numerous employees working under Thomas_Edison direction . Nevertheless , Thomas_Edison is considered one of the most prolific inventors in history , holding 1,097 US patents in Thomas_Edison name , as well as many patents in the United Kingdom , France , and Germany . eos
can therefore be credited with the creation of the first industrial research laboratory . Some of the inventions attributed to Thomas_Edison were not completely original but amounted to improvements of earlier inventions or were actually created by numerous employees working under Thomas_Edison direction . Nevertheless , Thomas_Edison is considered one of the most prolific inventors in history , holding 1,097 US patents in Thomas_Edison name , as well as many patents in the United Kingdom , France , and Germany . eos
were not completely original but amounted to improvements of earlier inventions or were actually created by numerous employees working under Thomas_Edison direction . Nevertheless , Thomas_Edison is considered one of the most prolific inventors in history , holding 1,097 US patents in Thomas_Edison name , as well as many patents in the United Kingdom , France , and Germany . eos
direction . Nevertheless , Thomas_Edison is considered one of the most prolific inventors in history , holding 1,097 US patents in Thomas_Edison name , as well as many patents in the United Kingdom , France , and Germany . eos
is considered one of the most prolific inventors in history , holding 1,097 US patents in Thomas_Edison name , as well as many patents in the United Kingdom , France , and Germany . eos
name , as well as many patents in the United Kingdom , France , and Germany . eos
( 7 february 1478 - 6 july 1535 ) , posthumously known also as Saint Thomas More , was an English lawyer , author , and statesman . During Thomas_More lifetime Thomas_More earned a reputation as a leading humanist scholar and Thomas_More occupied many public offices , including that of Lord Chancellor from 1529 to 1532 . Thomas_More coined the word ` ` utopia '' , a name Thomas_More gave to an ideal , imaginary island nation whose political system Thomas_More described in a book published in 1516 . eos
lifetime Thomas_More earned a reputation as a leading humanist scholar and Thomas_More occupied many public offices , including that of Lord Chancellor from 1529 to 1532 . Thomas_More coined the word ` ` utopia '' , a name Thomas_More gave to an ideal , imaginary island nation whose political system Thomas_More described in a book published in 1516 . Thomas_More is chiefly remembered for Thomas_More principled refusal to accept King Henry VIII 's claim to be the supreme head of the Church of England , a decision which ended Thomas_More political career and led to Thomas_More execution as a traitor . eos
earned a reputation as a leading humanist scholar and Thomas_More occupied many public offices , including that of Lord Chancellor from 1529 to 1532 . Thomas_More coined the word ` ` utopia '' , a name Thomas_More gave to an ideal , imaginary island nation whose political system Thomas_More described in a book published in 1516 . Thomas_More is chiefly remembered for Thomas_More principled refusal to accept King Henry VIII 's claim to be the supreme head of the Church of England , a decision which ended Thomas_More political career and led to Thomas_More execution as a traitor . eos
occupied many public offices , including that of Lord Chancellor from 1529 to 1532 . Thomas_More coined the word ` ` utopia '' , a name Thomas_More gave to an ideal , imaginary island nation whose political system Thomas_More described in a book published in 1516 . Thomas_More is chiefly remembered for Thomas_More principled refusal to accept King Henry VIII 's claim to be the supreme head of the Church of England , a decision which ended Thomas_More political career and led to Thomas_More execution as a traitor . eos
coined the word ` ` utopia '' , a name Thomas_More gave to an ideal , imaginary island nation whose political system Thomas_More described in a book published in 1516 . Thomas_More is chiefly remembered for Thomas_More principled refusal to accept King Henry VIII 's claim to be the supreme head of the Church of England , a decision which ended Thomas_More political career and led to Thomas_More execution as a traitor . In 1935 , four hundred years after Thomas_More death , Thomas_More was canonized in the Catholic Church by Pope Pius XI , and Thomas_More was later declared the patron saint of lawyers and statesmen . eos
gave to an ideal , imaginary island nation whose political system Thomas_More described in a book published in 1516 . Thomas_More is chiefly remembered for Thomas_More principled refusal to accept King Henry VIII 's claim to be the supreme head of the Church of England , a decision which ended Thomas_More political career and led to Thomas_More execution as a traitor . In 1935 , four hundred years after Thomas_More death , Thomas_More was canonized in the Catholic Church by Pope Pius XI , and Thomas_More was later declared the patron saint of lawyers and statesmen . eos
described in a book published in 1516 . Thomas_More is chiefly remembered for Thomas_More principled refusal to accept King Henry VIII 's claim to be the supreme head of the Church of England , a decision which ended Thomas_More political career and led to Thomas_More execution as a traitor . In 1935 , four hundred years after Thomas_More death , Thomas_More was canonized in the Catholic Church by Pope Pius XI , and Thomas_More was later declared the patron saint of lawyers and statesmen . eos
political career and led to Thomas_More execution as a traitor . In 1935 , four hundred years after Thomas_More death , Thomas_More was canonized in the Catholic Church by Pope Pius XI , and Thomas_More was later declared the patron saint of lawyers and statesmen . Thomas_More shares Thomas_More feast day , june 22 on the Catholic calendar of saints , with Saint John Fisher , the only Bishop during the English reformation to maintain his allegiance to the Pope . eos
execution as a traitor . In 1935 , four hundred years after Thomas_More death , Thomas_More was canonized in the Catholic Church by Pope Pius XI , and Thomas_More was later declared the patron saint of lawyers and statesmen . Thomas_More shares Thomas_More feast day , june 22 on the Catholic calendar of saints , with Saint John Fisher , the only Bishop during the English reformation to maintain his allegiance to the Pope . eos
is chiefly remembered for Thomas_More principled refusal to accept King Henry VIII 's claim to be the supreme head of the Church of England , a decision which ended Thomas_More political career and led to Thomas_More execution as a traitor . In 1935 , four hundred years after Thomas_More death , Thomas_More was canonized in the Catholic Church by Pope Pius XI , and Thomas_More was later declared the patron saint of lawyers and statesmen . Thomas_More shares Thomas_More feast day , june 22 on the Catholic calendar of saints , with Saint John Fisher , the only Bishop during the English reformation to maintain his allegiance to the Pope . eos
principled refusal to accept King Henry VIII 's claim to be the supreme head of the Church of England , a decision which ended Thomas_More political career and led to Thomas_More execution as a traitor . In 1935 , four hundred years after Thomas_More death , Thomas_More was canonized in the Catholic Church by Pope Pius XI , and Thomas_More was later declared the patron saint of lawyers and statesmen . Thomas_More shares Thomas_More feast day , june 22 on the Catholic calendar of saints , with Saint John Fisher , the only Bishop during the English reformation to maintain his allegiance to the Pope . eos
death , Thomas_More was canonized in the Catholic Church by Pope Pius XI , and Thomas_More was later declared the patron saint of lawyers and statesmen . Thomas_More shares Thomas_More feast day , june 22 on the Catholic calendar of saints , with Saint John Fisher , the only Bishop during the English reformation to maintain his allegiance to the Pope . Thomas_More was added to the Anglican Churches ' calendar of saints in 1980 . eos
was canonized in the Catholic Church by Pope Pius XI , and Thomas_More was later declared the patron saint of lawyers and statesmen . Thomas_More shares Thomas_More feast day , june 22 on the Catholic calendar of saints , with Saint John Fisher , the only Bishop during the English reformation to maintain his allegiance to the Pope . Thomas_More was added to the Anglican Churches ' calendar of saints in 1980 . eos
was later declared the patron saint of lawyers and statesmen . Thomas_More shares Thomas_More feast day , june 22 on the Catholic calendar of saints , with Saint John Fisher , the only Bishop during the English reformation to maintain his allegiance to the Pope . Thomas_More was added to the Anglican Churches ' calendar of saints in 1980 . eos
shares Thomas_More feast day , june 22 on the Catholic calendar of saints , with Saint John Fisher , the only Bishop during the English reformation to maintain his allegiance to the Pope . Thomas_More was added to the Anglican Churches ' calendar of saints in 1980 . eos
feast day , june 22 on the Catholic calendar of saints , with Saint John Fisher , the only Bishop during the English reformation to maintain his allegiance to the Pope . Thomas_More was added to the Anglican Churches ' calendar of saints in 1980 . eos
was added to the Anglican Churches ' calendar of saints in 1980 . eos
( born 30 june , 1930 ) , is an American economist , political writer , and commentator , generally from a socially conservative and economically laissez faire perspective . Thomas_Sowell is presently a senior fellow at Stanford University 's Hoover Institution . eos
is presently a senior fellow at Stanford University 's Hoover Institution . In 1990 , Thomas_Sowell won the Francis Boyer Award , presented by the American Enterprise Institute . In 2002 Thomas_Sowell was awarded the National Humanities Medal for prolific scholarship melding history , economics , and political science . eos
won the Francis Boyer Award , presented by the American Enterprise Institute . In 2002 Thomas_Sowell was awarded the National Humanities Medal for prolific scholarship melding history , economics , and political science . According to conservative British author Paul Johnson : ` ` America 's leading philosopher is Thomas Sowell . eos
was awarded the National Humanities Medal for prolific scholarship melding history , economics , and political science . According to conservative British author Paul Johnson : ` ` America 's leading philosopher is Thomas Sowell . He has given me more than any other living American philosopher ... '' eos
, KBE ( born june 8 , 1955 in London , England ) is the inventor of the World Wide Web and director of the World Wide Web Consortium , which oversees its continued development . Informally , in technical circles , Tim_Berners-Lee is sometimes called ` ` TimBL '' or ` ` TBL '' . eos
is sometimes called ` ` TimBL '' or ` ` TBL '' . eos
( january 12 , 1930 in Cochrane , Ontario , Canada - february 21 1974 in St. Catharines , Ontario , Canada ) was a Canadian professional hockey defenceman from Cochrane , Ontario . Tim_Horton played 24 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs , New York Rangers , Pittsburgh Penguins and Buffalo Sabres . Tim_Horton was also a businessman and the founder of Tim Hortons , Canada 's largest coffee and doughnut store chain before dying in a car accident in St. Catharines , Ontario . eos
played 24 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs , New York Rangers , Pittsburgh Penguins and Buffalo Sabres . Tim_Horton was also a businessman and the founder of Tim Hortons , Canada 's largest coffee and doughnut store chain before dying in a car accident in St. Catharines , Ontario . Tim_Horton was a Freemason . eos
was also a businessman and the founder of Tim Hortons , Canada 's largest coffee and doughnut store chain before dying in a car accident in St. Catharines , Ontario . Tim_Horton was a Freemason . eos
was a Freemason . eos
( May 8 , 1920 - november 7 , 1991 ) ( born Touko Laaksonen in Kaarina , Finland ) was a fetish artist notable for Tom_of_Finland stylized homoerotic art and Tom_of_Finland influence on late twentieth century gay culture . eos
stylized homoerotic art and Tom_of_Finland influence on late twentieth century gay culture . eos
influence on late twentieth century gay culture . eos
( born april 3 , 1925 ) , known as Tony Benn , formerly 2nd Viscount Stansgate , is a British politician on the left of the Labour Party . Tony_Benn was instrumental in the creation of the Peerage Act 1963 . The term ` ` Bennite '' , generally understood to mean a radical left - wing position of corporatist but compassionate socialism , was derived from Tony_Benn name . eos
was instrumental in the creation of the Peerage Act 1963 . The term ` ` Bennite '' , generally understood to mean a radical left - wing position of corporatist but compassionate socialism , was derived from Tony_Benn name . Tony_Benn is known as one of very few politicians to become more left - wing after having held ministerial office . eos
name . Tony_Benn is known as one of very few politicians to become more left - wing after having held ministerial office . eos
is known as one of very few politicians to become more left - wing after having held ministerial office . eos
( born 6 May 1953 ) is the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , First Lord of the Treasury , Minister for the Civil Service , Leader of the UK Labour Party , and Member of the UK Parliament for the constituency of Sedgefield in North East England . As a member of the Cabinet of the United Kingdom Tony_Blair is also a Privy Counsellor . eos
is also a Privy Counsellor . As First Lord of the Treasury , Tony_Blair official residence is 10 Downing Street in London , UK . Tony_Blair became leader of the British Labour Party in july 1994 following the sudden death of Tony_Blair predecessor , John Smith . eos
official residence is 10 Downing Street in London , UK . Tony_Blair became leader of the British Labour Party in july 1994 following the sudden death of Tony_Blair predecessor , John Smith . Under Tony_Blair leadership , the party won a landslide victory in the May 1997 general election , ending 18 years of government by the UK 's centre - right Conservative Party . eos
became leader of the British Labour Party in july 1994 following the sudden death of Tony_Blair predecessor , John Smith . Under Tony_Blair leadership , the party won a landslide victory in the May 1997 general election , ending 18 years of government by the UK 's centre - right Conservative Party . Tony_Blair is the Labour Party 's longest - serving Prime Minister , the only person to have led the party to three consecutive general election victories and the only Labour prime minister to serve more than one full consecutive term . eos
predecessor , John Smith . Under Tony_Blair leadership , the party won a landslide victory in the May 1997 general election , ending 18 years of government by the UK 's centre - right Conservative Party . Tony_Blair is the Labour Party 's longest - serving Prime Minister , the only person to have led the party to three consecutive general election victories and the only Labour prime minister to serve more than one full consecutive term . eos
leadership , the party won a landslide victory in the May 1997 general election , ending 18 years of government by the UK 's centre - right Conservative Party . Tony_Blair is the Labour Party 's longest - serving Prime Minister , the only person to have led the party to three consecutive general election victories and the only Labour prime minister to serve more than one full consecutive term . Together with Gordon Brown and Peter Mandelson , Tony_Blair is both credited and criticised for moving the Labour Party towards the centre of British politics , using the term ` ` New Labour '' to distinguish Tony_Blair pro - market policies from the more collectivist policies which the party had espoused in the past . eos
is the Labour Party 's longest - serving Prime Minister , the only person to have led the party to three consecutive general election victories and the only Labour prime minister to serve more than one full consecutive term . Together with Gordon Brown and Peter Mandelson , Tony_Blair is both credited and criticised for moving the Labour Party towards the centre of British politics , using the term ` ` New Labour '' to distinguish Tony_Blair pro - market policies from the more collectivist policies which the party had espoused in the past . Tony_Blair has described Tony_Blair political philosophy as ` ` modern social democracy '' and ` ` the third way '' . eos
is both credited and criticised for moving the Labour Party towards the centre of British politics , using the term ` ` New Labour '' to distinguish Tony_Blair pro - market policies from the more collectivist policies which the party had espoused in the past . Tony_Blair has described Tony_Blair political philosophy as ` ` modern social democracy '' and ` ` the third way '' . In domestic government policy , Tony_Blair with Brown , has significantly increased public spending on health and education and made controversial structural reforms in these areas . eos
pro - market policies from the more collectivist policies which the party had espoused in the past . Tony_Blair has described Tony_Blair political philosophy as ` ` modern social democracy '' and ` ` the third way '' . In domestic government policy , Tony_Blair with Brown , has significantly increased public spending on health and education and made controversial structural reforms in these areas . eos
has described Tony_Blair political philosophy as ` ` modern social democracy '' and ` ` the third way '' . In domestic government policy , Tony_Blair with Brown , has significantly increased public spending on health and education and made controversial structural reforms in these areas . Tony_Blair tenure has also seen the introduction of the minimum wage , constitutional reform such as devolution in Scotland and Wales , and progress in the Northern Ireland peace process . eos
political philosophy as ` ` modern social democracy '' and ` ` the third way '' . In domestic government policy , Tony_Blair with Brown , has significantly increased public spending on health and education and made controversial structural reforms in these areas . Tony_Blair tenure has also seen the introduction of the minimum wage , constitutional reform such as devolution in Scotland and Wales , and progress in the Northern Ireland peace process . eos
with Brown , has significantly increased public spending on health and education and made controversial structural reforms in these areas . Tony_Blair tenure has also seen the introduction of the minimum wage , constitutional reform such as devolution in Scotland and Wales , and progress in the Northern Ireland peace process . Since the advent of the War on Terror in 2001 , a significant part of Tony_Blair political agenda has been dominated by foreign affairs . eos
tenure has also seen the introduction of the minimum wage , constitutional reform such as devolution in Scotland and Wales , and progress in the Northern Ireland peace process . Since the advent of the War on Terror in 2001 , a significant part of Tony_Blair political agenda has been dominated by foreign affairs . Tony_Blair has strongly supported a number of aspects of US foreign policy , notably by participating in the invasions of Afghanistan in 2001 and Iraq in 2003 . eos
political agenda has been dominated by foreign affairs . Tony_Blair has strongly supported a number of aspects of US foreign policy , notably by participating in the invasions of Afghanistan in 2001 and Iraq in 2003 . Tony_Blair has encountered fierce criticism as a result , and the circumstances in which Tony_Blair took Britain to war in Iraq have caused many opponents of the war to perceive Tony_Blair as dishonest . eos
has strongly supported a number of aspects of US foreign policy , notably by participating in the invasions of Afghanistan in 2001 and Iraq in 2003 . Tony_Blair has encountered fierce criticism as a result , and the circumstances in which Tony_Blair took Britain to war in Iraq have caused many opponents of the war to perceive Tony_Blair as dishonest . On 7 september 2006 eos
has encountered fierce criticism as a result , and the circumstances in which Tony_Blair took Britain to war in Iraq have caused many opponents of the war to perceive Tony_Blair as dishonest . On 7 september 2006 Tony_Blair publicly stated Tony_Blair would step down as party leader by the time of the september 2007 Trades Union Congress , but Tony_Blair has not yet stated a precise date for Tony_Blair departure . eos
took Britain to war in Iraq have caused many opponents of the war to perceive Tony_Blair as dishonest . On 7 september 2006 Tony_Blair publicly stated Tony_Blair would step down as party leader by the time of the september 2007 Trades Union Congress , but Tony_Blair has not yet stated a precise date for Tony_Blair departure . eos
as dishonest . On 7 september 2006 Tony_Blair publicly stated Tony_Blair would step down as party leader by the time of the september 2007 Trades Union Congress , but Tony_Blair has not yet stated a precise date for Tony_Blair departure . eos
publicly stated Tony_Blair would step down as party leader by the time of the september 2007 Trades Union Congress , but Tony_Blair has not yet stated a precise date for Tony_Blair departure . eos
would step down as party leader by the time of the september 2007 Trades Union Congress , but Tony_Blair has not yet stated a precise date for Tony_Blair departure . eos
has not yet stated a precise date for Tony_Blair departure . eos
departure . eos
( in Arabic , عمر بن الخطاب ) ( c. 581 - november 3 , 644 ) , sometimes referred by Sunni Muslims as ` Umar al - Farūq ( Umar the Distinguisher ( between Truth and Falsehood ) ) , also known in English as Omar or Umar , was from the Banu Adi clan of the Quraysh tribe . eos
was a companion of the Prophet Muhammad and Umar became the second Caliph ( 634 - 644 ) following the death of Abu Bakr , the first Caliph . eos
became the second Caliph ( 634 - 644 ) following the death of Abu Bakr , the first Caliph . eos
( born january 5 , 1932 ) is an Italian medievalist , semiotician , philosopher and novelist , best known for Umberto_Eco novel The Name of the Rose ( Il nome della rosa ) and Umberto_Eco many essays . eos
novel The Name of the Rose ( Il nome della rosa ) and Umberto_Eco many essays . eos
many essays . eos
( "" IPA : ` vaʃku dɐ ` gɐmɐ "" ( Sines or Vidigueira , Alentejo , Portugal , c 1469 - december 24 , 1524 in Kochi , India ) was a Portuguese explorer , one of the most successful in the European Age of Discovery , and the first person to sail directly from Europe to India . eos
( Bulgarian : Васил Левски , also transliterated as Vassil Levski ) , born Vasil Ivanov Kunchev ( Васил Иванов Кунчев ) was a Bulgarian revolutionary , ideologist , strategist and theoretician of the Bulgarian national revolution and leader of the struggle for liberation from Ottoman rule . Due to Vasil_Levski major significance to the liberation of Bulgaria , Vasil_Levski is hailed as a national hero and often referred to as ` ` The Apostle of Freedom '' by the Bulgarian people . eos
major significance to the liberation of Bulgaria , Vasil_Levski is hailed as a national hero and often referred to as ` ` The Apostle of Freedom '' by the Bulgarian people . Vasil_Levski life is described , for example , in a book by the British writer Mercia MacDermoth . eos
is hailed as a national hero and often referred to as ` ` The Apostle of Freedom '' by the Bulgarian people . Vasil_Levski life is described , for example , in a book by the British writer Mercia MacDermoth . eos
life is described , for example , in a book by the British writer Mercia MacDermoth . eos
( Alexandrina Victoria ; 24 May 1819 - 22 january 1901 ) was the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 20 june 1837 , and the first Empress of India from 1 january 1877 , until Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom death in 1901 . Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom reign lasted more than sixty - three years , longer than that of any other British monarch . Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom reign was marked by a great expansion of the British Empire . eos
death in 1901 . Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom reign lasted more than sixty - three years , longer than that of any other British monarch . Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom reign was marked by a great expansion of the British Empire . eos
reign lasted more than sixty - three years , longer than that of any other British monarch . Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom reign was marked by a great expansion of the British Empire . The Victorian Era was at the height of the Industrial Revolution , a period of significant social , economic , and technological change in the United Kingdom . eos
reign was marked by a great expansion of the British Empire . The Victorian Era was at the height of the Industrial Revolution , a period of significant social , economic , and technological change in the United Kingdom . In that period the British Empire reached its zenith and became the formidable global power of the time . eos
, Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom was almost entirely of German descent ( except from Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom ancestor Sophia of Hanover who was a female - line granddaughter of James I ) , was the last monarch of the House of Hanover ; Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom son King Edward VII belonged to the House of Saxe - Coburg and Gotha . eos
was almost entirely of German descent ( except from Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom ancestor Sophia of Hanover who was a female - line granddaughter of James I ) , was the last monarch of the House of Hanover ; Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom son King Edward VII belonged to the House of Saxe - Coburg and Gotha . eos
ancestor Sophia of Hanover who was a female - line granddaughter of James I ) , was the last monarch of the House of Hanover ; Victoria_of_the_United_Kingdom son King Edward VII belonged to the House of Saxe - Coburg and Gotha . eos
son King Edward VII belonged to the House of Saxe - Coburg and Gotha . eos
( "" Russian : Владимир Ильич Ульянов "" , better known by the alias Lenin ( Ленин ) ) ( april 22 , 1870 - january 24 , 1924 ) , was a Russian revolutionary , a communist politician , the main leader of the october Revolution , the first head of Soviet Russia , and the primary theorist of the ideology that has come to be called Leninism , which is a variant of Marxism . eos
( 1552 or 1554 - 29 october , 1618 ) is a famed English writer , poet , courtier and explorer . Walter_Raleigh was responsible for establishing the first English colony in the new world . eos
was responsible for establishing the first English colony in the new world . eos
( december 5 , 1901 - february 1 , 1976 ) was a celebrated German physicist and Nobel laureate , one of the founders of quantum mechanics , and acknowledged to be one of the most important physicists of the twentieth century . Werner_Heisenberg was born in Würzburg , Germany and Werner_Heisenberg died in Munich . Werner_Heisenberg was the head of Germany 's nuclear energy program , though the nature of this project , and Werner_Heisenberg work in this capacity , has been heavily debated . eos
was born in Würzburg , Germany and Werner_Heisenberg died in Munich . Werner_Heisenberg was the head of Germany 's nuclear energy program , though the nature of this project , and Werner_Heisenberg work in this capacity , has been heavily debated . Werner_Heisenberg is most well - known for discovering one of the central principles of modern physics , the Heisenberg uncertainty principle . eos
died in Munich . Werner_Heisenberg was the head of Germany 's nuclear energy program , though the nature of this project , and Werner_Heisenberg work in this capacity , has been heavily debated . Werner_Heisenberg is most well - known for discovering one of the central principles of modern physics , the Heisenberg uncertainty principle . eos
was the head of Germany 's nuclear energy program , though the nature of this project , and Werner_Heisenberg work in this capacity , has been heavily debated . Werner_Heisenberg is most well - known for discovering one of the central principles of modern physics , the Heisenberg uncertainty principle . In his book eos
work in this capacity , has been heavily debated . Werner_Heisenberg is most well - known for discovering one of the central principles of modern physics , the Heisenberg uncertainty principle . In his book eos
is most well - known for discovering one of the central principles of modern physics , the Heisenberg uncertainty principle . In his book The 100 , Michael H Hart ranks Werner_Heisenberg as the 46th most influential person in history . eos
as the 46th most influential person in history . eos
, PC , GCMG , KC , BCL , DCL , LLD , DLitt , baptized Henri - Charles - Wilfrid Laurier ( november 20 , 1841 - february 17 , 1919 ) was the seventh Prime Minister of Canada from july 11 , 1896 , to october 7 , 1911 . The second child of Carolus Laurier and Marcelle Martineau , Wilfrid_Laurier was born in Saint - Lin ( today called ` Saint - Lin - Laurentides ' ) on november 20 , 1841 . Wilfrid_Laurier grew up in a family where politics was a staple of talk and debate . eos
was born in Saint - Lin ( today called ` Saint - Lin - Laurentides ' ) on november 20 , 1841 . Wilfrid_Laurier grew up in a family where politics was a staple of talk and debate . Wilfrid_Laurier father , an educated man having liberal ideas , enjoyed a certain degree of prestige about town . eos
grew up in a family where politics was a staple of talk and debate . Wilfrid_Laurier father , an educated man having liberal ideas , enjoyed a certain degree of prestige about town . In addition to being a farmer and surveyor , Wilfrid_Laurier also occupied such sought - after positions as mayor , justice of the peace , militia lieutenant and school board member . eos
father , an educated man having liberal ideas , enjoyed a certain degree of prestige about town . In addition to being a farmer and surveyor , Wilfrid_Laurier also occupied such sought - after positions as mayor , justice of the peace , militia lieutenant and school board member . At the age of 11 , Wilfrid_Laurier left home to study in New Glasgow , a neighbouring town largely inhabited by immigrants from the British Isles . eos
also occupied such sought - after positions as mayor , justice of the peace , militia lieutenant and school board member . At the age of 11 , Wilfrid_Laurier left home to study in New Glasgow , a neighbouring town largely inhabited by immigrants from the British Isles . Over the next two years , Wilfrid_Laurier had the opportunity of familiarizing Wilfrid_Laurier with the mentality , language and culture of English - speakers . eos
left home to study in New Glasgow , a neighbouring town largely inhabited by immigrants from the British Isles . Over the next two years , Wilfrid_Laurier had the opportunity of familiarizing Wilfrid_Laurier with the mentality , language and culture of English - speakers . Often considered one of Canada 's great statesmen and the first francophone prime minister , Wilfrid_Laurier is well known for Wilfrid_Laurier policies of conciliation , nation building , and compromises between French and English Canada . eos
had the opportunity of familiarizing Wilfrid_Laurier with the mentality , language and culture of English - speakers . Often considered one of Canada 's great statesmen and the first francophone prime minister , Wilfrid_Laurier is well known for Wilfrid_Laurier policies of conciliation , nation building , and compromises between French and English Canada . Wilfrid_Laurier argued for an English - French partnership in Canada . eos
with the mentality , language and culture of English - speakers . Often considered one of Canada 's great statesmen and the first francophone prime minister , Wilfrid_Laurier is well known for Wilfrid_Laurier policies of conciliation , nation building , and compromises between French and English Canada . Wilfrid_Laurier argued for an English - French partnership in Canada . eos
policies of conciliation , nation building , and compromises between French and English Canada . Wilfrid_Laurier argued for an English - French partnership in Canada . ` ` I have had before me as a pillar of fire , '' Wilfrid_Laurier said , ` ` a policy of true Canadianism , of moderation , of reconciliation . '' eos
is well known for Wilfrid_Laurier policies of conciliation , nation building , and compromises between French and English Canada . Wilfrid_Laurier argued for an English - French partnership in Canada . ` ` I have had before me as a pillar of fire , '' Wilfrid_Laurier said , ` ` a policy of true Canadianism , of moderation , of reconciliation . '' eos
argued for an English - French partnership in Canada . ` ` I have had before me as a pillar of fire , '' Wilfrid_Laurier said , ` ` a policy of true Canadianism , of moderation , of reconciliation . '' Wilfrid_Laurier was also well regarded for Wilfrid_Laurier efforts to establish Canada as an autonomous country within the British Empire . eos
said , ` ` a policy of true Canadianism , of moderation , of reconciliation . '' Wilfrid_Laurier was also well regarded for Wilfrid_Laurier efforts to establish Canada as an autonomous country within the British Empire . Wilfrid_Laurier efforts were continued by Wilfrid_Laurier successor as Prime Minister , Robert Borden . eos
was also well regarded for Wilfrid_Laurier efforts to establish Canada as an autonomous country within the British Empire . Wilfrid_Laurier efforts were continued by Wilfrid_Laurier successor as Prime Minister , Robert Borden . Wilfrid_Laurier is the fourth - longest serving Prime Minister of Canada , behind William Lyon Mackenzie King , John A Macdonald , and Pierre Trudeau . eos
efforts to establish Canada as an autonomous country within the British Empire . Wilfrid_Laurier efforts were continued by Wilfrid_Laurier successor as Prime Minister , Robert Borden . Wilfrid_Laurier is the fourth - longest serving Prime Minister of Canada , behind William Lyon Mackenzie King , John A Macdonald , and Pierre Trudeau . eos
efforts were continued by Wilfrid_Laurier successor as Prime Minister , Robert Borden . Wilfrid_Laurier is the fourth - longest serving Prime Minister of Canada , behind William Lyon Mackenzie King , John A Macdonald , and Pierre Trudeau . A Maclean 's historical ranking of the Prime Ministers placed Wilfrid_Laurier third behind King ( first ) and Macdonald . eos
successor as Prime Minister , Robert Borden . Wilfrid_Laurier is the fourth - longest serving Prime Minister of Canada , behind William Lyon Mackenzie King , John A Macdonald , and Pierre Trudeau . A Maclean 's historical ranking of the Prime Ministers placed Wilfrid_Laurier third behind King ( first ) and Macdonald . eos
is the fourth - longest serving Prime Minister of Canada , behind William Lyon Mackenzie King , John A Macdonald , and Pierre Trudeau . A Maclean 's historical ranking of the Prime Ministers placed Wilfrid_Laurier third behind King ( first ) and Macdonald . Wilfrid_Laurier also holds the record for the most consecutive federal elections won ( 4 ) , and Wilfrid_Laurier 15 year tenure remains the longest unbroken term of office among Prime Ministers . eos
third behind King ( first ) and Macdonald . Wilfrid_Laurier also holds the record for the most consecutive federal elections won ( 4 ) , and Wilfrid_Laurier 15 year tenure remains the longest unbroken term of office among Prime Ministers . In addition , Wilfrid_Laurier nearly 45 years ( 1874 - 1919 ) of service in the House of Commons is an all - time record in Canadian politics , unmatched by any other politician . eos
also holds the record for the most consecutive federal elections won ( 4 ) , and Wilfrid_Laurier 15 year tenure remains the longest unbroken term of office among Prime Ministers . In addition , Wilfrid_Laurier nearly 45 years ( 1874 - 1919 ) of service in the House of Commons is an all - time record in Canadian politics , unmatched by any other politician . eos
15 year tenure remains the longest unbroken term of office among Prime Ministers . In addition , Wilfrid_Laurier nearly 45 years ( 1874 - 1919 ) of service in the House of Commons is an all - time record in Canadian politics , unmatched by any other politician . eos
nearly 45 years ( 1874 - 1919 ) of service in the House of Commons is an all - time record in Canadian politics , unmatched by any other politician . eos
( in English : ` ` William Conrad Roentgen '' ) ( march 27 , 1845 - february 10 , 1923 ) was a German physicist , of the University of Würzburg , Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen , on november 8 , 1895 , produced and detected electromagnetic radiation in a wavelength range today known as x - rays or Röntgen Rays , an achievement that earned Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen the first Nobel Prize in Physics in 1901 . Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen name is usually given as ` ` Roentgen '' ( an alternative German spelling ) in English ; therefore most English scientific and medical references to Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen are found under this spelling . eos
, on november 8 , 1895 , produced and detected electromagnetic radiation in a wavelength range today known as x - rays or Röntgen Rays , an achievement that earned Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen the first Nobel Prize in Physics in 1901 . Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen name is usually given as ` ` Roentgen '' ( an alternative German spelling ) in English ; therefore most English scientific and medical references to Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen are found under this spelling . eos
the first Nobel Prize in Physics in 1901 . Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen name is usually given as ` ` Roentgen '' ( an alternative German spelling ) in English ; therefore most English scientific and medical references to Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen are found under this spelling . eos
name is usually given as ` ` Roentgen '' ( an alternative German spelling ) in English ; therefore most English scientific and medical references to Wilhelm_Conrad_Rontgen are found under this spelling . eos
are found under this spelling . eos
( november 28 1757-august 12 1827 ) was an English poet , painter , and printmaker . Largely unrecognised during William_Blake lifetime , William_Blake work is today considered seminal and significant in the history of both poetry and the visual arts . According to Northrop Frye , who undertook a study of William_Blake entire poetic corpus , William_Blake prophetic poems form ` ` what is in proportion to its merits the least read body of poetry in the English language . '' eos
lifetime , William_Blake work is today considered seminal and significant in the history of both poetry and the visual arts . According to Northrop Frye , who undertook a study of William_Blake entire poetic corpus , William_Blake prophetic poems form ` ` what is in proportion to its merits the least read body of poetry in the English language . '' Others have praised William_Blake visual artistry , at least one modern critic proclaiming William_Blake ` ` far and away the greatest artist Britain has ever produced . '' eos
work is today considered seminal and significant in the history of both poetry and the visual arts . According to Northrop Frye , who undertook a study of William_Blake entire poetic corpus , William_Blake prophetic poems form ` ` what is in proportion to its merits the least read body of poetry in the English language . '' Others have praised William_Blake visual artistry , at least one modern critic proclaiming William_Blake ` ` far and away the greatest artist Britain has ever produced . '' eos
entire poetic corpus , William_Blake prophetic poems form ` ` what is in proportion to its merits the least read body of poetry in the English language . '' Others have praised William_Blake visual artistry , at least one modern critic proclaiming William_Blake ` ` far and away the greatest artist Britain has ever produced . '' While William_Blake visual art and written poetry are usually considered separately , William_Blake often employed them in concert to create a product that at once defied and superseded convention . eos
prophetic poems form ` ` what is in proportion to its merits the least read body of poetry in the English language . '' Others have praised William_Blake visual artistry , at least one modern critic proclaiming William_Blake ` ` far and away the greatest artist Britain has ever produced . '' While William_Blake visual art and written poetry are usually considered separately , William_Blake often employed them in concert to create a product that at once defied and superseded convention . eos
visual artistry , at least one modern critic proclaiming William_Blake ` ` far and away the greatest artist Britain has ever produced . '' While William_Blake visual art and written poetry are usually considered separately , William_Blake often employed them in concert to create a product that at once defied and superseded convention . Though William_Blake believed William_Blake able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite William_Blake work in illustrating the Book of Job , William_Blake affection for the Bible was belied by William_Blake hostility for the church , William_Blake beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around William_Blake . eos
` ` far and away the greatest artist Britain has ever produced . '' While William_Blake visual art and written poetry are usually considered separately , William_Blake often employed them in concert to create a product that at once defied and superseded convention . Though William_Blake believed William_Blake able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite William_Blake work in illustrating the Book of Job , William_Blake affection for the Bible was belied by William_Blake hostility for the church , William_Blake beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around William_Blake . eos
visual art and written poetry are usually considered separately , William_Blake often employed them in concert to create a product that at once defied and superseded convention . Though William_Blake believed William_Blake able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite William_Blake work in illustrating the Book of Job , William_Blake affection for the Bible was belied by William_Blake hostility for the church , William_Blake beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around William_Blake . Ultimately , the difficulty of placing William_Blake in any one chronological stage of art history is perhaps the distinction that best defines William_Blake . eos
often employed them in concert to create a product that at once defied and superseded convention . Though William_Blake believed William_Blake able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite William_Blake work in illustrating the Book of Job , William_Blake affection for the Bible was belied by William_Blake hostility for the church , William_Blake beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around William_Blake . Ultimately , the difficulty of placing William_Blake in any one chronological stage of art history is perhaps the distinction that best defines William_Blake . eos
believed William_Blake able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite William_Blake work in illustrating the Book of Job , William_Blake affection for the Bible was belied by William_Blake hostility for the church , William_Blake beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around William_Blake . Ultimately , the difficulty of placing William_Blake in any one chronological stage of art history is perhaps the distinction that best defines William_Blake . Once considered mad for William_Blake single - mindedness , William_Blake is highly regarded today for William_Blake expressiveness and creativity , and the philosophical vision that underlies William_Blake work . eos
able to converse aloud with Old Testament prophets , and despite William_Blake work in illustrating the Book of Job , William_Blake affection for the Bible was belied by William_Blake hostility for the church , William_Blake beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around William_Blake . Ultimately , the difficulty of placing William_Blake in any one chronological stage of art history is perhaps the distinction that best defines William_Blake . Once considered mad for William_Blake single - mindedness , William_Blake is highly regarded today for William_Blake expressiveness and creativity , and the philosophical vision that underlies William_Blake work . eos
work in illustrating the Book of Job , William_Blake affection for the Bible was belied by William_Blake hostility for the church , William_Blake beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around William_Blake . Ultimately , the difficulty of placing William_Blake in any one chronological stage of art history is perhaps the distinction that best defines William_Blake . Once considered mad for William_Blake single - mindedness , William_Blake is highly regarded today for William_Blake expressiveness and creativity , and the philosophical vision that underlies William_Blake work . eos
affection for the Bible was belied by William_Blake hostility for the church , William_Blake beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around William_Blake . Ultimately , the difficulty of placing William_Blake in any one chronological stage of art history is perhaps the distinction that best defines William_Blake . Once considered mad for William_Blake single - mindedness , William_Blake is highly regarded today for William_Blake expressiveness and creativity , and the philosophical vision that underlies William_Blake work . eos
hostility for the church , William_Blake beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around William_Blake . Ultimately , the difficulty of placing William_Blake in any one chronological stage of art history is perhaps the distinction that best defines William_Blake . Once considered mad for William_Blake single - mindedness , William_Blake is highly regarded today for William_Blake expressiveness and creativity , and the philosophical vision that underlies William_Blake work . eos
beliefs modified by a fascination with Mysticism and the unfolding of the Romantic movement around William_Blake . Ultimately , the difficulty of placing William_Blake in any one chronological stage of art history is perhaps the distinction that best defines William_Blake . Once considered mad for William_Blake single - mindedness , William_Blake is highly regarded today for William_Blake expressiveness and creativity , and the philosophical vision that underlies William_Blake work . eos
. Ultimately , the difficulty of placing William_Blake in any one chronological stage of art history is perhaps the distinction that best defines William_Blake . Once considered mad for William_Blake single - mindedness , William_Blake is highly regarded today for William_Blake expressiveness and creativity , and the philosophical vision that underlies William_Blake work . eos
in any one chronological stage of art history is perhaps the distinction that best defines William_Blake . Once considered mad for William_Blake single - mindedness , William_Blake is highly regarded today for William_Blake expressiveness and creativity , and the philosophical vision that underlies William_Blake work . As William_Blake once indicated , ` ` The imagination is not a State : it is the Human existence itself . '' eos
. Once considered mad for William_Blake single - mindedness , William_Blake is highly regarded today for William_Blake expressiveness and creativity , and the philosophical vision that underlies William_Blake work . As William_Blake once indicated , ` ` The imagination is not a State : it is the Human existence itself . '' eos
single - mindedness , William_Blake is highly regarded today for William_Blake expressiveness and creativity , and the philosophical vision that underlies William_Blake work . As William_Blake once indicated , ` ` The imagination is not a State : it is the Human existence itself . '' eos
is highly regarded today for William_Blake expressiveness and creativity , and the philosophical vision that underlies William_Blake work . As William_Blake once indicated , ` ` The imagination is not a State : it is the Human existence itself . '' eos
expressiveness and creativity , and the philosophical vision that underlies William_Blake work . As William_Blake once indicated , ` ` The imagination is not a State : it is the Human existence itself . '' eos
work . As William_Blake once indicated , ` ` The imagination is not a State : it is the Human existence itself . '' eos
once indicated , ` ` The imagination is not a State : it is the Human existence itself . '' eos
( april 1 , 1578 - june 3 , 1657 ) was a medical doctor William_Harvey is credited with first correctly describing , in exact detail , the properties of blood being pumped around the body by the heart . This developed the ideas of René Descartes who in his Description of the Human Body said that the arteries and veins were pipes which carried nourishment around the body . Although Spanish physician Michael Servetus discovered circulation a quarter century before William_Harvey was born , all but three copies of his manuscript Christianismi Restitutio were destroyed and as a result , the secrets of circulation were lost until William_Harvey rediscovered them nearly a century later . eos
is credited with first correctly describing , in exact detail , the properties of blood being pumped around the body by the heart . This developed the ideas of René Descartes who in his Description of the Human Body said that the arteries and veins were pipes which carried nourishment around the body . Although Spanish physician Michael Servetus discovered circulation a quarter century before William_Harvey was born , all but three copies of his manuscript Christianismi Restitutio were destroyed and as a result , the secrets of circulation were lost until William_Harvey rediscovered them nearly a century later . eos
was born , all but three copies of his manuscript Christianismi Restitutio were destroyed and as a result , the secrets of circulation were lost until William_Harvey rediscovered them nearly a century later . William_Harvey travelled widely in the course of William_Harvey researches , especially to Italy , where William_Harvey stayed at the Venerable English College in Rome . eos
rediscovered them nearly a century later . William_Harvey travelled widely in the course of William_Harvey researches , especially to Italy , where William_Harvey stayed at the Venerable English College in Rome . eos
travelled widely in the course of William_Harvey researches , especially to Italy , where William_Harvey stayed at the Venerable English College in Rome . eos
researches , especially to Italy , where William_Harvey stayed at the Venerable English College in Rome . eos
stayed at the Venerable English College in Rome . eos
, OM , PC , LLB , PhD MA , BA ( december 17 , 1874 - july 22 , 1950 ) was the tenth Prime Minister of Canada from december 29 , 1921 , to june 28 , 1926 ; september 25 , 1926 , to august 7 , 1930 ; and october 23 , 1935 , to november 15 , 1948 . eos
was the longest serving Prime Minister in British Commonwealth history . William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King is commonly known either by William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King full name or as Mackenzie King . Mackenzie was one of William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King given names , not part of William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King surname , but William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King was never publicly referred to as simply ` ` William King . '' eos
is commonly known either by William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King full name or as Mackenzie King . Mackenzie was one of William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King given names , not part of William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King surname , but William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King was never publicly referred to as simply ` ` William King . '' Friends and family called William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King by William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King nickname , ` ` Rex . '' eos
full name or as Mackenzie King . Mackenzie was one of William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King given names , not part of William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King surname , but William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King was never publicly referred to as simply ` ` William King . '' Friends and family called William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King by William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King nickname , ` ` Rex . '' eos
given names , not part of William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King surname , but William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King was never publicly referred to as simply ` ` William King . '' Friends and family called William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King by William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King nickname , ` ` Rex . '' eos
surname , but William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King was never publicly referred to as simply ` ` William King . '' Friends and family called William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King by William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King nickname , ` ` Rex . '' eos
was never publicly referred to as simply ` ` William King . '' Friends and family called William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King by William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King nickname , ` ` Rex . '' eos
by William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King nickname , ` ` Rex . '' eos
nickname , ` ` Rex . '' eos
( baptised april 26 1564 - died april 23 1616 ) was an English poet and playwright widely regarded as the greatest writer of the English language , as well as one of the greatest in Western literature , and the world 's preeminent dramatist . William_Shakespeare wrote about 37 plays and 154 sonnets , as well as a variety of other poems . Already a popular writer in William_Shakespeare own lifetime , William_Shakespeare reputation became increasingly celebrated after William_Shakespeare death and William_Shakespeare work adulated by numerous prominent cultural figures through the centuries . eos
wrote about 37 plays and 154 sonnets , as well as a variety of other poems . Already a popular writer in William_Shakespeare own lifetime , William_Shakespeare reputation became increasingly celebrated after William_Shakespeare death and William_Shakespeare work adulated by numerous prominent cultural figures through the centuries . In addition , William_Shakespeare is the most quoted writer in the literature and history of the English - speaking world . eos
own lifetime , William_Shakespeare reputation became increasingly celebrated after William_Shakespeare death and William_Shakespeare work adulated by numerous prominent cultural figures through the centuries . In addition , William_Shakespeare is the most quoted writer in the literature and history of the English - speaking world . William_Shakespeare is often considered to be England 's national poet and William_Shakespeare is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Bard of Avon '' ( or simply ` ` The Bard '' ) or the ` ` Swan of Avon '' . eos
reputation became increasingly celebrated after William_Shakespeare death and William_Shakespeare work adulated by numerous prominent cultural figures through the centuries . In addition , William_Shakespeare is the most quoted writer in the literature and history of the English - speaking world . William_Shakespeare is often considered to be England 's national poet and William_Shakespeare is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Bard of Avon '' ( or simply ` ` The Bard '' ) or the ` ` Swan of Avon '' . eos
death and William_Shakespeare work adulated by numerous prominent cultural figures through the centuries . In addition , William_Shakespeare is the most quoted writer in the literature and history of the English - speaking world . William_Shakespeare is often considered to be England 's national poet and William_Shakespeare is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Bard of Avon '' ( or simply ` ` The Bard '' ) or the ` ` Swan of Avon '' . eos
work adulated by numerous prominent cultural figures through the centuries . In addition , William_Shakespeare is the most quoted writer in the literature and history of the English - speaking world . William_Shakespeare is often considered to be England 's national poet and William_Shakespeare is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Bard of Avon '' ( or simply ` ` The Bard '' ) or the ` ` Swan of Avon '' . eos
is the most quoted writer in the literature and history of the English - speaking world . William_Shakespeare is often considered to be England 's national poet and William_Shakespeare is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Bard of Avon '' ( or simply ` ` The Bard '' ) or the ` ` Swan of Avon '' . William_Shakespeare is believed to have produced most of William_Shakespeare work between 1586 and 1616 , although the exact dates and chronology of the plays attributed to William_Shakespeare are often uncertain . eos
is often considered to be England 's national poet and William_Shakespeare is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Bard of Avon '' ( or simply ` ` The Bard '' ) or the ` ` Swan of Avon '' . William_Shakespeare is believed to have produced most of William_Shakespeare work between 1586 and 1616 , although the exact dates and chronology of the plays attributed to William_Shakespeare are often uncertain . William_Shakespeare is counted among the very few playwrights who have excelled in both tragedy and comedy , and William_Shakespeare plays combine popular appeal with complex characterisation , poetic grandeur and philosophical depth . eos
is sometimes referred to as the ` ` Bard of Avon '' ( or simply ` ` The Bard '' ) or the ` ` Swan of Avon '' . William_Shakespeare is believed to have produced most of William_Shakespeare work between 1586 and 1616 , although the exact dates and chronology of the plays attributed to William_Shakespeare are often uncertain . William_Shakespeare is counted among the very few playwrights who have excelled in both tragedy and comedy , and William_Shakespeare plays combine popular appeal with complex characterisation , poetic grandeur and philosophical depth . eos
is believed to have produced most of William_Shakespeare work between 1586 and 1616 , although the exact dates and chronology of the plays attributed to William_Shakespeare are often uncertain . William_Shakespeare is counted among the very few playwrights who have excelled in both tragedy and comedy , and William_Shakespeare plays combine popular appeal with complex characterisation , poetic grandeur and philosophical depth . William_Shakespeare works have been translated into every major living language , and William_Shakespeare plays are continually performed all around the world . eos
work between 1586 and 1616 , although the exact dates and chronology of the plays attributed to William_Shakespeare are often uncertain . William_Shakespeare is counted among the very few playwrights who have excelled in both tragedy and comedy , and William_Shakespeare plays combine popular appeal with complex characterisation , poetic grandeur and philosophical depth . William_Shakespeare works have been translated into every major living language , and William_Shakespeare plays are continually performed all around the world . eos
are often uncertain . William_Shakespeare is counted among the very few playwrights who have excelled in both tragedy and comedy , and William_Shakespeare plays combine popular appeal with complex characterisation , poetic grandeur and philosophical depth . William_Shakespeare works have been translated into every major living language , and William_Shakespeare plays are continually performed all around the world . eos
is counted among the very few playwrights who have excelled in both tragedy and comedy , and William_Shakespeare plays combine popular appeal with complex characterisation , poetic grandeur and philosophical depth . William_Shakespeare works have been translated into every major living language , and William_Shakespeare plays are continually performed all around the world . In addition , many quotations and neologisms from William_Shakespeare plays have passed into everyday usage in English and other languages . eos
plays combine popular appeal with complex characterisation , poetic grandeur and philosophical depth . William_Shakespeare works have been translated into every major living language , and William_Shakespeare plays are continually performed all around the world . In addition , many quotations and neologisms from William_Shakespeare plays have passed into everyday usage in English and other languages . eos
works have been translated into every major living language , and William_Shakespeare plays are continually performed all around the world . In addition , many quotations and neologisms from William_Shakespeare plays have passed into everyday usage in English and other languages . Over the years , many people have speculated about William_Shakespeare life , raising questions about William_Shakespeare sexuality , religious affiliation , and the authorship of William_Shakespeare works . eos
plays are continually performed all around the world . In addition , many quotations and neologisms from William_Shakespeare plays have passed into everyday usage in English and other languages . Over the years , many people have speculated about William_Shakespeare life , raising questions about William_Shakespeare sexuality , religious affiliation , and the authorship of William_Shakespeare works . eos
plays have passed into everyday usage in English and other languages . Over the years , many people have speculated about William_Shakespeare life , raising questions about William_Shakespeare sexuality , religious affiliation , and the authorship of William_Shakespeare works . eos
life , raising questions about William_Shakespeare sexuality , religious affiliation , and the authorship of William_Shakespeare works . eos
sexuality , religious affiliation , and the authorship of William_Shakespeare works . eos
works . eos
( born march 22 , 1931 ) is an Emmy - winning and Golden Globe - winning Canadian actor , William_Shatner gained fame for William_Shatner starring role as Captain James T Kirk of the USS Enterprise in the television show Star Trek from 1966 to 1969 and in seven of the subsequent movies . William_Shatner has written three books chronicling William_Shatner experiences playing James T Kirk and being a part of Star Trek . William_Shatner also played the title role as veteran police sergeant TJ Hooker , from 1982 to 1986 , on both ABC and CBS networks . eos
gained fame for William_Shatner starring role as Captain James T Kirk of the USS Enterprise in the television show Star Trek from 1966 to 1969 and in seven of the subsequent movies . William_Shatner has written three books chronicling William_Shatner experiences playing James T Kirk and being a part of Star Trek . William_Shatner also played the title role as veteran police sergeant TJ Hooker , from 1982 to 1986 , on both ABC and CBS networks . eos
starring role as Captain James T Kirk of the USS Enterprise in the television show Star Trek from 1966 to 1969 and in seven of the subsequent movies . William_Shatner has written three books chronicling William_Shatner experiences playing James T Kirk and being a part of Star Trek . William_Shatner also played the title role as veteran police sergeant TJ Hooker , from 1982 to 1986 , on both ABC and CBS networks . eos
has written three books chronicling William_Shatner experiences playing James T Kirk and being a part of Star Trek . William_Shatner also played the title role as veteran police sergeant TJ Hooker , from 1982 to 1986 , on both ABC and CBS networks . William_Shatner has since worked as a musician , bestselling celebrity author , producer , director , and celebrity pitchman , most notably for Pricelinedotcom and DirecTV . eos
experiences playing James T Kirk and being a part of Star Trek . William_Shatner also played the title role as veteran police sergeant TJ Hooker , from 1982 to 1986 , on both ABC and CBS networks . William_Shatner has since worked as a musician , bestselling celebrity author , producer , director , and celebrity pitchman , most notably for Pricelinedotcom and DirecTV . eos
also played the title role as veteran police sergeant TJ Hooker , from 1982 to 1986 , on both ABC and CBS networks . William_Shatner has since worked as a musician , bestselling celebrity author , producer , director , and celebrity pitchman , most notably for Pricelinedotcom and DirecTV . Currently , William_Shatner stars as attorney Denny Crane on the television drama Boston Legal , for which William_Shatner has won an Emmy and a Golden Globe Award . eos
has since worked as a musician , bestselling celebrity author , producer , director , and celebrity pitchman , most notably for Pricelinedotcom and DirecTV . Currently , William_Shatner stars as attorney Denny Crane on the television drama Boston Legal , for which William_Shatner has won an Emmy and a Golden Globe Award . eos
stars as attorney Denny Crane on the television drama Boston Legal , for which William_Shatner has won an Emmy and a Golden Globe Award . eos
has won an Emmy and a Golden Globe Award . eos
, CC , MC , DC ( january 23 , 1897 - january 31 , 1989 ) was a Canadian soldier , airman , businessman , inventor , spymaster , and the senior representative of British intelligence for the entire western hemisphere during World War II . William_Stephenson is best - known by William_Stephenson wartime intelligence codename of Intrepid . Some consider William_Stephenson to be one of the real - life inspirations for James Bond . eos
is best - known by William_Stephenson wartime intelligence codename of Intrepid . Some consider William_Stephenson to be one of the real - life inspirations for James Bond . eos
wartime intelligence codename of Intrepid . Some consider William_Stephenson to be one of the real - life inspirations for James Bond . eos
to be one of the real - life inspirations for James Bond . eos
( sometimes spelled Tindale or Tindall ) ( circa 1494 - october 6 , 1536 ) was a 16th century religious reformer and scholar William_Tyndale translated the Bible into the Early Modern English of William_Tyndale day . Although numerous partial and complete English translations had been made from the 7th century onward , William_Tyndale was the first to take advantage of the new medium of print , which allowed for its wide distribution . eos
translated the Bible into the Early Modern English of William_Tyndale day . Although numerous partial and complete English translations had been made from the 7th century onward , William_Tyndale was the first to take advantage of the new medium of print , which allowed for its wide distribution . In 1535 William_Tyndale was tried for heresy and treason and then strangled and burnt at the stake . eos
day . Although numerous partial and complete English translations had been made from the 7th century onward , William_Tyndale was the first to take advantage of the new medium of print , which allowed for its wide distribution . In 1535 William_Tyndale was tried for heresy and treason and then strangled and burnt at the stake . eos
was the first to take advantage of the new medium of print , which allowed for its wide distribution . In 1535 William_Tyndale was tried for heresy and treason and then strangled and burnt at the stake . Much of William_Tyndale work eventually found its way to the King James Version ( or Authorised Version ) of the Bible , published in 1611 , which , though the work of 54 independent scholars , is based primarily on William_Tyndale translations . eos
was tried for heresy and treason and then strangled and burnt at the stake . Much of William_Tyndale work eventually found its way to the King James Version ( or Authorised Version ) of the Bible , published in 1611 , which , though the work of 54 independent scholars , is based primarily on William_Tyndale translations . eos
work eventually found its way to the King James Version ( or Authorised Version ) of the Bible , published in 1611 , which , though the work of 54 independent scholars , is based primarily on William_Tyndale translations . eos
translations . eos
( c.1270 - 23 august , 1305 ) was a Scottish knight William_Wallace led a resistance to the English occupation of Scotland during significant periods of the Wars of Scottish Independence . William_Wallace was the inspiration for the historical novel The Acts and Deeds of Sir William Wallace , Knight of Elderslie written by the 15th century minstrel Blind Harry . This work is more of a novel than a biography and is responsible for much of the legend encompassing the history of William_Wallace . eos
led a resistance to the English occupation of Scotland during significant periods of the Wars of Scottish Independence . William_Wallace was the inspiration for the historical novel The Acts and Deeds of Sir William Wallace , Knight of Elderslie written by the 15th century minstrel Blind Harry . This work is more of a novel than a biography and is responsible for much of the legend encompassing the history of William_Wallace . eos
was the inspiration for the historical novel The Acts and Deeds of Sir William Wallace , Knight of Elderslie written by the 15th century minstrel Blind Harry . This work is more of a novel than a biography and is responsible for much of the legend encompassing the history of William_Wallace . The film Braveheart is based upon the novel . eos
. The film Braveheart is based upon the novel . eos
( 24 august 1759 - 29 july 1833 ) was a Tory English parliamentarian and leader of the campaign against the slave trade . eos
KG OM CH TDFS PC ( Can ) ( 30 november 1874 - 24 january 1965 ) was an English statesman and author , best known as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom during the Second World War . Well - known as an orator , strategist , and politician , Winston_Churchill was one of the most important leaders in modern British and world history . eos
was one of the most important leaders in modern British and world history . Winston_Churchill won the 1953 Nobel Prize in Literature for Winston_Churchill many books on English and world history . Winston_Churchill was voted the greatest - ever Briton in the 2002 BBC poll the 100 Greatest Britons . eos
won the 1953 Nobel Prize in Literature for Winston_Churchill many books on English and world history . Winston_Churchill was voted the greatest - ever Briton in the 2002 BBC poll the 100 Greatest Britons . eos
many books on English and world history . Winston_Churchill was voted the greatest - ever Briton in the 2002 BBC poll the 100 Greatest Britons . eos
was voted the greatest - ever Briton in the 2002 BBC poll the 100 Greatest Britons . eos
( born 13 july 1934 ) is a Nigerian writer , poet and playwright . Some consider Wole_Soyinka Africa 's most distinguished playwright , as Wole_Soyinka won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1986 , the first African to be so honored . Wole_Soyinka was born into a Yoruba family , specifically , an Egba family in Abeokuta , Nigeria in 1934 . eos
Africa 's most distinguished playwright , as Wole_Soyinka won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1986 , the first African to be so honored . Wole_Soyinka was born into a Yoruba family , specifically , an Egba family in Abeokuta , Nigeria in 1934 . Wole_Soyinka received a primary school education in Abeokuta and Wole_Soyinka attended secondary school at Government College , Ibadan . eos
won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1986 , the first African to be so honored . Wole_Soyinka was born into a Yoruba family , specifically , an Egba family in Abeokuta , Nigeria in 1934 . Wole_Soyinka received a primary school education in Abeokuta and Wole_Soyinka attended secondary school at Government College , Ibadan . eos
was born into a Yoruba family , specifically , an Egba family in Abeokuta , Nigeria in 1934 . Wole_Soyinka received a primary school education in Abeokuta and Wole_Soyinka attended secondary school at Government College , Ibadan . Wole_Soyinka then studied at the University College , Ibadan ( 1952 - 1954 ) and the University of Leeds ( 1954 - 1957 ) from which Wole_Soyinka received an honours degree in English Literature . eos
received a primary school education in Abeokuta and Wole_Soyinka attended secondary school at Government College , Ibadan . Wole_Soyinka then studied at the University College , Ibadan ( 1952 - 1954 ) and the University of Leeds ( 1954 - 1957 ) from which Wole_Soyinka received an honours degree in English Literature . Wole_Soyinka worked as a play reader at the Royal Court Theatre in London before returning to Nigeria to study African drama . eos
attended secondary school at Government College , Ibadan . Wole_Soyinka then studied at the University College , Ibadan ( 1952 - 1954 ) and the University of Leeds ( 1954 - 1957 ) from which Wole_Soyinka received an honours degree in English Literature . Wole_Soyinka worked as a play reader at the Royal Court Theatre in London before returning to Nigeria to study African drama . eos
then studied at the University College , Ibadan ( 1952 - 1954 ) and the University of Leeds ( 1954 - 1957 ) from which Wole_Soyinka received an honours degree in English Literature . Wole_Soyinka worked as a play reader at the Royal Court Theatre in London before returning to Nigeria to study African drama . Wole_Soyinka taught in the Universities of Lagos , Ibadan , and Ife ( becoming Professor of Comparative Literature there in 1975 ) . eos
received an honours degree in English Literature . Wole_Soyinka worked as a play reader at the Royal Court Theatre in London before returning to Nigeria to study African drama . Wole_Soyinka taught in the Universities of Lagos , Ibadan , and Ife ( becoming Professor of Comparative Literature there in 1975 ) . eos
worked as a play reader at the Royal Court Theatre in London before returning to Nigeria to study African drama . Wole_Soyinka taught in the Universities of Lagos , Ibadan , and Ife ( becoming Professor of Comparative Literature there in 1975 ) . Wole_Soyinka has played an active role in Nigeria 's political history . eos
taught in the Universities of Lagos , Ibadan , and Ife ( becoming Professor of Comparative Literature there in 1975 ) . Wole_Soyinka has played an active role in Nigeria 's political history . In 1967 , during the Nigerian Civil War Wole_Soyinka was arrested by the Federal Government of General Yakubu Gowan and put in solitary confinement for Wole_Soyinka attempts at brokering a peace between the warring parties . eos
has played an active role in Nigeria 's political history . In 1967 , during the Nigerian Civil War Wole_Soyinka was arrested by the Federal Government of General Yakubu Gowan and put in solitary confinement for Wole_Soyinka attempts at brokering a peace between the warring parties . While in prison eos
was arrested by the Federal Government of General Yakubu Gowan and put in solitary confinement for Wole_Soyinka attempts at brokering a peace between the warring parties . While in prison Wole_Soyinka wrote poetry which was published in a collection titled Poems from Prison . eos
attempts at brokering a peace between the warring parties . While in prison Wole_Soyinka wrote poetry which was published in a collection titled Poems from Prison . eos
wrote poetry which was published in a collection titled Poems from Prison . Wole_Soyinka was released 22 months later after international attention was drawn to Wole_Soyinka imprisonment . Wole_Soyinka experiences in prison are recounted in Wole_Soyinka book eos
was released 22 months later after international attention was drawn to Wole_Soyinka imprisonment . Wole_Soyinka experiences in prison are recounted in Wole_Soyinka book The Man Died : Prison Notes . eos
imprisonment . Wole_Soyinka experiences in prison are recounted in Wole_Soyinka book The Man Died : Prison Notes . eos
experiences in prison are recounted in Wole_Soyinka book The Man Died : Prison Notes . Wole_Soyinka has been an outspoken critic of many Nigerian administrations , and of political tyrannies worldwide , including the Mugabe regime in Zimbabwe . eos
book The Man Died : Prison Notes . Wole_Soyinka has been an outspoken critic of many Nigerian administrations , and of political tyrannies worldwide , including the Mugabe regime in Zimbabwe . eos
has been an outspoken critic of many Nigerian administrations , and of political tyrannies worldwide , including the Mugabe regime in Zimbabwe . A great deal of Wole_Soyinka writing has been concerned with ` ` the oppressive boot and the irrelevance of the colour of the foot that wears it '' . This activism has often exposed Wole_Soyinka to great personal risk , most notable during the government of the Nigerian dictator General Sani Abacha ( 1993 - 1998 ) . eos
writing has been concerned with ` ` the oppressive boot and the irrelevance of the colour of the foot that wears it '' . This activism has often exposed Wole_Soyinka to great personal risk , most notable during the government of the Nigerian dictator General Sani Abacha ( 1993 - 1998 ) . During Abacha 's dictatorship , Wole_Soyinka left the country on voluntary exile and Wole_Soyinka has since been living abroad ( mainly in the United States where Wole_Soyinka was a professor at Emory University in Atlanta ) . eos
to great personal risk , most notable during the government of the Nigerian dictator General Sani Abacha ( 1993 - 1998 ) . During Abacha 's dictatorship , Wole_Soyinka left the country on voluntary exile and Wole_Soyinka has since been living abroad ( mainly in the United States where Wole_Soyinka was a professor at Emory University in Atlanta ) . When civilian rule returned in 1999 , Wole_Soyinka accepted an emeritus post at Ife ( now Obafemi Awolowo University ) on the condition that the university bar all former military officers from the position of chancellor . eos
left the country on voluntary exile and Wole_Soyinka has since been living abroad ( mainly in the United States where Wole_Soyinka was a professor at Emory University in Atlanta ) . When civilian rule returned in 1999 , Wole_Soyinka accepted an emeritus post at Ife ( now Obafemi Awolowo University ) on the condition that the university bar all former military officers from the position of chancellor . Wole_Soyinka is currently the Elias Ghanem Professor of Creative Writing at the English department of the University of Nevada , Las Vegas . eos
has since been living abroad ( mainly in the United States where Wole_Soyinka was a professor at Emory University in Atlanta ) . When civilian rule returned in 1999 , Wole_Soyinka accepted an emeritus post at Ife ( now Obafemi Awolowo University ) on the condition that the university bar all former military officers from the position of chancellor . Wole_Soyinka is currently the Elias Ghanem Professor of Creative Writing at the English department of the University of Nevada , Las Vegas . eos
was a professor at Emory University in Atlanta ) . When civilian rule returned in 1999 , Wole_Soyinka accepted an emeritus post at Ife ( now Obafemi Awolowo University ) on the condition that the university bar all former military officers from the position of chancellor . Wole_Soyinka is currently the Elias Ghanem Professor of Creative Writing at the English department of the University of Nevada , Las Vegas . eos
accepted an emeritus post at Ife ( now Obafemi Awolowo University ) on the condition that the university bar all former military officers from the position of chancellor . Wole_Soyinka is currently the Elias Ghanem Professor of Creative Writing at the English department of the University of Nevada , Las Vegas . In 2005 , Wole_Soyinka became one of the spearheads of an alternative National conference - POACO . eos
is currently the Elias Ghanem Professor of Creative Writing at the English department of the University of Nevada , Las Vegas . In 2005 , Wole_Soyinka became one of the spearheads of an alternative National conference - POACO . eos
became one of the spearheads of an alternative National conference - POACO . eos
( baptized as Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart ; january 27 , 1756 - december 5 , 1791 ) was a prolific and highly influential composer of Classical music . Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart enormous output of more than six hundred compositions includes works that are widely acknowledged as pinnacles of symphonic , chamber , piano , operatic , and choral music . Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart is among the most enduringly popular of European composers , and many of Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart works are part of the standard concert repertoire . eos
enormous output of more than six hundred compositions includes works that are widely acknowledged as pinnacles of symphonic , chamber , piano , operatic , and choral music . Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart is among the most enduringly popular of European composers , and many of Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart works are part of the standard concert repertoire . eos
is among the most enduringly popular of European composers , and many of Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart works are part of the standard concert repertoire . eos
works are part of the standard concert repertoire . eos
( Arabic : يوسف القرضاوي ) ( born september 9 , 1926 ) is an Egyptian Muslim scholar and preacher best known for Yusuf_al-Qaradawi popular al Jazeera program , ash - Shariah wal - Hayat ( ` ` Shariah and Life '' ) , and IslamOnline , a website that Yusuf_al-Qaradawi helped to found in 1997 . eos
popular al Jazeera program , ash - Shariah wal - Hayat ( ` ` Shariah and Life '' ) , and IslamOnline , a website that Yusuf_al-Qaradawi helped to found in 1997 . Yusuf_al-Qaradawi has also published some fifty books , including The Lawful and the Prohibited in Islam and Islam : The Future Civilization . eos
helped to found in 1997 . Yusuf_al-Qaradawi has also published some fifty books , including The Lawful and the Prohibited in Islam and Islam : The Future Civilization . Among Muslims , Yusuf_al-Qaradawi is considered a moderate conservative offering balanced opinions and religious edicts ` ` fatwah '' for them . eos
has also published some fifty books , including The Lawful and the Prohibited in Islam and Islam : The Future Civilization . Among Muslims , Yusuf_al-Qaradawi is considered a moderate conservative offering balanced opinions and religious edicts ` ` fatwah '' for them . Yusuf_al-Qaradawi is taking the following from Qur ` an as Yusuf_al-Qaradawi token . eos
is considered a moderate conservative offering balanced opinions and religious edicts ` ` fatwah '' for them . Yusuf_al-Qaradawi is taking the following from Qur ` an as Yusuf_al-Qaradawi token . Others consider Yusuf_al-Qaradawi as a dangerous islamist , someone who rejects universal human rights and democracy . eos
is taking the following from Qur ` an as Yusuf_al-Qaradawi token . Others consider Yusuf_al-Qaradawi as a dangerous islamist , someone who rejects universal human rights and democracy . Yusuf_al-Qaradawi is particularly noted for Yusuf_al-Qaradawi support of Palestinian suicide bombings . eos
token . Others consider Yusuf_al-Qaradawi as a dangerous islamist , someone who rejects universal human rights and democracy . Yusuf_al-Qaradawi is particularly noted for Yusuf_al-Qaradawi support of Palestinian suicide bombings . eos
as a dangerous islamist , someone who rejects universal human rights and democracy . Yusuf_al-Qaradawi is particularly noted for Yusuf_al-Qaradawi support of Palestinian suicide bombings . eos
support of Palestinian suicide bombings . eos
is particularly noted for Yusuf_al-Qaradawi support of Palestinian suicide bombings . eos
( Avestan : Zaraθuštra ) , sometimes , in English , referred to as Zoroaster ( after the Greek Ζωροάστρης , Zōroastrēs ) was an ancient Iranian prophet and the founder of Zoroastrianism , a religion that was the national religion of the Sassanian Empire of Persia , and is predominantly practiced today by the Parsi community of India . Zoroastrianism also played an important role in the earlier Achaemenean and Parthian empires . In Persian , the name takes the form Zartosht ( زرتشت ) . eos
is generally accepted as a historical figure , but efforts to date Zoroaster vary widely . Scholarly estimates are usually roughly near 1200 BC , making Zoroaster a candidate as the founder of the earliest religion based on revealed scripture , while others place Zoroaster anywhere between the 18th and the 6th centuries BC . eos
vary widely . Scholarly estimates are usually roughly near 1200 BC , making Zoroaster a candidate as the founder of the earliest religion based on revealed scripture , while others place Zoroaster anywhere between the 18th and the 6th centuries BC . eos
a candidate as the founder of the earliest religion based on revealed scripture , while others place Zoroaster anywhere between the 18th and the 6th centuries BC . eos
anywhere between the 18th and the 6th centuries BC . eos
or River Amazon ( "" Spanish : Río Amazonas "" ; "" Portuguese : Rio Amazonas "" ) of South America is the most voluminous river on earth , having a greater total flow than the next six largest rivers combined . eos
is sometimes known as The River Sea . Amazon_River is also generally regarded by most geographic authorities as being the second longest river on Earth ( the longest being the Nile in Africa ) . The drainage area of Amazon_River in Brazil , called the Amazon Basin , is the largest of any river system . eos
is also generally regarded by most geographic authorities as being the second longest river on Earth ( the longest being the Nile in Africa ) . The drainage area of Amazon_River in Brazil , called the Amazon Basin , is the largest of any river system . If the Basin were an independent country , it would be the world 's seventh largest , having more than twice the area of India ( which actually does rank seventh ) . eos
in Brazil , called the Amazon Basin , is the largest of any river system . If the Basin were an independent country , it would be the world 's seventh largest , having more than twice the area of India ( which actually does rank seventh ) . The quantity of fresh water released by Amazon_River to the Atlantic Ocean is enormous : up to 300,000 m ³ per second in the rainy season . eos
to the Atlantic Ocean is enormous : up to 300,000 m ³ per second in the rainy season . Indeed , Amazon_River is responsible for a fifth of the total volume of fresh water entering the oceans worldwide . It is said that offshore of the mouth of Amazon_River potable water can be drawn from the ocean while still out of sight of the coastline , and the salinity of the ocean is notably lower a hundred miles out to sea . eos
is responsible for a fifth of the total volume of fresh water entering the oceans worldwide . It is said that offshore of the mouth of Amazon_River potable water can be drawn from the ocean while still out of sight of the coastline , and the salinity of the ocean is notably lower a hundred miles out to sea . This mixture of fresh and salt water is known as brackish water . eos
potable water can be drawn from the ocean while still out of sight of the coastline , and the salinity of the ocean is notably lower a hundred miles out to sea . This mixture of fresh and salt water is known as brackish water . This huge amount of water is responsible for the fact that Amazon_River has no clouds above Amazon_River channel near Amazon_River mouth , as it is very easy to see in the satellite image . eos
mouth , as it is very easy to see in the satellite image . The reason for this is that satellite images are almost always taken during morning hours , when there are fewer clouds . This time of the day is also when water is colder and land is beginning to be much warmer : above big rivers ( the Orinoco and Caura rivers in Venezuela and many more have the same characteristic ) , cold waters create a high pressure air mass which make rivers easy to see through clouds . eos
has no clouds above Amazon_River channel near Amazon_River mouth , as it is very easy to see in the satellite image . The reason for this is that satellite images are almost always taken during morning hours , when there are fewer clouds . This time of the day is also when water is colder and land is beginning to be much warmer : above big rivers ( the Orinoco and Caura rivers in Venezuela and many more have the same characteristic ) , cold waters create a high pressure air mass which make rivers easy to see through clouds . eos
channel near Amazon_River mouth , as it is very easy to see in the satellite image . The reason for this is that satellite images are almost always taken during morning hours , when there are fewer clouds . This time of the day is also when water is colder and land is beginning to be much warmer : above big rivers ( the Orinoco and Caura rivers in Venezuela and many more have the same characteristic ) , cold waters create a high pressure air mass which make rivers easy to see through clouds . eos
( Amazon_River is usually between one and six miles wide ) is navigable for large ocean steamers to Manaus , 1,500 km ( more than 900 miles ) upriver from the mouth . Smaller ocean vessels of 3,000 tons and 5.5 m ( 18 ft ) draft can reach as far as Iquitos , 3,600 km ( 2,250 miles ) from the sea . Smaller riverboats can reach 780 km ( 486 mi ) higher as far as Achual Point . eos
is usually between one and six miles wide ) is navigable for large ocean steamers to Manaus , 1,500 km ( more than 900 miles ) upriver from the mouth . Smaller ocean vessels of 3,000 tons and 5.5 m ( 18 ft ) draft can reach as far as Iquitos , 3,600 km ( 2,250 miles ) from the sea . Smaller riverboats can reach 780 km ( 486 mi ) higher as far as Achual Point . eos
drains an area of some 6,915,000 km ² ( 2,722,000 mile ² ) , or some 40 percent of South America . Amazon_River gathers Amazon_River waters from 5 degrees north latitude to 20 degrees south latitude . Amazon_River most remote sources are found on the inter - Andean plateau , just a short distance from the Pacific Ocean ; and , after a course of about 6,400 km ( 4,000 mi ) through the interior of Peru and across Brazil , Amazon_River enters the Atlantic Ocean at the equator . eos
gathers Amazon_River waters from 5 degrees north latitude to 20 degrees south latitude . Amazon_River most remote sources are found on the inter - Andean plateau , just a short distance from the Pacific Ocean ; and , after a course of about 6,400 km ( 4,000 mi ) through the interior of Peru and across Brazil , Amazon_River enters the Atlantic Ocean at the equator . Amazon_River has changed Amazon_River drainage several times , from westward in the early Cenozoic to Amazon_River present eastward locomotion following the uplift of the Andes . eos
waters from 5 degrees north latitude to 20 degrees south latitude . Amazon_River most remote sources are found on the inter - Andean plateau , just a short distance from the Pacific Ocean ; and , after a course of about 6,400 km ( 4,000 mi ) through the interior of Peru and across Brazil , Amazon_River enters the Atlantic Ocean at the equator . Amazon_River has changed Amazon_River drainage several times , from westward in the early Cenozoic to Amazon_River present eastward locomotion following the uplift of the Andes . eos
most remote sources are found on the inter - Andean plateau , just a short distance from the Pacific Ocean ; and , after a course of about 6,400 km ( 4,000 mi ) through the interior of Peru and across Brazil , Amazon_River enters the Atlantic Ocean at the equator . Amazon_River has changed Amazon_River drainage several times , from westward in the early Cenozoic to Amazon_River present eastward locomotion following the uplift of the Andes . eos
enters the Atlantic Ocean at the equator . Amazon_River has changed Amazon_River drainage several times , from westward in the early Cenozoic to Amazon_River present eastward locomotion following the uplift of the Andes . eos
has changed Amazon_River drainage several times , from westward in the early Cenozoic to Amazon_River present eastward locomotion following the uplift of the Andes . eos
drainage several times , from westward in the early Cenozoic to Amazon_River present eastward locomotion following the uplift of the Andes . eos
present eastward locomotion following the uplift of the Andes . eos
or , in Portuguese , Rio Araguaia is one of the major rivers of Brazil , and the principal tributary of the Tocantins . Araguaia_River has a total length of approximately 2,627 km . eos
has a total length of approximately 2,627 km . eos
is a major tributary of the Mississippi River . Arkansas_River generally flows to the east and southeast , and Arkansas_River traverses the states of Colorado , Kansas , Oklahoma , and Arkansas . At 1450 miles ( 2334 km ) eos
generally flows to the east and southeast , and Arkansas_River traverses the states of Colorado , Kansas , Oklahoma , and Arkansas . At 1450 miles ( 2334 km ) Arkansas_River is the fourth longest river in the United States . eos
traverses the states of Colorado , Kansas , Oklahoma , and Arkansas . At 1450 miles ( 2334 km ) Arkansas_River is the fourth longest river in the United States . eos
is the fourth longest river in the United States . Arkansas_River origin is in the Colorado Rockies in Lake County near Leadville , and Arkansas_River outlet is at the historic site of Napoleon , Arkansas . Arkansas_River is the 2nd largest tributary in the Mississippi - Missouri system , with a drainage basin of nearly 195,000 sq . eos
origin is in the Colorado Rockies in Lake County near Leadville , and Arkansas_River outlet is at the historic site of Napoleon , Arkansas . Arkansas_River is the 2nd largest tributary in the Mississippi - Missouri system , with a drainage basin of nearly 195,000 sq . mi . eos
outlet is at the historic site of Napoleon , Arkansas . Arkansas_River is the 2nd largest tributary in the Mississippi - Missouri system , with a drainage basin of nearly 195,000 sq . mi . eos
is the 2nd largest tributary in the Mississippi - Missouri system , with a drainage basin of nearly 195,000 sq . mi . ( 505,000 km ² ) ( See watershed maps : eos
has three distinct characters in Arkansas_River long path through central North America . At Arkansas_River headwaters Arkansas_River runs as a steep mountain torrent through the Rockies , dropping 4600 feet ( 1.4 km ) in 120 miles ( 193 km ) . At Cañon City , Colorado , Arkansas_River leaves the mountains and enters Royal Gorge . eos
long path through central North America . At Arkansas_River headwaters Arkansas_River runs as a steep mountain torrent through the Rockies , dropping 4600 feet ( 1.4 km ) in 120 miles ( 193 km ) . At Cañon City , Colorado , Arkansas_River leaves the mountains and enters Royal Gorge . eos
headwaters Arkansas_River runs as a steep mountain torrent through the Rockies , dropping 4600 feet ( 1.4 km ) in 120 miles ( 193 km ) . At Cañon City , Colorado , Arkansas_River leaves the mountains and enters Royal Gorge . This section sees extensive Whitewater rafting in the spring and summer . eos
runs as a steep mountain torrent through the Rockies , dropping 4600 feet ( 1.4 km ) in 120 miles ( 193 km ) . At Cañon City , Colorado , Arkansas_River leaves the mountains and enters Royal Gorge . This section sees extensive Whitewater rafting in the spring and summer . eos
leaves the mountains and enters Royal Gorge . This section sees extensive Whitewater rafting in the spring and summer . For most of Arkansas_River length through the rest of Colorado and Kansas , Arkansas_River is a typical Great Plains riverway , with wide shallow banks , subject to seasonal flooding . eos
length through the rest of Colorado and Kansas , Arkansas_River is a typical Great Plains riverway , with wide shallow banks , subject to seasonal flooding . Tributaries include the Cimarron River flowing from NE New Mexico and the Salt Fork Arkansas River Important cities along the Lower Arkansas include : Wichita , Kansas , Tulsa , Oklahoma , and Little Rock , Arkansas . The I-40 Bridge Disaster of May 2002 took place on I-40 's crossing of Arkansas_River near Webbers Falls , Oklahoma . eos
is a typical Great Plains riverway , with wide shallow banks , subject to seasonal flooding . Tributaries include the Cimarron River flowing from NE New Mexico and the Salt Fork Arkansas River Important cities along the Lower Arkansas include : Wichita , Kansas , Tulsa , Oklahoma , and Little Rock , Arkansas . The I-40 Bridge Disaster of May 2002 took place on I-40 's crossing of Arkansas_River near Webbers Falls , Oklahoma . eos
near Webbers Falls , Oklahoma . eos
is a river in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico , approximately 1,450 mi ( 2,330 km ) long , draining a part of the arid regions on the western slope of the Rocky Mountains . The natural course of Colorado_River flows into the Gulf of California , but the heavy use of Colorado_River as an irrigation source for Imperial Valley has desiccated the lower course of Colorado_River in Mexico such that Colorado_River no longer consistently reaches the sea . Colorado_River drains 242,900 sq mi ( 629,100 km ² ) . eos
flows into the Gulf of California , but the heavy use of Colorado_River as an irrigation source for Imperial Valley has desiccated the lower course of Colorado_River in Mexico such that Colorado_River no longer consistently reaches the sea . Colorado_River drains 242,900 sq mi ( 629,100 km ² ) . Total flows of Colorado_River range from 20,000 cubic feet per second ( 570 m ³ / s ) in droughts to 1,000,000 ft ³ / s ( 28,000 m ³ / s ) in severe floods . eos
as an irrigation source for Imperial Valley has desiccated the lower course of Colorado_River in Mexico such that Colorado_River no longer consistently reaches the sea . Colorado_River drains 242,900 sq mi ( 629,100 km ² ) . Total flows of Colorado_River range from 20,000 cubic feet per second ( 570 m ³ / s ) in droughts to 1,000,000 ft ³ / s ( 28,000 m ³ / s ) in severe floods . eos
in Mexico such that Colorado_River no longer consistently reaches the sea . Colorado_River drains 242,900 sq mi ( 629,100 km ² ) . Total flows of Colorado_River range from 20,000 cubic feet per second ( 570 m ³ / s ) in droughts to 1,000,000 ft ³ / s ( 28,000 m ³ / s ) in severe floods . eos
no longer consistently reaches the sea . Colorado_River drains 242,900 sq mi ( 629,100 km ² ) . Total flows of Colorado_River range from 20,000 cubic feet per second ( 570 m ³ / s ) in droughts to 1,000,000 ft ³ / s ( 28,000 m ³ / s ) in severe floods . eos
drains 242,900 sq mi ( 629,100 km ² ) . Total flows of Colorado_River range from 20,000 cubic feet per second ( 570 m ³ / s ) in droughts to 1,000,000 ft ³ / s ( 28,000 m ³ / s ) in severe floods . With the construction of massive power dams on the lower course of Colorado_River , floods of over 70,000 ft ³ / s ( 2000 m ³ / s ) are rare . eos
range from 20,000 cubic feet per second ( 570 m ³ / s ) in droughts to 1,000,000 ft ³ / s ( 28,000 m ³ / s ) in severe floods . With the construction of massive power dams on the lower course of Colorado_River , floods of over 70,000 ft ³ / s ( 2000 m ³ / s ) are rare . The mean flow of Colorado_River before diversion is 42,600 ft ³ / s ( 1206 m ³ / s ) . eos
, floods of over 70,000 ft ³ / s ( 2000 m ³ / s ) are rare . The mean flow of Colorado_River before diversion is 42,600 ft ³ / s ( 1206 m ³ / s ) . At full flow more runoff volume exists in Colorado_River than any other in North America except the Mississippi and Columbia . eos
before diversion is 42,600 ft ³ / s ( 1206 m ³ / s ) . At full flow more runoff volume exists in Colorado_River than any other in North America except the Mississippi and Columbia . eos
than any other in North America except the Mississippi and Columbia . eos
is the 18th longest river in the United States . Colorado_River_Texas flows generally southeast from Dawson County through Marble Falls , Austin , Bastrop , Smithville , La Grange , Columbus , and Bay City before emptying into the Gulf of Mexico at Matagorda Bay . It is this confusion as well as an alleged mapping error that is believed to have led to Colorado_River_Texas misnaming . eos
flows generally southeast from Dawson County through Marble Falls , Austin , Bastrop , Smithville , La Grange , Columbus , and Bay City before emptying into the Gulf of Mexico at Matagorda Bay . It is this confusion as well as an alleged mapping error that is believed to have led to Colorado_River_Texas misnaming . Colorado_River_Texas is an important source of water for farming , cities , and electrical power production . eos
misnaming . Colorado_River_Texas is an important source of water for farming , cities , and electrical power production . Major man - made reservoirs on Colorado_River_Texas include Lake Marble Falls , Lake Buchanan , Inks Lake , Lake LBJ , Lake Travis , Lake Austin , and Town Lake in Austin . eos
is an important source of water for farming , cities , and electrical power production . Major man - made reservoirs on Colorado_River_Texas include Lake Marble Falls , Lake Buchanan , Inks Lake , Lake LBJ , Lake Travis , Lake Austin , and Town Lake in Austin . Collectively , these lakes are known as the Highland Lakes . eos
include Lake Marble Falls , Lake Buchanan , Inks Lake , Lake LBJ , Lake Travis , Lake Austin , and Town Lake in Austin . Collectively , these lakes are known as the Highland Lakes . In addition to power plants operating on each of the major lakes , waters of Colorado_River_Texas are used for cooling the South Texas Nuclear Project , near Bay City . eos
are used for cooling the South Texas Nuclear Project , near Bay City . Flood control and use of Colorado_River_Texas is managed by three agencies established by the Texas Legislature , the Upper Colorado River Authority , Central Colorado River Authority , and Lower Colorado River Authority . There are 11 major reservoirs along Colorado_River_Texas . eos
is managed by three agencies established by the Texas Legislature , the Upper Colorado River Authority , Central Colorado River Authority , and Lower Colorado River Authority . There are 11 major reservoirs along Colorado_River_Texas . eos
. eos
( French : fleuve Columbia ) is a river situated in British Columbia and the Pacific Northwest of the United States . Columbia_River is the largest river in volume flowing into the Pacific Ocean from the Western Hemisphere , and Columbia_River is the second largest by volume in North America behind the Mississippi . In rare years , Columbia_River flow may actually exceed that of the Mississippi . eos
is the largest river in volume flowing into the Pacific Ocean from the Western Hemisphere , and Columbia_River is the second largest by volume in North America behind the Mississippi . In rare years , Columbia_River flow may actually exceed that of the Mississippi . The mean total flow is 262,000 ft ^ eos
is the second largest by volume in North America behind the Mississippi . In rare years , Columbia_River flow may actually exceed that of the Mississippi . The mean total flow is 262,000 ft ^ eos
flow may actually exceed that of the Mississippi . The mean total flow is 262,000 ft ^ 3/s eos
is the largest hydroelectric power producing river in North America . From Columbia_River headwaters to the Pacific Ocean Columbia_River flows 1,232 miles ( 2,044 km ) , and Columbia_River drains 258,000 square miles ( 415,211 km ² ) . Because of Columbia_River large water volume , Columbia_River has the nickname ` the Mighty Columbia . ' eos
headwaters to the Pacific Ocean Columbia_River flows 1,232 miles ( 2,044 km ) , and Columbia_River drains 258,000 square miles ( 415,211 km ² ) . Because of Columbia_River large water volume , Columbia_River has the nickname ` the Mighty Columbia . ' Columbia_River is four times the volume of the Colorado River , fifteen times the volume of the Sacramento River , and over 100 times the volume of the Rio Grande River . eos
flows 1,232 miles ( 2,044 km ) , and Columbia_River drains 258,000 square miles ( 415,211 km ² ) . Because of Columbia_River large water volume , Columbia_River has the nickname ` the Mighty Columbia . ' Columbia_River is four times the volume of the Colorado River , fifteen times the volume of the Sacramento River , and over 100 times the volume of the Rio Grande River . eos
drains 258,000 square miles ( 415,211 km ² ) . Because of Columbia_River large water volume , Columbia_River has the nickname ` the Mighty Columbia . ' Columbia_River is four times the volume of the Colorado River , fifteen times the volume of the Sacramento River , and over 100 times the volume of the Rio Grande River . eos
has the nickname ` the Mighty Columbia . ' Columbia_River is four times the volume of the Colorado River , fifteen times the volume of the Sacramento River , and over 100 times the volume of the Rio Grande River . Columbia_River was named after Capt . eos
large water volume , Columbia_River has the nickname ` the Mighty Columbia . ' Columbia_River is four times the volume of the Colorado River , fifteen times the volume of the Sacramento River , and over 100 times the volume of the Rio Grande River . Columbia_River was named after Capt . eos
is four times the volume of the Colorado River , fifteen times the volume of the Sacramento River , and over 100 times the volume of the Rio Grande River . Columbia_River was named after Capt . Robert Gray 's ship Columbia Rediviva , the first to travel up Columbia_River . eos
was named after Capt . Robert Gray 's ship Columbia Rediviva , the first to travel up Columbia_River . eos
. eos
( ancient Danuvius , ancient Greek Ἴστρος Istros ) is the longest river of the European Union and Europe 's second - longest ( after the Volga ) . Danube originates in the Black Forest in Germany as two smaller rivers - the Brigach and the Breg - which join at Donaueschingen , and it is from here that Danube is known as the Danube , flowing generally eastwards for a distance of some 2850 km ( 1771 miles ) , passing through several Central and Eastern European capitals , before emptying into the Black Sea via the Danube Delta in Romania . Danube has been an important international waterway for centuries , as Danube remains today . eos
originates in the Black Forest in Germany as two smaller rivers - the Brigach and the Breg - which join at Donaueschingen , and it is from here that Danube is known as the Danube , flowing generally eastwards for a distance of some 2850 km ( 1771 miles ) , passing through several Central and Eastern European capitals , before emptying into the Black Sea via the Danube Delta in Romania . Danube has been an important international waterway for centuries , as Danube remains today . Known to history as one of the long - standing frontiers of the Roman Empire , Danube flows through - or Danube forms a part of the borders of - ten countries : Germany , Austria , Slovakia , Hungary , Croatia , Serbia , Bulgaria , Romania , Moldova , and Ukraine ; in addition , the drainage basin includes parts of ten more countries : Italy , Poland , Switzerland , Czech Republic , Slovenia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro , Republic of Macedonia , Moldova , and Albania . eos
is known as the Danube , flowing generally eastwards for a distance of some 2850 km ( 1771 miles ) , passing through several Central and Eastern European capitals , before emptying into the Black Sea via the Danube Delta in Romania . Danube has been an important international waterway for centuries , as Danube remains today . Known to history as one of the long - standing frontiers of the Roman Empire , Danube flows through - or Danube forms a part of the borders of - ten countries : Germany , Austria , Slovakia , Hungary , Croatia , Serbia , Bulgaria , Romania , Moldova , and Ukraine ; in addition , the drainage basin includes parts of ten more countries : Italy , Poland , Switzerland , Czech Republic , Slovenia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro , Republic of Macedonia , Moldova , and Albania . eos
has been an important international waterway for centuries , as Danube remains today . Known to history as one of the long - standing frontiers of the Roman Empire , Danube flows through - or Danube forms a part of the borders of - ten countries : Germany , Austria , Slovakia , Hungary , Croatia , Serbia , Bulgaria , Romania , Moldova , and Ukraine ; in addition , the drainage basin includes parts of ten more countries : Italy , Poland , Switzerland , Czech Republic , Slovenia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro , Republic of Macedonia , Moldova , and Albania . The names of Danube ( "" German : Donau "" , "" Slovak : Dunaj "" , eos
remains today . Known to history as one of the long - standing frontiers of the Roman Empire , Danube flows through - or Danube forms a part of the borders of - ten countries : Germany , Austria , Slovakia , Hungary , Croatia , Serbia , Bulgaria , Romania , Moldova , and Ukraine ; in addition , the drainage basin includes parts of ten more countries : Italy , Poland , Switzerland , Czech Republic , Slovenia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro , Republic of Macedonia , Moldova , and Albania . The names of Danube ( "" German : Donau "" , "" Slovak : Dunaj "" , eos
flows through - or Danube forms a part of the borders of - ten countries : Germany , Austria , Slovakia , Hungary , Croatia , Serbia , Bulgaria , Romania , Moldova , and Ukraine ; in addition , the drainage basin includes parts of ten more countries : Italy , Poland , Switzerland , Czech Republic , Slovenia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro , Republic of Macedonia , Moldova , and Albania . The names of Danube ( "" German : Donau "" , "" Slovak : Dunaj "" , "" Albanian : Danubi "" , "" Polish : Dunaj "" , eos
forms a part of the borders of - ten countries : Germany , Austria , Slovakia , Hungary , Croatia , Serbia , Bulgaria , Romania , Moldova , and Ukraine ; in addition , the drainage basin includes parts of ten more countries : Italy , Poland , Switzerland , Czech Republic , Slovenia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro , Republic of Macedonia , Moldova , and Albania . The names of Danube ( "" German : Donau "" , "" Slovak : Dunaj "" , "" Albanian : Danubi "" , "" Polish : Dunaj "" , eos
( "" German : Donau "" , "" Slovak : Dunaj "" , "" Albanian : Danubi "" , "" Polish : Dunaj "" , "" Hungarian : Duna "" , "" Croatian : Dunav "" , Serbian : Дунав / Dunav "" , "" Bulgarian : Дунав "" ( Dunav ) , eos
or Western Dvina ( "" Russian : Западная Двина́ ( Zapandnaya Dvina ) "" , "" Belorussian : Заходняя Дзвiна ( -LCB- ` Zahodniaja Dźvina ) "" , "" Latvian : Daugava "" , "" Polish : Dźwina "" , "" German : Düna "" ) is a river rising in the Valdai Hills , Russia , flowing through Russia , Belarus , and Latvia , draining into the Gulf of Riga , an arm of the Baltic Sea . The total length of Daugava is 1,020 km ( 633.7 mi . ) . eos
is 1,020 km ( 633.7 mi . ) . Daugava is connected by a canal with Berezina and Dnieper rivers . Daugava is not to be confused with Northern Dvina . eos
is connected by a canal with Berezina and Dnieper rivers . Daugava is not to be confused with Northern Dvina . There are three hydroelectric dams on Daugava - Rīgas HES just upstream from Riga or 35 km from the mouth of Daugava , Ķeguma HES eos
is not to be confused with Northern Dvina . There are three hydroelectric dams on Daugava - Rīgas HES just upstream from Riga or 35 km from the mouth of Daugava , Ķeguma HES another 35 km further up or 70 km from the mouth , and Pļaviņu HES another 37 km upstream or 107 km from the mouth . eos
- Rīgas HES just upstream from Riga or 35 km from the mouth of Daugava , Ķeguma HES another 35 km further up or 70 km from the mouth , and Pļaviņu HES another 37 km upstream or 107 km from the mouth . A fourth one , Daugavpils HES , has been planned but has always faced strong criticism . eos
, Ķeguma HES another 35 km further up or 70 km from the mouth , and Pļaviņu HES another 37 km upstream or 107 km from the mouth . A fourth one , Daugavpils HES , has been planned but has always faced strong criticism . eos
. eos
( also : Dnepr , Dniapro , or Dnipro ) is a river ( 2,290 km length ) Dnieper_River flows from Russia , through Belarus and Ukraine , ending Dnieper_River flow in the Black Sea . In all three countries Dnieper_River has essentially the same name , albeit pronounced differently , "" Russian : Днепр , Dnepr "" ; "" Belorussian : Дняпро , Dniapro "" ; "" Ukrainian : Дніпро , Dnipro "" . eos
flows from Russia , through Belarus and Ukraine , ending Dnieper_River flow in the Black Sea . In all three countries Dnieper_River has essentially the same name , albeit pronounced differently , "" Russian : Днепр , Dnepr "" ; "" Belorussian : Дняпро , Dniapro "" ; "" Ukrainian : Дніпро , Dnipro "" . Dnieper_River is mentioned by the Ancient Greek historian Herodotus in the fifth century BC as Borysthenes ( Βορυσθένης ) ; the late Greek and Roman authors called Dnieper_River Δαναπρις - Danapris and Danaper respectively , Δανα in Old Persian mean river . eos
flow in the Black Sea . In all three countries Dnieper_River has essentially the same name , albeit pronounced differently , "" Russian : Днепр , Dnepr "" ; "" Belorussian : Дняпро , Dniapro "" ; "" Ukrainian : Дніпро , Dnipro "" . Dnieper_River is mentioned by the Ancient Greek historian Herodotus in the fifth century BC as Borysthenes ( Βορυσθένης ) ; the late Greek and Roman authors called Dnieper_River Δαναπρις - Danapris and Danaper respectively , Δανα in Old Persian mean river . eos
has essentially the same name , albeit pronounced differently , "" Russian : Днепр , Dnepr "" ; "" Belorussian : Дняпро , Dniapro "" ; "" Ukrainian : Дніпро , Dnipro "" . Dnieper_River is mentioned by the Ancient Greek historian Herodotus in the fifth century BC as Borysthenes ( Βορυσθένης ) ; the late Greek and Roman authors called Dnieper_River Δαναπρις - Danapris and Danaper respectively , Δανα in Old Persian mean river . Dnieper_River Old Slavic name used at times of Kievan Rus ' was Slavutich ` ` the Slavic ( river ) '' ; the Huns called Dnieper_River Var , and Bulgars - Buri - Chai eos
is mentioned by the Ancient Greek historian Herodotus in the fifth century BC as Borysthenes ( Βορυσθένης ) ; the late Greek and Roman authors called Dnieper_River Δαναπρις - Danapris and Danaper respectively , Δανα in Old Persian mean river . Dnieper_River Old Slavic name used at times of Kievan Rus ' was Slavutich ` ` the Slavic ( river ) '' ; the Huns called Dnieper_River Var , and Bulgars - Buri - Chai Dnieper_River finds eos
Δαναπρις - Danapris and Danaper respectively , Δανα in Old Persian mean river . Dnieper_River Old Slavic name used at times of Kievan Rus ' was Slavutich ` ` the Slavic ( river ) '' ; the Huns called Dnieper_River Var , and Bulgars - Buri - Chai Dnieper_River finds eos
Old Slavic name used at times of Kievan Rus ' was Slavutich ` ` the Slavic ( river ) '' ; the Huns called Dnieper_River Var , and Bulgars - Buri - Chai Dnieper_River finds Dnieper_River source in the Valday Hills of central Russia , and Dnieper_River runs south eventually flowing into the Black Sea . eos
Var , and Bulgars - Buri - Chai Dnieper_River finds Dnieper_River source in the Valday Hills of central Russia , and Dnieper_River runs south eventually flowing into the Black Sea . eos
finds Dnieper_River source in the Valday Hills of central Russia , and Dnieper_River runs south eventually flowing into the Black Sea . 115 kilometres of Dnieper_River length serve as a natural border between Belarus and Ukraine . eos
source in the Valday Hills of central Russia , and Dnieper_River runs south eventually flowing into the Black Sea . 115 kilometres of Dnieper_River length serve as a natural border between Belarus and Ukraine . Approximately the last 800 kilometres of Dnieper_River is a chain of nearly consecutive reservoirs . eos
runs south eventually flowing into the Black Sea . 115 kilometres of Dnieper_River length serve as a natural border between Belarus and Ukraine . Approximately the last 800 kilometres of Dnieper_River is a chain of nearly consecutive reservoirs . eos
length serve as a natural border between Belarus and Ukraine . Approximately the last 800 kilometres of Dnieper_River is a chain of nearly consecutive reservoirs . These reservoirs are : Kiev ( 922 km ² ) , Kaniv ( 582 km ² ) , Kremenchuk ( 2,252 km ² ) , Dniprodzerzhynsk ( 567 km ² ) , Zaporizhzhia ( 410 km ² ) , and Kakhovka ( 2,155 km ² ) . eos
is a chain of nearly consecutive reservoirs . These reservoirs are : Kiev ( 922 km ² ) , Kaniv ( 582 km ² ) , Kremenchuk ( 2,252 km ² ) , Dniprodzerzhynsk ( 567 km ² ) , Zaporizhzhia ( 410 km ² ) , and Kakhovka ( 2,155 km ² ) . The dams forming these are used to generate hydroelectric power , providing around ten percent of Ukraine 's electricity . eos
is connected with the Western Bug by the Dnieper - Bug Canal . Dnieper_River estuary , or liman , used to be defended by the strong fortress of Ochakov . The name Dnieper is derived from Sarmatian Dānu apara ` ` the river to the rear '' . eos
estuary , or liman , used to be defended by the strong fortress of Ochakov . The name Dnieper is derived from Sarmatian Dānu apara ` ` the river to the rear '' . eos
( "" Ukrainian : Дністер "" , translit . Dnister ; "" Romanian : Nistru "" ) is a river in Eastern Europe . eos
( Дон ) is one of the major rivers of Russia . Don_River_Russia rises near Tula , southeast of Moscow , and Don_River_Russia flows for a distance of about 1,950 km ( 1,220 miles ) to the Sea of Azov . From Don_River_Russia source , Don_River_Russia first flows southeast to Voronezh , then southwest to Don_River_Russia mouth . eos
rises near Tula , southeast of Moscow , and Don_River_Russia flows for a distance of about 1,950 km ( 1,220 miles ) to the Sea of Azov . From Don_River_Russia source , Don_River_Russia first flows southeast to Voronezh , then southwest to Don_River_Russia mouth . The main city on Don_River_Russia is Rostov on Don , Don_River_Russia main tributary the Donets . eos
flows for a distance of about 1,950 km ( 1,220 miles ) to the Sea of Azov . From Don_River_Russia source , Don_River_Russia first flows southeast to Voronezh , then southwest to Don_River_Russia mouth . The main city on Don_River_Russia is Rostov on Don , Don_River_Russia main tributary the Donets . eos
source , Don_River_Russia first flows southeast to Voronezh , then southwest to Don_River_Russia mouth . The main city on Don_River_Russia is Rostov on Don , Don_River_Russia main tributary the Donets . eos
first flows southeast to Voronezh , then southwest to Don_River_Russia mouth . The main city on Don_River_Russia is Rostov on Don , Don_River_Russia main tributary the Donets . eos
mouth . The main city on Don_River_Russia is Rostov on Don , Don_River_Russia main tributary the Donets . eos
is Rostov on Don , Don_River_Russia main tributary the Donets . eos
main tributary the Donets . eos
( the traditional Greek name , Arabic : الفرات Al - Furat , Armenian : Եփրատ Yeṗrat , Hebrew : פְּרָת Perath , Kurdish : eos
. eos
is the longest river in British Columbia , Canada , rising near Mount Robson in the Rocky Mountains and flowing for 1400 km ( 870 mi ) , into the Pacific Ocean at the city of Vancouver . eos
is a major river in Africa , running 1,130 km ( 700 miles ) from the Fouta Djallon plateau in north Guinea westward to the Atlantic Ocean at the city of Banjul . Gambia_River is navigable for about half that length . Gambia_River is known largely because of The Gambia , the smallest country in mainland Africa , which consists of little more than the downstream half of Gambia_River and Gambia_River two banks . eos
is navigable for about half that length . Gambia_River is known largely because of The Gambia , the smallest country in mainland Africa , which consists of little more than the downstream half of Gambia_River and Gambia_River two banks . From the Fouta Djallon , Gambia_River runs northwest into the Tambacounda province of Senegal , where Gambia_River flows through the Parc National du Niokolo Koba , then Gambia_River is joined by the Nieri Ko and Koulountou before entering The Gambia at Fatoto . eos
is known largely because of The Gambia , the smallest country in mainland Africa , which consists of little more than the downstream half of Gambia_River and Gambia_River two banks . From the Fouta Djallon , Gambia_River runs northwest into the Tambacounda province of Senegal , where Gambia_River flows through the Parc National du Niokolo Koba , then Gambia_River is joined by the Nieri Ko and Koulountou before entering The Gambia at Fatoto . At this point Gambia_River runs generally west , but in a meandering course with a number of oxbows , and about 100 km from Gambia_River mouth eos
and Gambia_River two banks . From the Fouta Djallon , Gambia_River runs northwest into the Tambacounda province of Senegal , where Gambia_River flows through the Parc National du Niokolo Koba , then Gambia_River is joined by the Nieri Ko and Koulountou before entering The Gambia at Fatoto . At this point Gambia_River runs generally west , but in a meandering course with a number of oxbows , and about 100 km from Gambia_River mouth eos
two banks . From the Fouta Djallon , Gambia_River runs northwest into the Tambacounda province of Senegal , where Gambia_River flows through the Parc National du Niokolo Koba , then Gambia_River is joined by the Nieri Ko and Koulountou before entering The Gambia at Fatoto . At this point Gambia_River runs generally west , but in a meandering course with a number of oxbows , and about 100 km from Gambia_River mouth eos
runs northwest into the Tambacounda province of Senegal , where Gambia_River flows through the Parc National du Niokolo Koba , then Gambia_River is joined by the Nieri Ko and Koulountou before entering The Gambia at Fatoto . At this point Gambia_River runs generally west , but in a meandering course with a number of oxbows , and about 100 km from Gambia_River mouth Gambia_River gradually widens , to over 10 km wide where Gambia_River meets the sea . eos
flows through the Parc National du Niokolo Koba , then Gambia_River is joined by the Nieri Ko and Koulountou before entering The Gambia at Fatoto . At this point Gambia_River runs generally west , but in a meandering course with a number of oxbows , and about 100 km from Gambia_River mouth Gambia_River gradually widens , to over 10 km wide where Gambia_River meets the sea . eos
is joined by the Nieri Ko and Koulountou before entering The Gambia at Fatoto . At this point Gambia_River runs generally west , but in a meandering course with a number of oxbows , and about 100 km from Gambia_River mouth Gambia_River gradually widens , to over 10 km wide where Gambia_River meets the sea . eos
mouth Gambia_River gradually widens , to over 10 km wide where Gambia_River meets the sea . Near the mouth of Gambia_River , near Juffure , is James Island , a place used in the slave trade which is now a UNESCO World Heritage Site . eos
runs generally west , but in a meandering course with a number of oxbows , and about 100 km from Gambia_River mouth Gambia_River gradually widens , to over 10 km wide where Gambia_River meets the sea . Near the mouth of Gambia_River , near Juffure , is James Island , a place used in the slave trade which is now a UNESCO World Heritage Site . eos
gradually widens , to over 10 km wide where Gambia_River meets the sea . Near the mouth of Gambia_River , near Juffure , is James Island , a place used in the slave trade which is now a UNESCO World Heritage Site . eos
meets the sea . Near the mouth of Gambia_River , near Juffure , is James Island , a place used in the slave trade which is now a UNESCO World Heritage Site . eos
, near Juffure , is James Island , a place used in the slave trade which is now a UNESCO World Heritage Site . eos
( English : "" IPA : / ˈgænʤiz / "" ; Gangā "" IPA : / ˈgəŋgaː / "" in most Indian languages ) ( Devanagari गंगा ) is a river of northern India and Bangladesh . eos
has a long history of reverence in India and Ganges_River is worshipped by Hindus as a goddess . Ganges_River is often called the ` holy Ganga ' . The total length of Ganges_River is about 2,510 km ( 1,557 mi ) . eos
is worshipped by Hindus as a goddess . Ganges_River is often called the ` holy Ganga ' . The total length of Ganges_River is about 2,510 km ( 1,557 mi ) . eos
is often called the ` holy Ganga ' . The total length of Ganges_River is about 2,510 km ( 1,557 mi ) . Along with another river Yamuna , Ganges_River forms a large and fertile basin , known as the Gangetic plains , stretching across north India and Bangladesh , and Ganges_River supports one of the highest densities of human population in the world . eos
is about 2,510 km ( 1,557 mi ) . Along with another river Yamuna , Ganges_River forms a large and fertile basin , known as the Gangetic plains , stretching across north India and Bangladesh , and Ganges_River supports one of the highest densities of human population in the world . Indeed , about one in every 12 people on earth ( 8.5 % of world population ) live in Ganges_River catchment area . eos
forms a large and fertile basin , known as the Gangetic plains , stretching across north India and Bangladesh , and Ganges_River supports one of the highest densities of human population in the world . Indeed , about one in every 12 people on earth ( 8.5 % of world population ) live in Ganges_River catchment area . Due to this incredible concentration of population , pollution and the destruction of habitats are matters of serious concern . eos
supports one of the highest densities of human population in the world . Indeed , about one in every 12 people on earth ( 8.5 % of world population ) live in Ganges_River catchment area . Due to this incredible concentration of population , pollution and the destruction of habitats are matters of serious concern . eos
catchment area . Due to this incredible concentration of population , pollution and the destruction of habitats are matters of serious concern . eos
is the second largest river in India , originating near Trimbak in the Nashik Division in the Maharashtra state in India , just 80 km away from Godavari_River destination , the Bay of Bengal . Godavari_River then flows through the states of Madhya Pradesh , Karnataka , Orissa and Andhra Pradesh . Godavari_River is sacred to Hindus and Godavari_River eos
destination , the Bay of Bengal . Godavari_River then flows through the states of Madhya Pradesh , Karnataka , Orissa and Andhra Pradesh . Godavari_River is sacred to Hindus and Godavari_River eos
then flows through the states of Madhya Pradesh , Karnataka , Orissa and Andhra Pradesh . Godavari_River is sacred to Hindus and Godavari_River has several pilgrimage centers on Godavari_River banks . eos
is sacred to Hindus and Godavari_River has several pilgrimage centers on Godavari_River banks . eos
has several pilgrimage centers on Godavari_River banks . eos
banks . eos
is a tributary of the Colorado River , 730 mi ( 1,175 km ) long , in the western United States . The Green River Basin covers parts of Wyoming , Utah , and Colorado . Green_River_Utah begins in the Wind River Mountains of Wyoming , and Green_River_Utah flows through Utah for much of Green_River_Utah course , draining the northeastern portion of the state while looping for 40 mi ( 64 km ) into western Colorado . eos
begins in the Wind River Mountains of Wyoming , and Green_River_Utah flows through Utah for much of Green_River_Utah course , draining the northeastern portion of the state while looping for 40 mi ( 64 km ) into western Colorado . Much of Green_River_Utah route is through the Colorado Plateau , some of the most spectacular canyons in the United States . Green_River_Utah is the largest tributary of the Colorado . eos
flows through Utah for much of Green_River_Utah course , draining the northeastern portion of the state while looping for 40 mi ( 64 km ) into western Colorado . Much of Green_River_Utah route is through the Colorado Plateau , some of the most spectacular canyons in the United States . Green_River_Utah is the largest tributary of the Colorado . eos
course , draining the northeastern portion of the state while looping for 40 mi ( 64 km ) into western Colorado . Much of Green_River_Utah route is through the Colorado Plateau , some of the most spectacular canyons in the United States . Green_River_Utah is the largest tributary of the Colorado . eos
route is through the Colorado Plateau , some of the most spectacular canyons in the United States . Green_River_Utah is the largest tributary of the Colorado . eos
is the largest tributary of the Colorado . eos
is a tributary of the Orinoco located in Colombia . Guaviare_River has Guaviare_River source in two other rivers , the Ariari and the Guayabero , which in turn have their own sources in the eastern part of the Andes . At 1,497 km long , Guaviare_River is the longest river on the Orinoco and Guaviare_River eos
has Guaviare_River source in two other rivers , the Ariari and the Guayabero , which in turn have their own sources in the eastern part of the Andes . At 1,497 km long , Guaviare_River is the longest river on the Orinoco and Guaviare_River is navagatable for 630 km of Guaviare_River total length . eos
source in two other rivers , the Ariari and the Guayabero , which in turn have their own sources in the eastern part of the Andes . At 1,497 km long , Guaviare_River is the longest river on the Orinoco and Guaviare_River is navagatable for 630 km of Guaviare_River total length . eos
is the longest river on the Orinoco and Guaviare_River is navagatable for 630 km of Guaviare_River total length . Guaviare_River is considered the border between the Llanos and the Amazon Rainforest . eos
is navagatable for 630 km of Guaviare_River total length . Guaviare_River is considered the border between the Llanos and the Amazon Rainforest . eos
total length . Guaviare_River is considered the border between the Llanos and the Amazon Rainforest . Guaviare_River main tributary is the Inírida River . eos
is considered the border between the Llanos and the Amazon Rainforest . Guaviare_River main tributary is the Inírida River . eos
main tributary is the Inírida River . eos
( pronounced : hĕl ` mənd ) ( also Helmend , Helmund , Hirmand or Tarnak , Persian : Darya - ye Helmand , Latin : Erymandrus ) is the longest river in Afghanistan . eos
stretched 715 miles ( 1,150 km ) from the Hindu Kush mountains about 50 miles ( 80 km ) west of Kabul , Helmand_River crosses south - west through the desert , to the Seistan marshes and the Hamun - i - Helmand lake region around Zabol at the Afghan - Iranian border . Helmand_River remains relatively salt - free for much of Helmand_River length , unlike most rivers with no outlet to the sea . Helmand_River is used extensively for irrigation , although a buildup of mineral salts has decreased Helmand_River usefulness in watering crops . eos
crosses south - west through the desert , to the Seistan marshes and the Hamun - i - Helmand lake region around Zabol at the Afghan - Iranian border . Helmand_River remains relatively salt - free for much of Helmand_River length , unlike most rivers with no outlet to the sea . Helmand_River is used extensively for irrigation , although a buildup of mineral salts has decreased Helmand_River usefulness in watering crops . eos
remains relatively salt - free for much of Helmand_River length , unlike most rivers with no outlet to the sea . Helmand_River is used extensively for irrigation , although a buildup of mineral salts has decreased Helmand_River usefulness in watering crops . Helmand_River waters are essential for farmers in Afghanistan , but Helmand_River feeds into Lake Hamun and Helmand_River is also important to farmers in Iran 's southeastern Sistan and Baluchistan province . eos
length , unlike most rivers with no outlet to the sea . Helmand_River is used extensively for irrigation , although a buildup of mineral salts has decreased Helmand_River usefulness in watering crops . Helmand_River waters are essential for farmers in Afghanistan , but Helmand_River feeds into Lake Hamun and Helmand_River is also important to farmers in Iran 's southeastern Sistan and Baluchistan province . eos
is used extensively for irrigation , although a buildup of mineral salts has decreased Helmand_River usefulness in watering crops . Helmand_River waters are essential for farmers in Afghanistan , but Helmand_River feeds into Lake Hamun and Helmand_River is also important to farmers in Iran 's southeastern Sistan and Baluchistan province . A number of hydroelectric dams have created artificial reservoirs on some of the Afghanistan 's rivers including the Kajakai reservoir on Helmand_River . eos
usefulness in watering crops . Helmand_River waters are essential for farmers in Afghanistan , but Helmand_River feeds into Lake Hamun and Helmand_River is also important to farmers in Iran 's southeastern Sistan and Baluchistan province . A number of hydroelectric dams have created artificial reservoirs on some of the Afghanistan 's rivers including the Kajakai reservoir on Helmand_River . eos
is also important to farmers in Iran 's southeastern Sistan and Baluchistan province . A number of hydroelectric dams have created artificial reservoirs on some of the Afghanistan 's rivers including the Kajakai reservoir on Helmand_River . The chief tributary of Helmand_River is the Arghandab river which also has a major dam near the city of Kandahar . eos
waters are essential for farmers in Afghanistan , but Helmand_River feeds into Lake Hamun and Helmand_River is also important to farmers in Iran 's southeastern Sistan and Baluchistan province . A number of hydroelectric dams have created artificial reservoirs on some of the Afghanistan 's rivers including the Kajakai reservoir on Helmand_River . The chief tributary of Helmand_River is the Arghandab river which also has a major dam near the city of Kandahar . eos
feeds into Lake Hamun and Helmand_River is also important to farmers in Iran 's southeastern Sistan and Baluchistan province . A number of hydroelectric dams have created artificial reservoirs on some of the Afghanistan 's rivers including the Kajakai reservoir on Helmand_River . The chief tributary of Helmand_River is the Arghandab river which also has a major dam near the city of Kandahar . eos
. The chief tributary of Helmand_River is the Arghandab river which also has a major dam near the city of Kandahar . eos
is the Arghandab river which also has a major dam near the city of Kandahar . eos
is a river in Kazakhstan and in the western part of the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region , in northwestern China . Ili_River is 1,439 km ( 870 miles ) long , 815 km of which in Kazakhstan . Ili_River takes Ili_River beginning in eastern Tian Shan from the Tekes and Kunes rivers . eos
is 1,439 km ( 870 miles ) long , 815 km of which in Kazakhstan . Ili_River takes Ili_River beginning in eastern Tian Shan from the Tekes and Kunes rivers . Ili_River drains the basin between the Tian Shan the P ` o - lo - k ` o - nu Mountains to the north . eos
takes Ili_River beginning in eastern Tian Shan from the Tekes and Kunes rivers . Ili_River drains the basin between the Tian Shan the P ` o - lo - k ` o - nu Mountains to the north . Flowing into lake Balkhash Ili_River forms an immense delta with vast wetland regions of lakes , marches and jungle - like vegetation . eos
beginning in eastern Tian Shan from the Tekes and Kunes rivers . Ili_River drains the basin between the Tian Shan the P ` o - lo - k ` o - nu Mountains to the north . Flowing into lake Balkhash Ili_River forms an immense delta with vast wetland regions of lakes , marches and jungle - like vegetation . eos
drains the basin between the Tian Shan the P ` o - lo - k ` o - nu Mountains to the north . Flowing into lake Balkhash Ili_River forms an immense delta with vast wetland regions of lakes , marches and jungle - like vegetation . The Kapchagai Hydroelectric power station was built from 1965 to 1980 in the middle flow of Ili_River , forming the Kapchagay Reserve . eos
forms an immense delta with vast wetland regions of lakes , marches and jungle - like vegetation . The Kapchagai Hydroelectric power station was built from 1965 to 1980 in the middle flow of Ili_River , forming the Kapchagay Reserve . Tamgaly , some 20 km downstream along Ili_River is a site of rock drawings . eos
, forming the Kapchagay Reserve . Tamgaly , some 20 km downstream along Ili_River is a site of rock drawings . The name Tamgaly in Kazakh means painted or marked place . eos
is a site of rock drawings . The name Tamgaly in Kazakh means painted or marked place . eos
( Sanskrit : सिंधु Sindhu ; eos
runs a course through Jammu and Kashmir in both India and Northern Areas in Pakistan , and in a southernly direction along the entire length of India to merge into the Arabian Sea near the city of Karachi . The total length of Indus_River is 3200 km ( 1988 miles ) . Indus_River has a total drainage area exceeding 450,000 square miles . eos
is 3200 km ( 1988 miles ) . Indus_River has a total drainage area exceeding 450,000 square miles . Indus_River estimated annual flow stands at around 207 cubic kilometres . eos
has a total drainage area exceeding 450,000 square miles . Indus_River estimated annual flow stands at around 207 cubic kilometres . Beginning at the heights of the world with glaciers , Indus_River feeds the ecosystem of temperate forests , plains and arid countryside . eos
estimated annual flow stands at around 207 cubic kilometres . Beginning at the heights of the world with glaciers , Indus_River feeds the ecosystem of temperate forests , plains and arid countryside . Together with the rivers Chenab , Ravi , Sutlej , Jhelum , Beas and the extinct Sarasvati River , Indus_River forms the Sapta Sindhu ( ` ` Seven Rivers '' ) delta in the Sindh province of Pakistan . eos
feeds the ecosystem of temperate forests , plains and arid countryside . Together with the rivers Chenab , Ravi , Sutlej , Jhelum , Beas and the extinct Sarasvati River , Indus_River forms the Sapta Sindhu ( ` ` Seven Rivers '' ) delta in the Sindh province of Pakistan . Indus_River has 20 major tributaries . eos
forms the Sapta Sindhu ( ` ` Seven Rivers '' ) delta in the Sindh province of Pakistan . Indus_River has 20 major tributaries . Indus_River provides the key water resources for the economy of Pakistan - especially the breadbasket of Punjab province , which accounts for most of the nation 's agricultural production , and Sindh . eos
has 20 major tributaries . Indus_River provides the key water resources for the economy of Pakistan - especially the breadbasket of Punjab province , which accounts for most of the nation 's agricultural production , and Sindh . Indus_River also supports many heavy industries and Indus_River provides the main supply of potable water in Pakistan . eos
provides the key water resources for the economy of Pakistan - especially the breadbasket of Punjab province , which accounts for most of the nation 's agricultural production , and Sindh . Indus_River also supports many heavy industries and Indus_River provides the main supply of potable water in Pakistan . The ultimate source of Indus_River is actually in Tibet ; Indus_River begins at the confluence of the Sengge and Gar rivers that drain the Nganglong Kangri and Gangdise Shan mountain ranges . eos
also supports many heavy industries and Indus_River provides the main supply of potable water in Pakistan . The ultimate source of Indus_River is actually in Tibet ; Indus_River begins at the confluence of the Sengge and Gar rivers that drain the Nganglong Kangri and Gangdise Shan mountain ranges . Indus_River then flows northwest through Ladakh - Baltistan into Gilgit , just south of the Karakoram range . eos
provides the main supply of potable water in Pakistan . The ultimate source of Indus_River is actually in Tibet ; Indus_River begins at the confluence of the Sengge and Gar rivers that drain the Nganglong Kangri and Gangdise Shan mountain ranges . Indus_River then flows northwest through Ladakh - Baltistan into Gilgit , just south of the Karakoram range . eos
is actually in Tibet ; Indus_River begins at the confluence of the Sengge and Gar rivers that drain the Nganglong Kangri and Gangdise Shan mountain ranges . Indus_River then flows northwest through Ladakh - Baltistan into Gilgit , just south of the Karakoram range . The Shyok , Shigar and Gilgit streams carry glacieral waters into Indus_River . eos
begins at the confluence of the Sengge and Gar rivers that drain the Nganglong Kangri and Gangdise Shan mountain ranges . Indus_River then flows northwest through Ladakh - Baltistan into Gilgit , just south of the Karakoram range . The Shyok , Shigar and Gilgit streams carry glacieral waters into Indus_River . eos
then flows northwest through Ladakh - Baltistan into Gilgit , just south of the Karakoram range . The Shyok , Shigar and Gilgit streams carry glacieral waters into Indus_River . Indus_River gradually bends to the south , coming out of the hills between Peshawar and Rawalpindi . eos
. Indus_River gradually bends to the south , coming out of the hills between Peshawar and Rawalpindi . Indus_River passes gigantic gorges ( 15,000 - 17,000 feet ) near the Nanga Parbat massif Indus_River swiftly flows across Hazara , and Indus_River is dammed at the Tarbela Reservoir . eos
gradually bends to the south , coming out of the hills between Peshawar and Rawalpindi . Indus_River passes gigantic gorges ( 15,000 - 17,000 feet ) near the Nanga Parbat massif Indus_River swiftly flows across Hazara , and Indus_River is dammed at the Tarbela Reservoir . The Kabul River joins Indus_River near Attock . eos
passes gigantic gorges ( 15,000 - 17,000 feet ) near the Nanga Parbat massif Indus_River swiftly flows across Hazara , and Indus_River is dammed at the Tarbela Reservoir . The Kabul River joins Indus_River near Attock . The remainder of Indus_River route to the sea is in plains of the Punjab and Sind , and Indus_River becomes slow - flowing and highly braided . eos
swiftly flows across Hazara , and Indus_River is dammed at the Tarbela Reservoir . The Kabul River joins Indus_River near Attock . The remainder of Indus_River route to the sea is in plains of the Punjab and Sind , and Indus_River becomes slow - flowing and highly braided . eos
is dammed at the Tarbela Reservoir . The Kabul River joins Indus_River near Attock . The remainder of Indus_River route to the sea is in plains of the Punjab and Sind , and Indus_River becomes slow - flowing and highly braided . eos
near Attock . The remainder of Indus_River route to the sea is in plains of the Punjab and Sind , and Indus_River becomes slow - flowing and highly braided . Indus_River is joined by Panjnad River at Mithankot . eos
route to the sea is in plains of the Punjab and Sind , and Indus_River becomes slow - flowing and highly braided . Indus_River is joined by Panjnad River at Mithankot . Beyond this confluence , Indus_River , at one time , was named as Satnad River ( sat = seven , nadi = river ) as Indus_River was now carrying the waters of Kabul River , Indus_River and the five Punjab rivers . eos
becomes slow - flowing and highly braided . Indus_River is joined by Panjnad River at Mithankot . Beyond this confluence , Indus_River , at one time , was named as Satnad River ( sat = seven , nadi = river ) as Indus_River was now carrying the waters of Kabul River , Indus_River and the five Punjab rivers . eos
is joined by Panjnad River at Mithankot . Beyond this confluence , Indus_River , at one time , was named as Satnad River ( sat = seven , nadi = river ) as Indus_River was now carrying the waters of Kabul River , Indus_River and the five Punjab rivers . Passing by Hyderabad , Indus_River ends in a large delta to the east of Karachi . eos
, at one time , was named as Satnad River ( sat = seven , nadi = river ) as Indus_River was now carrying the waters of Kabul River , Indus_River and the five Punjab rivers . Passing by Hyderabad , Indus_River ends in a large delta to the east of Karachi . Indus_River is , by volume , the largest exotic river ( one that mainly flows through a country from which it receives no water ) in the world . eos
was now carrying the waters of Kabul River , Indus_River and the five Punjab rivers . Passing by Hyderabad , Indus_River ends in a large delta to the east of Karachi . Indus_River is , by volume , the largest exotic river ( one that mainly flows through a country from which it receives no water ) in the world . eos
and the five Punjab rivers . Passing by Hyderabad , Indus_River ends in a large delta to the east of Karachi . Indus_River is , by volume , the largest exotic river ( one that mainly flows through a country from which it receives no water ) in the world . eos
ends in a large delta to the east of Karachi . Indus_River is , by volume , the largest exotic river ( one that mainly flows through a country from which it receives no water ) in the world . Indus_River is one of the few rivers in the world that exhibit a tidal bore . eos
is , by volume , the largest exotic river ( one that mainly flows through a country from which it receives no water ) in the world . Indus_River is one of the few rivers in the world that exhibit a tidal bore . Indus_River is largely fed by the snows and glaciers of the Karakoram , Hindu Kush and Himalayan ranges of Tibet , Kashmir and Northern Areas of Pakistan . eos
is one of the few rivers in the world that exhibit a tidal bore . Indus_River is largely fed by the snows and glaciers of the Karakoram , Hindu Kush and Himalayan ranges of Tibet , Kashmir and Northern Areas of Pakistan . The flow of Indus_River is also determined by the seasons - it diminishes greatly in the winter , while flooding Indus_River banks in the monsoon months from july to september . eos
is largely fed by the snows and glaciers of the Karakoram , Hindu Kush and Himalayan ranges of Tibet , Kashmir and Northern Areas of Pakistan . The flow of Indus_River is also determined by the seasons - it diminishes greatly in the winter , while flooding Indus_River banks in the monsoon months from july to september . There is also evidence of a steady shift in the course of Indus_River since prehistoric times - Indus_River deviated westwards from flowing into the Rann of Kutch . eos
is also determined by the seasons - it diminishes greatly in the winter , while flooding Indus_River banks in the monsoon months from july to september . There is also evidence of a steady shift in the course of Indus_River since prehistoric times - Indus_River deviated westwards from flowing into the Rann of Kutch . Indus_River is the Official and National River of Pakistan in Urdu as Qaumi Daryaa . eos
banks in the monsoon months from july to september . There is also evidence of a steady shift in the course of Indus_River since prehistoric times - Indus_River deviated westwards from flowing into the Rann of Kutch . Indus_River is the Official and National River of Pakistan in Urdu as Qaumi Daryaa . eos
since prehistoric times - Indus_River deviated westwards from flowing into the Rann of Kutch . Indus_River is the Official and National River of Pakistan in Urdu as Qaumi Daryaa . eos
deviated westwards from flowing into the Rann of Kutch . Indus_River is the Official and National River of Pakistan in Urdu as Qaumi Daryaa . eos
is the Official and National River of Pakistan in Urdu as Qaumi Daryaa . eos
( "" Russian : Колыма́ "" ) is a river in northeastern Siberia , Kolyma_River basin covers parts of the Sakha Republic , Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , and Magadan Oblast of Russia . Kolyma_River empties into the East siberian sea , a division of the Arctic ocean . Kolyma_River is frozen to depths of several metres for about 250 days each year , becoming free of ice only in early june , till october . eos
basin covers parts of the Sakha Republic , Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , and Magadan Oblast of Russia . Kolyma_River empties into the East siberian sea , a division of the Arctic ocean . Kolyma_River is frozen to depths of several metres for about 250 days each year , becoming free of ice only in early june , till october . eos
empties into the East siberian sea , a division of the Arctic ocean . Kolyma_River is frozen to depths of several metres for about 250 days each year , becoming free of ice only in early june , till october . Kolyma_River is known for Kolyma_River Gulag labour camps and gold mining , both of which have been extensively documented since Stalin era Soviet archives opened . eos
is frozen to depths of several metres for about 250 days each year , becoming free of ice only in early june , till october . Kolyma_River is known for Kolyma_River Gulag labour camps and gold mining , both of which have been extensively documented since Stalin era Soviet archives opened . Kolyma_River gives Kolyma_River title to a famous anthology about life in Gulag camps by Varlam Shalamov , ` ` The Kolyma Tales '' . eos
is known for Kolyma_River Gulag labour camps and gold mining , both of which have been extensively documented since Stalin era Soviet archives opened . Kolyma_River gives Kolyma_River title to a famous anthology about life in Gulag camps by Varlam Shalamov , ` ` The Kolyma Tales '' . eos
Gulag labour camps and gold mining , both of which have been extensively documented since Stalin era Soviet archives opened . Kolyma_River gives Kolyma_River title to a famous anthology about life in Gulag camps by Varlam Shalamov , ` ` The Kolyma Tales '' . eos
gives Kolyma_River title to a famous anthology about life in Gulag camps by Varlam Shalamov , ` ` The Kolyma Tales '' . eos
title to a famous anthology about life in Gulag camps by Varlam Shalamov , ` ` The Kolyma Tales '' . eos
is a river , approximately 650 mi ( 1,110 km ) long , in southwest Alaska in the United States . Kuskokwim_River provides the principal drainage for an area of the remote Alaska Interior on the north and west side of the Alaska Range , flowing southwest into Kuskokwim Bay on the Bering Sea . Except for Kuskokwim_River headwaters in the mountains , Kuskokwim_River is broad and flat for Kuskokwim_River entire course , making Kuskokwim_River a useful transportation route for many types of watercraft . eos
provides the principal drainage for an area of the remote Alaska Interior on the north and west side of the Alaska Range , flowing southwest into Kuskokwim Bay on the Bering Sea . Except for Kuskokwim_River headwaters in the mountains , Kuskokwim_River is broad and flat for Kuskokwim_River entire course , making Kuskokwim_River a useful transportation route for many types of watercraft . Kuskokwim in Yupik is a bastardization of a Yup ` ik word to English . eos
headwaters in the mountains , Kuskokwim_River is broad and flat for Kuskokwim_River entire course , making Kuskokwim_River a useful transportation route for many types of watercraft . Kuskokwim in Yupik is a bastardization of a Yup ` ik word to English . A compound word means big slow moving ` thing ' . eos
is broad and flat for Kuskokwim_River entire course , making Kuskokwim_River a useful transportation route for many types of watercraft . Kuskokwim in Yupik is a bastardization of a Yup ` ik word to English . A compound word means big slow moving ` thing ' . eos
entire course , making Kuskokwim_River a useful transportation route for many types of watercraft . Kuskokwim in Yupik is a bastardization of a Yup ` ik word to English . A compound word means big slow moving ` thing ' . eos
a useful transportation route for many types of watercraft . Kuskokwim in Yupik is a bastardization of a Yup ` ik word to English . A compound word means big slow moving ` thing ' . eos
flows through the Yukon Territory , British Columbia and the Northwest Territories , Canada . Rising in the Pelly Mountains in south - eastern Yukon , Liard_River flows 1,115 km ( 693 miles ) southeast through British Columbia , marking the northern end of the Rocky Mountains and then curving northeast back into the Yukon and Northwest Territories , draining into the Mackenzie River at Fort Simpson , Northwest Territories . eos
flows 1,115 km ( 693 miles ) southeast through British Columbia , marking the northern end of the Rocky Mountains and then curving northeast back into the Yukon and Northwest Territories , draining into the Mackenzie River at Fort Simpson , Northwest Territories . Liard_River drains approximately 277,100 square kilometres of boreal forest and muskeg . eos
drains approximately 277,100 square kilometres of boreal forest and muskeg . The area around Liard_River in the Yukon Territory is called the Liard River Valley , and the Alaska Highway follows Liard_River for part of Liard_River route . eos
in the Yukon Territory is called the Liard River Valley , and the Alaska Highway follows Liard_River for part of Liard_River route . eos
for part of Liard_River route . eos
route . eos
( pronounced "" IPA : / lwaʁ / "" in French ) , the longest river in France with a length of just over 1000 km , drains an area of 117,000 km ² , more than a fifth of France . The central part of the Loire Valley was added on the World Heritage Sites list by the UNESCO On december 2 , 2000 . eos
is the principal river of Colombia , running about 1,540 kilometres ( 950 miles ) from South to North through the western half of the country . Magdalena_River takes Magdalena_River name from the biblical figure , Mary Magdalene . Magdalena_River is navigable through much of Magdalena_River lower reaches . eos
takes Magdalena_River name from the biblical figure , Mary Magdalene . Magdalena_River is navigable through much of Magdalena_River lower reaches . Magdalena_River headwaters are in the South of the country , where the Andean subranges Cordillera Central and Cordillera Oriental separate , in Huila Department . eos
name from the biblical figure , Mary Magdalene . Magdalena_River is navigable through much of Magdalena_River lower reaches . Magdalena_River headwaters are in the South of the country , where the Andean subranges Cordillera Central and Cordillera Oriental separate , in Huila Department . eos
is navigable through much of Magdalena_River lower reaches . Magdalena_River headwaters are in the South of the country , where the Andean subranges Cordillera Central and Cordillera Oriental separate , in Huila Department . Magdalena_River then runs east of north in a great valley between the two cordilleras . eos
lower reaches . Magdalena_River headwaters are in the South of the country , where the Andean subranges Cordillera Central and Cordillera Oriental separate , in Huila Department . Magdalena_River then runs east of north in a great valley between the two cordilleras . eos
headwaters are in the South of the country , where the Andean subranges Cordillera Central and Cordillera Oriental separate , in Huila Department . Magdalena_River then runs east of north in a great valley between the two cordilleras . Magdalena_River reaches the coastal plain at about nine degrees north , then Magdalena_River runs east for about 100 kilometres , then north again , reaching the Caribbean Sea at the great city of Barranquilla in the zone known as Bocas de Ceniza . eos
then runs east of north in a great valley between the two cordilleras . Magdalena_River reaches the coastal plain at about nine degrees north , then Magdalena_River runs east for about 100 kilometres , then north again , reaching the Caribbean Sea at the great city of Barranquilla in the zone known as Bocas de Ceniza . eos
reaches the coastal plain at about nine degrees north , then Magdalena_River runs east for about 100 kilometres , then north again , reaching the Caribbean Sea at the great city of Barranquilla in the zone known as Bocas de Ceniza . eos
runs east for about 100 kilometres , then north again , reaching the Caribbean Sea at the great city of Barranquilla in the zone known as Bocas de Ceniza . eos
is one of the world 's major rivers . Mekong is the 10th - longest in the world , and the 10th - largest by volume ( discharging 475 km ³ of water annually ) . Mekong estimated length is 4,909 km . eos
is the 10th - longest in the world , and the 10th - largest by volume ( discharging 475 km ³ of water annually ) . Mekong estimated length is 4,909 km . Mekong drains an area of 795,000 km ² : From Tibet Mekong runs through China 's Yunnan province , Myanmar , Thailand , Laos , Cambodia and Vietnam . eos
estimated length is 4,909 km . Mekong drains an area of 795,000 km ² : From Tibet Mekong runs through China 's Yunnan province , Myanmar , Thailand , Laos , Cambodia and Vietnam . All except China and Myanmar belong to the Mekong River Commission . eos
drains an area of 795,000 km ² : From Tibet Mekong runs through China 's Yunnan province , Myanmar , Thailand , Laos , Cambodia and Vietnam . All except China and Myanmar belong to the Mekong River Commission . The extreme seasonal variations in flow and the presence of rapids and waterfalls have made navigation extremely difficult . eos
runs through China 's Yunnan province , Myanmar , Thailand , Laos , Cambodia and Vietnam . All except China and Myanmar belong to the Mekong River Commission . The extreme seasonal variations in flow and the presence of rapids and waterfalls have made navigation extremely difficult . eos
or Nerbudda is a river in central India in Indian subcontinent . Narmada_River forms the traditional boundary between North India and South India , and Narmada_River is a total of 1,289 km ( 801 mi ) long . Narmada_River is one of only three major rivers in pensinsular India that run from east to west , along with the Tapti and the Mahi river . eos
forms the traditional boundary between North India and South India , and Narmada_River is a total of 1,289 km ( 801 mi ) long . Narmada_River is one of only three major rivers in pensinsular India that run from east to west , along with the Tapti and the Mahi river . Narmada_River is the only river in India Narmada_River flows in a rift valley . eos
is a total of 1,289 km ( 801 mi ) long . Narmada_River is one of only three major rivers in pensinsular India that run from east to west , along with the Tapti and the Mahi river . Narmada_River is the only river in India Narmada_River flows in a rift valley . eos
is one of only three major rivers in pensinsular India that run from east to west , along with the Tapti and the Mahi river . Narmada_River is the only river in India Narmada_River flows in a rift valley . Narmada_River rises on the summit of Amarkantak Hill in Madhya Pradesh state , and for the first 320 kilometres ( 200 miles ) of Narmada_River course Narmada_River winds among the Mandla Hills , which form the head of the Satpura Range ; then at Jabalpur , passing through the ` Marble Rocks ' , Narmada_River enters the Narmada Valley between the Vindhya and Satpura ranges , and Narmada_River pursues a direct westerly course to the Gulf of Cambay . eos
is the only river in India Narmada_River flows in a rift valley . Narmada_River rises on the summit of Amarkantak Hill in Madhya Pradesh state , and for the first 320 kilometres ( 200 miles ) of Narmada_River course Narmada_River winds among the Mandla Hills , which form the head of the Satpura Range ; then at Jabalpur , passing through the ` Marble Rocks ' , Narmada_River enters the Narmada Valley between the Vindhya and Satpura ranges , and Narmada_River pursues a direct westerly course to the Gulf of Cambay . Narmada_River flows through the states of Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , and Gujarat , and Narmada_River empties into the Arabian Sea in the Bharuch District of Gujarat . eos
flows in a rift valley . Narmada_River rises on the summit of Amarkantak Hill in Madhya Pradesh state , and for the first 320 kilometres ( 200 miles ) of Narmada_River course Narmada_River winds among the Mandla Hills , which form the head of the Satpura Range ; then at Jabalpur , passing through the ` Marble Rocks ' , Narmada_River enters the Narmada Valley between the Vindhya and Satpura ranges , and Narmada_River pursues a direct westerly course to the Gulf of Cambay . Narmada_River flows through the states of Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , and Gujarat , and Narmada_River empties into the Arabian Sea in the Bharuch District of Gujarat . eos
enters the Narmada Valley between the Vindhya and Satpura ranges , and Narmada_River pursues a direct westerly course to the Gulf of Cambay . Narmada_River flows through the states of Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , and Gujarat , and Narmada_River empties into the Arabian Sea in the Bharuch District of Gujarat . The Narmada Valley is a graben , a layered block of the earth 's crust that dropped down relative to the blocks on either side due to ancient spreading of the earth 's crust . eos
pursues a direct westerly course to the Gulf of Cambay . Narmada_River flows through the states of Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , and Gujarat , and Narmada_River empties into the Arabian Sea in the Bharuch District of Gujarat . The Narmada Valley is a graben , a layered block of the earth 's crust that dropped down relative to the blocks on either side due to ancient spreading of the earth 's crust . eos
rises on the summit of Amarkantak Hill in Madhya Pradesh state , and for the first 320 kilometres ( 200 miles ) of Narmada_River course Narmada_River winds among the Mandla Hills , which form the head of the Satpura Range ; then at Jabalpur , passing through the ` Marble Rocks ' , Narmada_River enters the Narmada Valley between the Vindhya and Satpura ranges , and Narmada_River pursues a direct westerly course to the Gulf of Cambay . Narmada_River flows through the states of Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , and Gujarat , and Narmada_River empties into the Arabian Sea in the Bharuch District of Gujarat . The Narmada Valley is a graben , a layered block of the earth 's crust that dropped down relative to the blocks on either side due to ancient spreading of the earth 's crust . eos
course Narmada_River winds among the Mandla Hills , which form the head of the Satpura Range ; then at Jabalpur , passing through the ` Marble Rocks ' , Narmada_River enters the Narmada Valley between the Vindhya and Satpura ranges , and Narmada_River pursues a direct westerly course to the Gulf of Cambay . Narmada_River flows through the states of Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , and Gujarat , and Narmada_River empties into the Arabian Sea in the Bharuch District of Gujarat . The Narmada Valley is a graben , a layered block of the earth 's crust that dropped down relative to the blocks on either side due to ancient spreading of the earth 's crust . eos
winds among the Mandla Hills , which form the head of the Satpura Range ; then at Jabalpur , passing through the ` Marble Rocks ' , Narmada_River enters the Narmada Valley between the Vindhya and Satpura ranges , and Narmada_River pursues a direct westerly course to the Gulf of Cambay . Narmada_River flows through the states of Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , and Gujarat , and Narmada_River empties into the Arabian Sea in the Bharuch District of Gujarat . The Narmada Valley is a graben , a layered block of the earth 's crust that dropped down relative to the blocks on either side due to ancient spreading of the earth 's crust . eos
flows through the states of Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , and Gujarat , and Narmada_River empties into the Arabian Sea in the Bharuch District of Gujarat . The Narmada Valley is a graben , a layered block of the earth 's crust that dropped down relative to the blocks on either side due to ancient spreading of the earth 's crust . Two normal faults , known as the Narmada North fault and Narmada South fault , parallel Narmada_River course , and mark the boundary between the Narmada block and the Vindhya and Satpura blocks or horsts which rose relative to the Narmada Graben . eos
empties into the Arabian Sea in the Bharuch District of Gujarat . The Narmada Valley is a graben , a layered block of the earth 's crust that dropped down relative to the blocks on either side due to ancient spreading of the earth 's crust . Two normal faults , known as the Narmada North fault and Narmada South fault , parallel Narmada_River course , and mark the boundary between the Narmada block and the Vindhya and Satpura blocks or horsts which rose relative to the Narmada Graben . eos
course , and mark the boundary between the Narmada block and the Vindhya and Satpura blocks or horsts which rose relative to the Narmada Graben . Narmada_River watershed includes the northern slopes of the Satpuras , and the steep southern slope of the Vindhyas , but not the Vindhyan tableland , the streams from which flow into the Ganges and Yamuna . The Narmada valley is considered extremely important for paleontological studies in India . eos
watershed includes the northern slopes of the Satpuras , and the steep southern slope of the Vindhyas , but not the Vindhyan tableland , the streams from which flow into the Ganges and Yamuna . The Narmada valley is considered extremely important for paleontological studies in India . Several dinosaur fossils have been found in the area including Titanosaurus indicus found in 1877 by Richard Lydekker and the recently discovered Rajasaurus narmadensis . eos
is considered extremely holy by hindus . It is said that just the sight of Narmada_River is enough to wash away all sins . Narmada_River has beautiful ghats built on Narmada_River banks in Hoshangabad . eos
is enough to wash away all sins . Narmada_River has beautiful ghats built on Narmada_River banks in Hoshangabad . Narmada_River longest tributary is the Tawa , which joins Narmada_River at Bandra Bhan in Hoshangabad District , Madhya Pradesh . eos
has beautiful ghats built on Narmada_River banks in Hoshangabad . Narmada_River longest tributary is the Tawa , which joins Narmada_River at Bandra Bhan in Hoshangabad District , Madhya Pradesh . After leaving Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra , Narmada_River widens out in the fertile district of Bharuch . eos
banks in Hoshangabad . Narmada_River longest tributary is the Tawa , which joins Narmada_River at Bandra Bhan in Hoshangabad District , Madhya Pradesh . After leaving Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra , Narmada_River widens out in the fertile district of Bharuch . eos
longest tributary is the Tawa , which joins Narmada_River at Bandra Bhan in Hoshangabad District , Madhya Pradesh . After leaving Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra , Narmada_River widens out in the fertile district of Bharuch . Below Bharuch city Narmada_River forms a 20 kilometre wide estuary where Narmada_River enters the Gulf of Cambay . eos
at Bandra Bhan in Hoshangabad District , Madhya Pradesh . After leaving Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra , Narmada_River widens out in the fertile district of Bharuch . Below Bharuch city Narmada_River forms a 20 kilometre wide estuary where Narmada_River enters the Gulf of Cambay . eos
widens out in the fertile district of Bharuch . Below Bharuch city Narmada_River forms a 20 kilometre wide estuary where Narmada_River enters the Gulf of Cambay . Narmada_River is not only used for irrigation , but for navigation . eos
forms a 20 kilometre wide estuary where Narmada_River enters the Gulf of Cambay . Narmada_River is not only used for irrigation , but for navigation . In the rainy season boats of considerable size sail about 100 kilometres above Bharuch city . eos
enters the Gulf of Cambay . Narmada_River is not only used for irrigation , but for navigation . In the rainy season boats of considerable size sail about 100 kilometres above Bharuch city . eos
is not only used for irrigation , but for navigation . In the rainy season boats of considerable size sail about 100 kilometres above Bharuch city . Seagoing vessels of about 70 tons frequent the port of Bharuch , but they are entirely dependent on the tide . eos
is the principal river of western Africa , extending over 2500 miles ( about 4000 km ) . Niger_River runs in a crescent through Guinea , Mali , Niger , on the border with Benin and then through Nigeria , discharging through a massive delta , known as the Oil Rivers , into the Gulf of Guinea . Niger_River is the third longest river in Africa , exceeded only by the Nile and the Congo River ( also known as the Zaïre River ) . eos
runs in a crescent through Guinea , Mali , Niger , on the border with Benin and then through Nigeria , discharging through a massive delta , known as the Oil Rivers , into the Gulf of Guinea . Niger_River is the third longest river in Africa , exceeded only by the Nile and the Congo River ( also known as the Zaïre River ) . Niger_River main tributary is the Benue River . eos
is the third longest river in Africa , exceeded only by the Nile and the Congo River ( also known as the Zaïre River ) . Niger_River main tributary is the Benue River . eos
main tributary is the Benue River . eos
( "" Arabic : النيل "" , "" Arabic transliteration : an - nīl "" , Ancient Egyptian iteru ) is a major north - flowing river in Africa , often regarded as the longest river on Earth , although some sources claim the Amazon in South America is longer . Nile has two major tributaries , the White Nile and Blue Nile , the latter being the source of most of Nile water and fertile soil , but the former being the longer of the two . eos
has two major tributaries , the White Nile and Blue Nile , the latter being the source of most of Nile water and fertile soil , but the former being the longer of the two . The White Nile rises in the Great Lakes region of central Africa , with the most distant source in southern Rwanda 2 ° 16 ' 55.92 S , 29 ° 19 ' 52.32 E , and flows north from there through Tanzania , Lake Victoria , Uganda and southern Sudan , while the Blue Nile starts at Lake Tana in Ethiopia , flowing into Sudan from the southeast . The two rivers meet near the Sudanese capital Khartoum . eos
water and fertile soil , but the former being the longer of the two . The White Nile rises in the Great Lakes region of central Africa , with the most distant source in southern Rwanda 2 ° 16 ' 55.92 S , 29 ° 19 ' 52.32 E , and flows north from there through Tanzania , Lake Victoria , Uganda and southern Sudan , while the Blue Nile starts at Lake Tana in Ethiopia , flowing into Sudan from the southeast . The two rivers meet near the Sudanese capital Khartoum . eos
flows almost entirely through desert , from Sudan into Egypt , a country whose civilization has depended on Nile since ancient times . Most of the population of Egypt and all of its cities , with the exception of those near the coast , lie along those parts of the Nile valley north of Aswan ; and nearly all the cultural and historical sites of Ancient Egypt are found along the banks of Nile . Nile ends in a large delta that empties into the Mediterranean Sea . eos
since ancient times . Most of the population of Egypt and all of its cities , with the exception of those near the coast , lie along those parts of the Nile valley north of Aswan ; and nearly all the cultural and historical sites of Ancient Egypt are found along the banks of Nile . Nile ends in a large delta that empties into the Mediterranean Sea . eos
. Nile ends in a large delta that empties into the Mediterranean Sea . eos
ends in a large delta that empties into the Mediterranean Sea . eos
is a glacier - fed river flowing east from the Canadian Rockies to central Saskatchewan . North_Saskatchewan_River is one of two major rivers that join to make up the Saskatchewan River . The Saskatchewan River system is the largest in western Canada , including most of southern Alberta and southern Saskatchewan , and crossing into central Manitoba . eos
is one of two major rivers that join to make up the Saskatchewan River . The Saskatchewan River system is the largest in western Canada , including most of southern Alberta and southern Saskatchewan , and crossing into central Manitoba . eos
is a river in southwest Africa . Okavango_River is the fourth longest river system in southern Africa , running southeastward for 1,000 miles ( 1,600 km ) . Okavango_River begins in Angola , where Okavango_River is known as the Cubango River . eos
is the fourth longest river system in southern Africa , running southeastward for 1,000 miles ( 1,600 km ) . Okavango_River begins in Angola , where Okavango_River is known as the Cubango River . Further south Okavango_River forms part of the border between Angola and Namibia , and then Okavango_River flows into Botswana , draining into the Moremi Wildlife Reserve . eos
begins in Angola , where Okavango_River is known as the Cubango River . Further south Okavango_River forms part of the border between Angola and Namibia , and then Okavango_River flows into Botswana , draining into the Moremi Wildlife Reserve . Before Okavango_River enters Botswana , Okavango_River drops 4 meters , across the full 1.2km - width of Okavango_River , in a series of rapids known as Popa Falls , visible when Okavango_River is low , as during the dry season . eos
is known as the Cubango River . Further south Okavango_River forms part of the border between Angola and Namibia , and then Okavango_River flows into Botswana , draining into the Moremi Wildlife Reserve . Before Okavango_River enters Botswana , Okavango_River drops 4 meters , across the full 1.2km - width of Okavango_River , in a series of rapids known as Popa Falls , visible when Okavango_River is low , as during the dry season . eos
forms part of the border between Angola and Namibia , and then Okavango_River flows into Botswana , draining into the Moremi Wildlife Reserve . Before Okavango_River enters Botswana , Okavango_River drops 4 meters , across the full 1.2km - width of Okavango_River , in a series of rapids known as Popa Falls , visible when Okavango_River is low , as during the dry season . Unusually , Okavango_River does not have an outlet in the sea . eos
flows into Botswana , draining into the Moremi Wildlife Reserve . Before Okavango_River enters Botswana , Okavango_River drops 4 meters , across the full 1.2km - width of Okavango_River , in a series of rapids known as Popa Falls , visible when Okavango_River is low , as during the dry season . Unusually , Okavango_River does not have an outlet in the sea . eos
is low , as during the dry season . Unusually , Okavango_River does not have an outlet in the sea . Instead , Okavango_River empties into a swamp in the Kalahari Desert , known as the Okavango Delta . eos
enters Botswana , Okavango_River drops 4 meters , across the full 1.2km - width of Okavango_River , in a series of rapids known as Popa Falls , visible when Okavango_River is low , as during the dry season . Unusually , Okavango_River does not have an outlet in the sea . Instead , Okavango_River empties into a swamp in the Kalahari Desert , known as the Okavango Delta . eos
drops 4 meters , across the full 1.2km - width of Okavango_River , in a series of rapids known as Popa Falls , visible when Okavango_River is low , as during the dry season . Unusually , Okavango_River does not have an outlet in the sea . Instead , Okavango_River empties into a swamp in the Kalahari Desert , known as the Okavango Delta . eos
, in a series of rapids known as Popa Falls , visible when Okavango_River is low , as during the dry season . Unusually , Okavango_River does not have an outlet in the sea . Instead , Okavango_River empties into a swamp in the Kalahari Desert , known as the Okavango Delta . eos
does not have an outlet in the sea . Instead , Okavango_River empties into a swamp in the Kalahari Desert , known as the Okavango Delta . Part of the Okavango_River flow fills Lake Ngami . eos
empties into a swamp in the Kalahari Desert , known as the Okavango Delta . Part of the Okavango_River flow fills Lake Ngami . World famous for its remarkable wildlife , the Okavango area contains the Moremi Wildlife Reserve ( Botswana ) . eos
flow fills Lake Ngami . World famous for its remarkable wildlife , the Okavango area contains the Moremi Wildlife Reserve ( Botswana ) . The area is also home to about 100,000 native people who are caught between the interests of tourist operators and insurgents in the neighbouring Caprivi Strip . eos
( Afrikaans : Oranjerivier , German : eos
was first discovered by indigenous people but only explored by Europeans in 1760 and named after the House of Orange , which was the Stadhouder of Holland between 1777 - 79 . Another account of Orange_River naming suggests that Orange_River may have been called after the supposedly orangy colour of Orange_River water , as opposed to the colour of the water of the Vaal River ( ` vaal ' being Afrikaans for pale or grey ) . eos
naming suggests that Orange_River may have been called after the supposedly orangy colour of Orange_River water , as opposed to the colour of the water of the Vaal River ( ` vaal ' being Afrikaans for pale or grey ) . eos
may have been called after the supposedly orangy colour of Orange_River water , as opposed to the colour of the water of the Vaal River ( ` vaal ' being Afrikaans for pale or grey ) . eos
water , as opposed to the colour of the water of the Vaal River ( ` vaal ' being Afrikaans for pale or grey ) . eos
is one of the longest rivers in South America at 2,410 km , ( 1,497.5 miles ) . Orinoco drainage basin , sometimes called the Orinoquia , covers 880,000 km ² , 23.7 % in Colombia with the rest in Venezuela . Orinoco and Orinoco tributaries are the major transportation system for eastern and interior Venezuela and the llanos of Colombia . eos
drainage basin , sometimes called the Orinoquia , covers 880,000 km ² , 23.7 % in Colombia with the rest in Venezuela . Orinoco and Orinoco tributaries are the major transportation system for eastern and interior Venezuela and the llanos of Colombia . eos
and Orinoco tributaries are the major transportation system for eastern and interior Venezuela and the llanos of Colombia . eos
tributaries are the major transportation system for eastern and interior Venezuela and the llanos of Colombia . eos
( French : Rivière des Outaouais ) defines for most of Ottawa_River length the border between the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec . Ottawa_River rises from Ottawa_River source in Lake Capimitchigama in the Laurentian mountains of central Quebec , eos
length the border between the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec . Ottawa_River rises from Ottawa_River source in Lake Capimitchigama in the Laurentian mountains of central Quebec , Ottawa_River flows west to Lake Timiskaming where Ottawa_River reaches the Ontario border eos
rises from Ottawa_River source in Lake Capimitchigama in the Laurentian mountains of central Quebec , Ottawa_River flows west to Lake Timiskaming where Ottawa_River reaches the Ontario border , then Ottawa_River flows southeast to Ottawa and Gatineau where Ottawa_River tumbles over the Chaudière Falls and Ottawa_River further takes in the Rideau and Gatineau rivers . eos
source in Lake Capimitchigama in the Laurentian mountains of central Quebec , Ottawa_River flows west to Lake Timiskaming where Ottawa_River reaches the Ontario border , then Ottawa_River flows southeast to Ottawa and Gatineau where Ottawa_River tumbles over the Chaudière Falls and Ottawa_River further takes in the Rideau and Gatineau rivers . eos
flows west to Lake Timiskaming where Ottawa_River reaches the Ontario border , then Ottawa_River flows southeast to Ottawa and Gatineau where Ottawa_River tumbles over the Chaudière Falls and Ottawa_River further takes in the Rideau and Gatineau rivers . Ottawa_River drains into the Lake of Two Mountains and the Saint Lawrence River at Montreal . eos
reaches the Ontario border , then Ottawa_River flows southeast to Ottawa and Gatineau where Ottawa_River tumbles over the Chaudière Falls and Ottawa_River further takes in the Rideau and Gatineau rivers . Ottawa_River drains into the Lake of Two Mountains and the Saint Lawrence River at Montreal . eos
flows southeast to Ottawa and Gatineau where Ottawa_River tumbles over the Chaudière Falls and Ottawa_River further takes in the Rideau and Gatineau rivers . Ottawa_River drains into the Lake of Two Mountains and the Saint Lawrence River at Montreal . The total length of Ottawa_River is 1,271 km and Ottawa_River drains an area of 146,000 km ² , 65 % in Quebec and the rest in Ontario . eos
tumbles over the Chaudière Falls and Ottawa_River further takes in the Rideau and Gatineau rivers . Ottawa_River drains into the Lake of Two Mountains and the Saint Lawrence River at Montreal . The total length of Ottawa_River is 1,271 km and Ottawa_River drains an area of 146,000 km ² , 65 % in Quebec and the rest in Ontario . eos
further takes in the Rideau and Gatineau rivers . Ottawa_River drains into the Lake of Two Mountains and the Saint Lawrence River at Montreal . The total length of Ottawa_River is 1,271 km and Ottawa_River drains an area of 146,000 km ² , 65 % in Quebec and the rest in Ontario . eos
drains into the Lake of Two Mountains and the Saint Lawrence River at Montreal . The total length of Ottawa_River is 1,271 km and Ottawa_River drains an area of 146,000 km ² , 65 % in Quebec and the rest in Ontario . The average waterflow measured at Carillon dam , near the Lake of Two Mountains , is 1,950 m ³ / s , and it can vary from 700 to 8,000 m ³ / s. eos
is 1,271 km and Ottawa_River drains an area of 146,000 km ² , 65 % in Quebec and the rest in Ontario . The average waterflow measured at Carillon dam , near the Lake of Two Mountains , is 1,950 m ³ / s , and it can vary from 700 to 8,000 m ³ / s. Major tributaries include the eos
drains an area of 146,000 km ² , 65 % in Quebec and the rest in Ontario . The average waterflow measured at Carillon dam , near the Lake of Two Mountains , is 1,950 m ³ / s , and it can vary from 700 to 8,000 m ³ / s. Major tributaries include the eos
. Another consequence was the formations of large deposits of a material commonly known as Leda clay ; these deposits become highly unstable after heavy rains . A number of landslides have occurred as a result . eos
that do not freeze over . eos
( Río Paraná in Spanish , Rio Paraná in Portuguese ) is a river in south central South America , running through Brazil , Paraguay and Argentina over a course of some 2,570 kilometers ( 1,600 miles ) . This length increases to 3,998 km ( 2,484 miles ) if the distance is counted from the headwaters of the Paranaiba River in Brazil . Parana_River is considered second in size only to the Amazon River among South American rivers . eos
is considered second in size only to the Amazon River among South American rivers . The name Paraná comes from the Tupi language and means ` ` like the sea '' ( that is , ` ` as big as the sea '' ) . eos
( Dutch Rijn , French Rhin , German Rhein , Italian : Reno , Romansch : Rein , ) is one of the longest and most important rivers in Europe at 1,320 kilometres ( 820 miles ) , with an average discharge of more than 2,000 cubic meters per second . eos
comes from the Celtic Renos , literally ` ` that which flows '' , from the Proto - Indo - European root * rei - ( ` ` to flow , run '' ) , which is also the origin of the English verb ` ` to run '' and the Greek adage Πάντα ῥεῖ καὶ οὐδὲν μένει , ( everything flows , nothing stands still ) . Rhine and the Danube formed most of the northern frontier of the Roman Empire , and since those days Rhine has been a vital navigable waterway , carrying trade and goods deep inland . eos
and the Danube formed most of the northern frontier of the Roman Empire , and since those days Rhine has been a vital navigable waterway , carrying trade and goods deep inland . Rhine has also served as a defensive feature , and been the basis for regional and international borders . The many castles and prehistoric fortifications along Rhine testify to Rhine importance as a waterway - river traffic could be stopped at these locations , usually for the purpose of collecting tolls , by the state controlling that portion of Rhine . eos
has been a vital navigable waterway , carrying trade and goods deep inland . Rhine has also served as a defensive feature , and been the basis for regional and international borders . The many castles and prehistoric fortifications along Rhine testify to Rhine importance as a waterway - river traffic could be stopped at these locations , usually for the purpose of collecting tolls , by the state controlling that portion of Rhine . eos
has also served as a defensive feature , and been the basis for regional and international borders . The many castles and prehistoric fortifications along Rhine testify to Rhine importance as a waterway - river traffic could be stopped at these locations , usually for the purpose of collecting tolls , by the state controlling that portion of Rhine . eos
testify to Rhine importance as a waterway - river traffic could be stopped at these locations , usually for the purpose of collecting tolls , by the state controlling that portion of Rhine . eos
importance as a waterway - river traffic could be stopped at these locations , usually for the purpose of collecting tolls , by the state controlling that portion of Rhine . eos
. eos
in the United States and as the Río Bravo ( or , more formally , the Río Bravo del Norte ) in Mexico , Rio_Grande , 1,885 mi ( 3,034 km ) long , is the fourth longest river in the United States . eos
, 1,885 mi ( 3,034 km ) long , is the fourth longest river in the United States . eos
( in Spanish Río Salado , literally ` ` Salty River '' ) is a river Salado_River crosses several provinces of Argentina , flowing 1,500 kilometres from Salado_River source in the Salta Province to end in the Paraná River , in the Santa Fe Province . Because Salado_River origin , Salado_River flow varies widely within the year , and Salado_River can dry out in some parts of Salado_River path during the winter . eos
crosses several provinces of Argentina , flowing 1,500 kilometres from Salado_River source in the Salta Province to end in the Paraná River , in the Santa Fe Province . Because Salado_River origin , Salado_River flow varies widely within the year , and Salado_River can dry out in some parts of Salado_River path during the winter . The only important tributary to Salado_River is the Horcones River , which is born in Salta as Cajón River , and joins Salado_River in the Santiago del Estero Province . eos
source in the Salta Province to end in the Paraná River , in the Santa Fe Province . Because Salado_River origin , Salado_River flow varies widely within the year , and Salado_River can dry out in some parts of Salado_River path during the winter . The only important tributary to Salado_River is the Horcones River , which is born in Salta as Cajón River , and joins Salado_River in the Santiago del Estero Province . eos
origin , Salado_River flow varies widely within the year , and Salado_River can dry out in some parts of Salado_River path during the winter . The only important tributary to Salado_River is the Horcones River , which is born in Salta as Cajón River , and joins Salado_River in the Santiago del Estero Province . eos
flow varies widely within the year , and Salado_River can dry out in some parts of Salado_River path during the winter . The only important tributary to Salado_River is the Horcones River , which is born in Salta as Cajón River , and joins Salado_River in the Santiago del Estero Province . eos
can dry out in some parts of Salado_River path during the winter . The only important tributary to Salado_River is the Horcones River , which is born in Salta as Cajón River , and joins Salado_River in the Santiago del Estero Province . eos
path during the winter . The only important tributary to Salado_River is the Horcones River , which is born in Salta as Cajón River , and joins Salado_River in the Santiago del Estero Province . eos
is the Horcones River , which is born in Salta as Cajón River , and joins Salado_River in the Santiago del Estero Province . eos
in the Santiago del Estero Province . eos
or Selenge ( Russian : Селенга́ ) is a river in Mongolia and Russia . Selenga rises in the Khangay mountains under the name of Ider , and Selenga flows into Lake Baikal . eos
rises in the Khangay mountains under the name of Ider , and Selenga flows into Lake Baikal . Selenga length is 1024 km . Selenga is the headwater of the Yenisei - Angara River . eos
flows into Lake Baikal . Selenga length is 1024 km . Selenga is the headwater of the Yenisei - Angara River . eos
length is 1024 km . Selenga is the headwater of the Yenisei - Angara River . eos
is the headwater of the Yenisei - Angara River . eos
( with numerous spelling variations , including Shabele and Shabell , sometimes with Wabe or Webi prepended , Shabeelle in Somalia ) begins in the highlands of Ethiopia , and then Shebelle_River flows southeast into Somalia towards Mogadishu . Near Mogadishu Shebelle_River turns sharply southwest , where Shebelle_River follows the coast . eos
flows southeast into Somalia towards Mogadishu . Near Mogadishu Shebelle_River turns sharply southwest , where Shebelle_River follows the coast . eos
turns sharply southwest , where Shebelle_River follows the coast . Below Mogadishu Shebelle_River becomes seasonal . Most years Shebelle_River dries up near the mouth of the Jubba River , while in seasons of heavy rainfall Shebelle_River actually reaches the Jubba and thus the Indian Ocean . eos
follows the coast . Below Mogadishu Shebelle_River becomes seasonal . Most years Shebelle_River dries up near the mouth of the Jubba River , while in seasons of heavy rainfall Shebelle_River actually reaches the Jubba and thus the Indian Ocean . eos
becomes seasonal . Most years Shebelle_River dries up near the mouth of the Jubba River , while in seasons of heavy rainfall Shebelle_River actually reaches the Jubba and thus the Indian Ocean . Shebelle_River name comes from the Somali language , ` ` Wabi Shabele '' meaning ` ` Leopard / Tiger River . '' eos
dries up near the mouth of the Jubba River , while in seasons of heavy rainfall Shebelle_River actually reaches the Jubba and thus the Indian Ocean . Shebelle_River name comes from the Somali language , ` ` Wabi Shabele '' meaning ` ` Leopard / Tiger River . '' According to the Statistical Abstract of Ethiopia for 1967/68 , Shebelle_River is 1130 kilometers long , extending for 1000 kilometers inside Ethiopia and 130 inside Somalia . eos
actually reaches the Jubba and thus the Indian Ocean . Shebelle_River name comes from the Somali language , ` ` Wabi Shabele '' meaning ` ` Leopard / Tiger River . '' According to the Statistical Abstract of Ethiopia for 1967/68 , Shebelle_River is 1130 kilometers long , extending for 1000 kilometers inside Ethiopia and 130 inside Somalia . eos
name comes from the Somali language , ` ` Wabi Shabele '' meaning ` ` Leopard / Tiger River . '' According to the Statistical Abstract of Ethiopia for 1967/68 , Shebelle_River is 1130 kilometers long , extending for 1000 kilometers inside Ethiopia and 130 inside Somalia . Shebelle_River gives Shebelle_River name to the Somali administrative regions of Middle Shabele and Lower Shabele . eos
is 1130 kilometers long , extending for 1000 kilometers inside Ethiopia and 130 inside Somalia . Shebelle_River gives Shebelle_River name to the Somali administrative regions of Middle Shabele and Lower Shabele . In the past , the area of Shebelle_River was very much affected by diseases transmitted by tsetse flies , but they seems now to be eradicated at least in some parts of the Shebelle valley . eos
gives Shebelle_River name to the Somali administrative regions of Middle Shabele and Lower Shabele . In the past , the area of Shebelle_River was very much affected by diseases transmitted by tsetse flies , but they seems now to be eradicated at least in some parts of the Shebelle valley . eos
name to the Somali administrative regions of Middle Shabele and Lower Shabele . In the past , the area of Shebelle_River was very much affected by diseases transmitted by tsetse flies , but they seems now to be eradicated at least in some parts of the Shebelle valley . eos
was very much affected by diseases transmitted by tsetse flies , but they seems now to be eradicated at least in some parts of the Shebelle valley . eos
is the largest tributary of the Ohio River . Tennessee_River is approximately 650 miles ( 1,046 km ) long and Tennessee_River is located in the southeastern United States in the Tennessee Valley . Tennessee_River was once popularly known as the Cherokee River , among other names . eos
is approximately 650 miles ( 1,046 km ) long and Tennessee_River is located in the southeastern United States in the Tennessee Valley . Tennessee_River was once popularly known as the Cherokee River , among other names . eos
is located in the southeastern United States in the Tennessee Valley . Tennessee_River was once popularly known as the Cherokee River , among other names . eos
was once popularly known as the Cherokee River , among other names . eos
( Portuguese : Rio Tietê ) is a river in the Brazilian state of São Paulo . Tiete_River runs for 700 miles before joining the Paraná River , making Tiete_River around the 130th longest river in the world . eos
runs for 700 miles before joining the Paraná River , making Tiete_River around the 130th longest river in the world . Tiete_River spring is located on the municipality of Salesópolis , in Serra do Mar. . Although Salesópolis is only 22 km to the ocean , the slope forces Tiete_River to run towards the center of the continent . eos
around the 130th longest river in the world . Tiete_River spring is located on the municipality of Salesópolis , in Serra do Mar. . Although Salesópolis is only 22 km to the ocean , the slope forces Tiete_River to run towards the center of the continent . eos
spring is located on the municipality of Salesópolis , in Serra do Mar. . Although Salesópolis is only 22 km to the ocean , the slope forces Tiete_River to run towards the center of the continent . eos
to run towards the center of the continent . eos
is the eastern member of the pair of great rivers that define Mesopotamia , along with the Euphrates , Tigris flows from the mountains of Anatolia through Iraq ( the name ` ` Mesopotamia '' is a Greek word meaning ` ` the land between the rivers '' ) . eos
flows from the mountains of Anatolia through Iraq ( the name ` ` Mesopotamia '' is a Greek word meaning ` ` the land between the rivers '' ) . eos
( "" Russian : Тобол "" ) is a river in Kazakhstan and Kurgan and Tyumen Oblasts in Russia , left tributary of the Irtysh . The length of Tobol_River is 1591 km . The area of Tobol_River drainage basin is 426,000 sq km . eos
is 1591 km . The area of Tobol_River drainage basin is 426,000 sq km . The lower reaches of Tobol_River freeze up in late october - november , the upper reaches - in november . eos
drainage basin is 426,000 sq km . The lower reaches of Tobol_River freeze up in late october - november , the upper reaches - in november . Tobol_River stays under the ice until the second half of april - early May . eos
freeze up in late october - november , the upper reaches - in november . Tobol_River stays under the ice until the second half of april - early May . Tobol_River is navigable within 437 km from Tobol_River estuary . eos
stays under the ice until the second half of april - early May . Tobol_River is navigable within 437 km from Tobol_River estuary . eos
is navigable within 437 km from Tobol_River estuary . eos
estuary . eos
is the largest tributary of the Orange River in South Africa . Vaal_River has Vaal_River source in the Drakensberg mountains in Mpumalanga , east of Johannesburg , and Vaal_River flows southwest to Vaal_River conjunction with the Orange River southwest of Kimberley in the Northern Cape . Vaal_River is 1120 km in length , and Vaal_River forms the border between Mpumalanga , Gauteng and North West Province on Vaal_River north bank , and the Free State on Vaal_River south . eos
has Vaal_River source in the Drakensberg mountains in Mpumalanga , east of Johannesburg , and Vaal_River flows southwest to Vaal_River conjunction with the Orange River southwest of Kimberley in the Northern Cape . Vaal_River is 1120 km in length , and Vaal_River forms the border between Mpumalanga , Gauteng and North West Province on Vaal_River north bank , and the Free State on Vaal_River south . eos
source in the Drakensberg mountains in Mpumalanga , east of Johannesburg , and Vaal_River flows southwest to Vaal_River conjunction with the Orange River southwest of Kimberley in the Northern Cape . Vaal_River is 1120 km in length , and Vaal_River forms the border between Mpumalanga , Gauteng and North West Province on Vaal_River north bank , and the Free State on Vaal_River south . eos
flows southwest to Vaal_River conjunction with the Orange River southwest of Kimberley in the Northern Cape . Vaal_River is 1120 km in length , and Vaal_River forms the border between Mpumalanga , Gauteng and North West Province on Vaal_River north bank , and the Free State on Vaal_River south . eos
conjunction with the Orange River southwest of Kimberley in the Northern Cape . Vaal_River is 1120 km in length , and Vaal_River forms the border between Mpumalanga , Gauteng and North West Province on Vaal_River north bank , and the Free State on Vaal_River south . eos
is 1120 km in length , and Vaal_River forms the border between Mpumalanga , Gauteng and North West Province on Vaal_River north bank , and the Free State on Vaal_River south . eos
forms the border between Mpumalanga , Gauteng and North West Province on Vaal_River north bank , and the Free State on Vaal_River south . eos
north bank , and the Free State on Vaal_River south . eos
south . eos
( "" Polish : Wisła "" ) is the longest river in Poland . Vistula is 1,047 kilometers ( 678 miles ) long and Vistula drains an area of 194,424 km ² eos
is 1,047 kilometers ( 678 miles ) long and Vistula drains an area of 194,424 km ² ( 75,067 sq . miles ) , of which 168,699 km ² ( 65,135 sq . miles ) lies within Poland ( over half the area of the country ) . Vistula has Vistula source in the south of the country , at Barania Góra ( 1220 m high ) in the Beskidy Mountains where Vistula starts with the White Little Vistula ( Biała Wisełka ) and the Black Little Vistula ( Czarna Wisełka ) . eos
drains an area of 194,424 km ² ( 75,067 sq . miles ) , of which 168,699 km ² ( 65,135 sq . miles ) lies within Poland ( over half the area of the country ) . Vistula has Vistula source in the south of the country , at Barania Góra ( 1220 m high ) in the Beskidy Mountains where Vistula starts with the White Little Vistula ( Biała Wisełka ) and the Black Little Vistula ( Czarna Wisełka ) . eos
has Vistula source in the south of the country , at Barania Góra ( 1220 m high ) in the Beskidy Mountains where Vistula starts with the White Little Vistula ( Biała Wisełka ) and the Black Little Vistula ( Czarna Wisełka ) . Vistula then continues to flow over the vast Polish plains , passing several large Polish cities along Vistula way , including Kraków , Sandomierz , Warsaw , Płock , Włocławek , Toruń , Świecie , Tczew and Gdańsk . With a delta and several branches ( Leniwka , Przekop , Śmiała Wisła , Martwa Wisła , Nogat and Szkarpawa ) Vistula empties into the Vistula Lagoon and Gdańsk Bay of the Baltic Sea . eos
source in the south of the country , at Barania Góra ( 1220 m high ) in the Beskidy Mountains where Vistula starts with the White Little Vistula ( Biała Wisełka ) and the Black Little Vistula ( Czarna Wisełka ) . Vistula then continues to flow over the vast Polish plains , passing several large Polish cities along Vistula way , including Kraków , Sandomierz , Warsaw , Płock , Włocławek , Toruń , Świecie , Tczew and Gdańsk . With a delta and several branches ( Leniwka , Przekop , Śmiała Wisła , Martwa Wisła , Nogat and Szkarpawa ) Vistula empties into the Vistula Lagoon and Gdańsk Bay of the Baltic Sea . eos
starts with the White Little Vistula ( Biała Wisełka ) and the Black Little Vistula ( Czarna Wisełka ) . Vistula then continues to flow over the vast Polish plains , passing several large Polish cities along Vistula way , including Kraków , Sandomierz , Warsaw , Płock , Włocławek , Toruń , Świecie , Tczew and Gdańsk . With a delta and several branches ( Leniwka , Przekop , Śmiała Wisła , Martwa Wisła , Nogat and Szkarpawa ) Vistula empties into the Vistula Lagoon and Gdańsk Bay of the Baltic Sea . eos
then continues to flow over the vast Polish plains , passing several large Polish cities along Vistula way , including Kraków , Sandomierz , Warsaw , Płock , Włocławek , Toruń , Świecie , Tczew and Gdańsk . With a delta and several branches ( Leniwka , Przekop , Śmiała Wisła , Martwa Wisła , Nogat and Szkarpawa ) Vistula empties into the Vistula Lagoon and Gdańsk Bay of the Baltic Sea . eos
way , including Kraków , Sandomierz , Warsaw , Płock , Włocławek , Toruń , Świecie , Tczew and Gdańsk . With a delta and several branches ( Leniwka , Przekop , Śmiała Wisła , Martwa Wisła , Nogat and Szkarpawa ) Vistula empties into the Vistula Lagoon and Gdańsk Bay of the Baltic Sea . eos
empties into the Vistula Lagoon and Gdańsk Bay of the Baltic Sea . eos
, widely viewed as the national river of Russia , flows through the western part of the country . Volga_River is Europe 's longest river , with a length of 3,690 km ( 2,293 miles ) , and Volga_River forms the core of the largest river system in Europe . Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along Volga_River . eos
is Europe 's longest river , with a length of 3,690 km ( 2,293 miles ) , and Volga_River forms the core of the largest river system in Europe . Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along Volga_River . eos
forms the core of the largest river system in Europe . Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along Volga_River . eos
. eos
( 西江 , pinyin : Xī Jiāng , Postal map spelling : Si Kiang , lit . ` ` West River '' ) is the western tributary of Pearl River in southern China . eos
are navigable . Xijiang_River is the largest of the tributaries , being 2,197 km . Other transliterations include Hsi River and Hsi Chiang . eos
is the largest of the tributaries , being 2,197 km . Other transliterations include Hsi River and Hsi Chiang . Xijiang_River supplies water to many places in Guangxi , Guangdong and Macao . eos
supplies water to many places in Guangxi , Guangdong and Macao . Another Xi is a minor tributary of the Jiulong River northwest of Xiamen . eos
( also called Ya - lung River ) is an 822 miles ( 1,323 kilometers ) long river in the Sichuan province of southern China . Yalong_River flows into the Yangtze River along the border with Yunnan . eos
flows into the Yangtze River along the border with Yunnan . eos
( sometimes called Jamuna ) is a major river of northern India , with a total length of around 1370 km . Yamuna is the largest tributary of the Ganga . Yamuna source is at Yamunotri , in the Uttaranchal Himalaya , which is north of Haridwar in the Himalayan Mountains . eos
is the largest tributary of the Ganga . Yamuna source is at Yamunotri , in the Uttaranchal Himalaya , which is north of Haridwar in the Himalayan Mountains . Yamuna flows through the states of Delhi , Haryana and Uttar Pradesh , before merging with the Ganges at Allahabad . eos
source is at Yamunotri , in the Uttaranchal Himalaya , which is north of Haridwar in the Himalayan Mountains . Yamuna flows through the states of Delhi , Haryana and Uttar Pradesh , before merging with the Ganges at Allahabad . The cities of Delhi , Mathura and Agra lie on Yamuna banks . eos
flows through the states of Delhi , Haryana and Uttar Pradesh , before merging with the Ganges at Allahabad . The cities of Delhi , Mathura and Agra lie on Yamuna banks . The major tributaries of Yamuna are the Tons , Chambal , Betwa , Sindh and Ken ; with the Tons being the largest . eos
banks . The major tributaries of Yamuna are the Tons , Chambal , Betwa , Sindh and Ken ; with the Tons being the largest . Yamuna was called Ioames by the ancient Greeks , and Jomanes by the Romans . eos
are the Tons , Chambal , Betwa , Sindh and Ken ; with the Tons being the largest . Yamuna was called Ioames by the ancient Greeks , and Jomanes by the Romans . A canal is currently being built between the Sutlej and Yamuna rivers , known as the SLY ( Sutlej - Yamuna Link ) . eos
was called Ioames by the ancient Greeks , and Jomanes by the Romans . A canal is currently being built between the Sutlej and Yamuna rivers , known as the SLY ( Sutlej - Yamuna Link ) . eos
or Chang Jiang ( "" Traditional Chinese : 長江 , Simplified Chinese : 长江 , Pinyin : eos
is about 6,211 km long and Yangtze_River flows from Yangtze_River source in Qinghai Province in western China , eastwards into the East China Sea . Yangtze_River has traditionally been considered a dividing point between northern and southern China , although geographers consider the Qinling - Huai River line to be the official line of geographical division . eos
flows from Yangtze_River source in Qinghai Province in western China , eastwards into the East China Sea . Yangtze_River has traditionally been considered a dividing point between northern and southern China , although geographers consider the Qinling - Huai River line to be the official line of geographical division . eos
source in Qinghai Province in western China , eastwards into the East China Sea . Yangtze_River has traditionally been considered a dividing point between northern and southern China , although geographers consider the Qinling - Huai River line to be the official line of geographical division . eos
has traditionally been considered a dividing point between northern and southern China , although geographers consider the Qinling - Huai River line to be the official line of geographical division . eos
( "" Traditional Chinese : 黃河 , Simplified Chinese : 黄河 , Pinyin : Huáng Hélisten , Wade - Giles : Hwang - ho "" , sometimes simply called the River in ancient Chinese ) is the second longest river in China ( after Yangtze River ) and the fifth in the world . Yellow_River is 5464 km long . eos
is 5464 km long . Originated from the Bayankala Mountains in Qinghai Province in western China , Yellow_River flows through nine provinces of China and Yellow_River finally empties into the Bohai Sea . The Yellow River basin has an east - west distance of 1900 km and north - south distance of 1100 km , total basin area 752443 km ² . eos
flows through nine provinces of China and Yellow_River finally empties into the Bohai Sea . The Yellow River basin has an east - west distance of 1900 km and north - south distance of 1100 km , total basin area 752443 km ² . The middle stream of Yellow_River passes through Loess Plateau with substantial erosion taking place . eos
finally empties into the Bohai Sea . The Yellow River basin has an east - west distance of 1900 km and north - south distance of 1100 km , total basin area 752443 km ² . The middle stream of Yellow_River passes through Loess Plateau with substantial erosion taking place . eos
passes through Loess Plateau with substantial erosion taking place . The large amount of mud and sand discharged into Yellow_River makes Yellow_River the most sediment - laden river in the world . The recorded highest annual level of silts discharged into Yellow_River is 3.91 billion tons ( 1933 ) . eos
makes Yellow_River the most sediment - laden river in the world . The recorded highest annual level of silts discharged into Yellow_River is 3.91 billion tons ( 1933 ) . Highest silt concentration level is recorded in 1977 with 920 kg / m ³ . eos
the most sediment - laden river in the world . The recorded highest annual level of silts discharged into Yellow_River is 3.91 billion tons ( 1933 ) . Highest silt concentration level is recorded in 1977 with 920 kg / m ³ . eos
is 3.91 billion tons ( 1933 ) . Highest silt concentration level is recorded in 1977 with 920 kg / m ³ . These sediments later deposit in the slower lower reaches of Yellow_River , elevating the river bed and creating the famous ` ` river above ground '' . eos
, elevating the river bed and creating the famous ` ` river above ground '' . In Kaifeng , Yellow_River is forty meters above the ground level . Yellow_River is called the ` ` Mother River of China '' and ` ` the Cradle of Chinese Civilization '' in China , as eos
is forty meters above the ground level . Yellow_River is called the ` ` Mother River of China '' and ` ` the Cradle of Chinese Civilization '' in China , as the Yellow River basin is the birth - place of the northern Chinese civilizations and the most prosperous region in the early Chinese history . eos
is called the ` ` Mother River of China '' and ` ` the Cradle of Chinese Civilization '' in China , as the Yellow River basin is the birth - place of the northern Chinese civilizations and the most prosperous region in the early Chinese history . However , the frequent devastating flooding , largely due to the elevated river bed in Yellow_River lower course , has also earned Yellow_River the unenviable distinction as ` ` China 's Sorrow '' . eos
lower course , has also earned Yellow_River the unenviable distinction as ` ` China 's Sorrow '' . eos
the unenviable distinction as ` ` China 's Sorrow '' . eos
is a major watercourse of northwestern North America . Over half of Yukon_River lies in the US state of Alaska , with the other portion lying in and giving Yukon_River name to Canada 's Yukon Territory . Yukon_River is 3,700 km ( 2,300 mi ) long and Yukon_River empties into the Bering Sea at the Yukon - Kuskokwim Delta . eos
lies in the US state of Alaska , with the other portion lying in and giving Yukon_River name to Canada 's Yukon Territory . Yukon_River is 3,700 km ( 2,300 mi ) long and Yukon_River empties into the Bering Sea at the Yukon - Kuskokwim Delta . The average flow is 6,430 m ³ / s ( 227,000 ft ³ / s ) . eos
name to Canada 's Yukon Territory . Yukon_River is 3,700 km ( 2,300 mi ) long and Yukon_River empties into the Bering Sea at the Yukon - Kuskokwim Delta . The average flow is 6,430 m ³ / s ( 227,000 ft ³ / s ) . eos
is 3,700 km ( 2,300 mi ) long and Yukon_River empties into the Bering Sea at the Yukon - Kuskokwim Delta . The average flow is 6,430 m ³ / s ( 227,000 ft ³ / s ) . The total drainage area is 832,700 km ² ( 321,500 mi ² ) , of which 323,800 km ² ( 126,300 mi ² ) is in Canada . eos
empties into the Bering Sea at the Yukon - Kuskokwim Delta . The average flow is 6,430 m ³ / s ( 227,000 ft ³ / s ) . The total drainage area is 832,700 km ² ( 321,500 mi ² ) , of which 323,800 km ² ( 126,300 mi ² ) is in Canada . eos
was one of the principal means of transportation during the 1896 - 1903 Klondike Gold Rush . Paddle - wheel riverboats continued to ply Yukon_River until the 1950s , when the Klondike Highway was completed . Yukon means ` ` great river '' in Gwich ` in . eos
until the 1950s , when the Klondike Highway was completed . Yukon means ` ` great river '' in Gwich ` in . Yukon_River was called Kwiguk , or ` ` large stream '' , in Yupik . eos
was called Kwiguk , or ` ` large stream '' , in Yupik . The Lewes River is the former name of the upper course of Yukon_River , from Marsh Lake to the confluence of the Pelly River at Fort Selkirk . eos
, from Marsh Lake to the confluence of the Pelly River at Fort Selkirk . eos
